4 years later i can confirm the deck is a gateway drug for Linux. Holy f**k the ecosystem is so cool
Google film. Or netflix or prime video
18 months ago 😮
If the next generation uses OLED with tabless cell battery therefore increasing battery capacity.  The battery is also placed in the handle.  Battery life should be doubled.
Why do these handheld systems have to have such big bezels around the screen its the same with the switch rhe bezels are huge
just got 2 steam decks + ps5 + series x ❤️❤️ as of 19.10.2022 6.10.2022
The highest level has a better screen
ive placed my reservation 512gb cant wait :)
Can TF2 be played on it?
Can’t wait to get it when it comes 😊😊
They are coming for your Desktops  Just Say NO!!!!    Looks cool though.
brainic elon musk is on to something
It kills me when all these reviewers say "non final hardware unit" , knowing damn well this is the final unit and thousands of units are boxed and ready to go.
but u need to have a pc to play?
Wow finally a gaming console that's handheld and it PC that's what alot of gamers need I'm actually going to get one
9 years later this will be the psp for our kids
Wt..  i'm selling mine switch and buy the steam deck. Valve conqueror.
Definitely looks nice, can’t wait to get mine
Absolutely the best time to be a gamer!
Game ¿Name? 4:25?
Let's gooooooo
Can you play call of duty on it?
I'm sold.  You can hook up a keyboard and a mouse.  Basically you're getting a gaming PC for 600 bucks.
Coming back to this video half a year later. We’re almost here everyone. Just a few more days and the first shipments will go out. I’m in the Q2+ area, so it’ll still be a while, but I’m as excited as ever!
Now all they have to do... is make it where you can play all consoles. Just imagine playing PS, Xbox, Switch, and PC games in 1 handheld. My wife would make me buy another one for her lol 😆.  Our kids would divorce us hahaha 😆!
can we play dota 2??
Soon
Valve... Please bring green color, purple color, pink color and orange color. Also a retro theme model.
how to dock it to a pc or a tv tho
Are the games free
So.... A Switch that is also a computer?
Could us install Android OS in it? Or install bluestack? Anyone knows?
valve is the best company. hands down
Can you play wow on it?
650$ for playing Portal2?
But can you download games? And can you play offline? If that works, I’ll definitely buy it!
Unfortunate no o-led screen
What is the game at 5:57
Can it play split screen like Nintendo handheld that would be a great emulation
Can’t wait to play Skyrim on this
Interesting how you always showed games like "Jedi Fallen Order", "Control" or "Death Stranding in the menu, but only showed gameplay of the less demanding games...
Ign reviews are just ads
Hopefully this can be solution with people cant afford high end pc...  And how about the Triple A games, from the preview is only old games..
Get $64gb model then a 2tb micro USB hd order from China with 2 month delivery on the low
How do you play dota here tho?
It's the "arcade version" to a pc,your welcome.
This is going to be huge not only for you know avid gamers but for game designer and industry just imagine the use for this device when designing a game you don't always have to be you know there in your cubicle like this is going to boost morale boost creativity like this is freaking genius
Dang touch screen joysticks mouse pads multiple triggers the hardware to back it up like Nintendo better watch out steam is coming for you
This may be awesome for a few months but next year games will make this irrelevant.
If it's a PC that feels like a console, with hardware that can offer a modern gaming experience then surely it's going to be a success.  Valve/Steam tend to do things well but this is for sure going to be a miracle if it isn't a gigantic flop. When we're charging exorbitant price increases for storage space, we see a ripoff coming our way.
Oh cool the Nintendo Swicth Lite
Funny thing is with all the mobile advancements and the shift were seeing from the big 3, these this will be obsolete in no time. Unless you've got money to blow, or a job related reason to have it being an early adopter IMO is never a wise decision. I'll wait to see what at least v2.0 has in comparison.
This really needs Nvidia DLSS, that would have made this an actual useful device. Why do these companies go with garbage AMD graphic cards. They are so behind
Reserved, just waiting for release.
Apple: don't change our device parts we will sue you Steam: haha deck go brrrrrrrr
I'm buying this as my next PC.
The dude on the right looks like a Great Value Elon Musk 👀
Built in thumbsticks when you get drift buy a whole new console🤣😭🤣😭😭😭😭
How to buy steam deck?
Battery life?
So are the games going to be downloaded into it or it runs thru wifi like stadia ?
I’d like to plant a flag here.   Mark my words: This won’t sell. It will seem really impressive in these hands on previews, it will “out do” Nintendo on graphics, power, inputs, and so on. On paper this will seem like the better device.   People will think this is a portable PC and won’t buy it.   Sure there will be buzz when it released, but that will fade.   Nintendo will continue to dominate the hand held space.
And last but not least remember these are selling points until there's real world application AKA until we have these things in our hands and actually playing them we won't know the pitfalls or the hurdles surrounding the device
Definitely buying it on launch.
It’s a great product for gamers who can’t afford a gaming desktop or laptop, but the price is a bit too expensive, especially for the storage🤔
Will apex legends be on there and Fortnite
Can it run GTA 😂
Wonder if this gonna go down just like the ouya
This will go one of two ways...Optimistically, 1- it will open up the PC market to more gamers who can't have or don't want a gaming PC, but want access to the Steam library or PC gamers that want portability; OR 2- Realistically, it will be a small portion of the already smaller (but admittedly growing) PC market and it will be a niche product. My vote goes to the latter.  Imho, the only 'Switch killer' will be the Switch Pro/Switch 2 or if Sony decides to get back into the portable gaming hardware scene, which is unlikely they would ever produce another dedicated portable device after the Vita debacle.
The thing is literally mad overpowered
Gabe Newell has done it again
6:37 elon musk takes part in this inovation, no wonder steamdeck so soo pawefooool !!!!
If only this had an oled screen it would be perfect
Bye ps5, I'm gonna buy this amazing device
They didn't mention that SteamOS is based on Arch Linux and the KDE desktop environment...
When is the Release Date ? Would love to be able to play SQUAD and ARMA on something like this.
So GTA 5 ON HANDHELD DEVICE?????
Eh, don't plan on getting this.
hope you can us your pc to load games on the deck frome window steam a tap or somthing make games faster two load on the deck to save data
Just reserved todayyy
Waiting for switch 2
NEED IT
8:12 CAP 🧢
I’m going to hop off my dinosaur and say “but can it play crysis”
Plot twist thr expansion memory card slot is only for saved games only
The fact it is a PC, you can host your crypto wallets!?
Eroges on the go is a dream come true.
If only Valve supported their games properly
Does Guild Wars 2 support this ?
Does it run guild wars 2?
very impressive
This is the true PC 2
iwouldn't buy this version. We all know they will comeout in the future with a bigger screen, or removing those black vesels.
Can this use ubisoft connect and Xbox game launcher for gamepass on pc?
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For UK, it seems like 2022 Q2, is it still happening Dec 2021? or postponed?
Lets see COD Vanguard on full spec 🤔🥱
Not one upto date AAA Game with 60fps tested 🥱 720p 🤣
finally, the portable pc
But does it play WoW?!
This will go nowhere.
Nintendo: exits chat...
Tks steam for make my christmas happy again
but do the triggers click?
Me interesting was working mordhau by steam Deck??))
Useless without a Lan cable
Dude crap review!  You didn't mention the top end has a anti glare screen.  You said all same excluding storage.   Dont trust this guy.
They should have called it the PC 2
That's how you make a hand-held console
The guy on the right talking about the steam deck looks like Elon Musk before he had billions.
Can we access EGS to do the same? My library more prominent there
it's like the nintendo switch we got looked like this but it's blue and red
im sold, getting it on day one imagine playing elden ring on the go😱
start of a new era again
Looks like I'll probably grab one of these since that twat Jim Ryan is putting all ps games on pc.
The best part in an interview is always the devs looking at each other while talking
The balding guy looks like Elon Musk's long lost brother
Wow this is next level stuff 😀
Calling it the Steam Deck comes with Half Life 3 preloaded
The steam deck will not gain any popularity, it looks too similar to the alienware ufo and every other Chinese knockoff clone handheld on the market, the steam link, the steam boxes and the steam controllers have all failed, why should this succeed.
Will it be able to play everygame from steam or will it have a some in your library not work?
Really hope they don't make thr d pad MORE clicky.
Next 4k HDR screen $899 take my money
Shouldve made it a cell phone to so you don't always need wifi
the developer looks like elon musk
Why is no one talking about the cooling?
My video card died so ill end up having to buy this thing to continue gaming
Booo stop talking
This feels like a flop coming this December... 🤷‍♂️
can we play games in local multiplayer without internet or online?🤔
sooo its cheaper buying this than a gamer notebook?
Portal
720p at medium settings   EWWWWWWW
Now the fun part is actually getting your hands on it when it's released. I'm sure this will be online only but should only be sold per verified steam ID.
Cheers, Valve!
Too bad it's not 4k or even 1080
인디게임 말고 오픈월드로 빡센거 돌려봐라 싸맞기전에 ㅋ
amgonnabuyone
So badass
Oh its pc! Pirated games incoming...
So you can put discord on it ?
This may end up being one of the best handhelds ever....
Cant wait to play psp games on this lol
4:28 what game is that pls
"Silly plumber, Switch is for kids"
There is no point in the cheapest model You could save like 1 big game
This is amazing
Im buyin one of these, ima be gettin the mid range steam deck
This price is better than most up Apple Products
Expected order availability: After Q2 2022, lol.  According to the web site people will be waiting a LONGGGGGGGGG time for it!
India
When will these companies learn about the bezel we don’t want them they are pointless to even be there.
not worth it. period.
Can't wait to get my hands on this!
I'm so impatiently waiting for this 😪 like every couple weeks I'll see if any new videos have come out with steam deck gameplay or something.
wouldn't they be losing money because I'm pretty sure it costs a lot more than that to make a steam deck
But will it run Ark?
So I'm confused my phone can do 1080 p but Nintendo switch an this is stuck at 720 p 🤔
Can you use a wireless mouse and keyboard with the handheld? If so, I'm sold.
This or Aya Neo ?
Wouldn't it be a great idea if there's a lite version of this thing without the mouse pads or whatever those things are called so that they can save cost.
steam machine 2.0, will go the same way lul
Even Death Stranding working on this miracle of technology? With 60 FPS?
Dont see the point of the more expensive models. Just buy the cheapest and get a 2TB sd card.
720p, about same power as my gtx 1050ti laptop. Thats not that exciting tbh. Although a pick up and play system like Switch would allow me to get through my Steam backlog quicker.
wish it had a tv mode
Are all pc games handheld friendly?
It’s gonna be impossible to get like everything else
it's a low-cost-airline under-the-seat-bag friendly gaming device. They should bundle it in the ryanair checkout process.
This is going to be our generations gameboy
Google stadia is crying.
Its next gen gaming in a handheld. It is designed for pc games in a handheld. It can be a standalone pc with a docking station. How much you wanna bet that the quest 2 is involved in this.
Wonder how dota 2 will work
Mrio and Zelda should can be playble for pc legally with out looking for rooms and emulators
Этой штуке надо добавить сзади 2 USB порта, для возможности подключать клавиатуру и мышь чтоб оно стало топ универсально и это будет хит епт!)
Can you even install Death Stranding on the 64 GB model??
The guy on the left sitting/staring awkwardly while the other guy is talking is so relatable lol
NOT AVAILABLE ANYWHERE.
Heavy is ready to play team Forrest 2
Why?! 7:47
fnaf world on the go!!!!!!!!!! !!!
Make it a desktop and sell it for $300.
The guy on the right looks like a pre-hair-plug Elon Musk
I'm curious on how you play dota in this game
Technology has come so far. I'm completely in awe of this!!
Wow these guys are my heros!
1.9k dislikes from salty nintoddlers
What’s the average battery life tho
I'm going to buy this then buying new GPU.
India
love my deck…. way better then switch
Can you play forza on this
And? Booooooooo
Security?
That IGN guy with a huge Steam library: Me with under 50 dollar budget:
I'm so HYPE for this
Better than switch? Not legally but yes 😂
This is like an alternate reality where Elon Musk works at Valve.
Do they deliver internationally? Please say yes 🙏
What's the game at 5:55? Looks cool!!
The base unit will be the perfect Switch alternative to play indie games.
Yeah that's cool and all, but what about Crysis
Gonna buy it
Can it run MICROSOFT POWERPOINT ETC or just only for games?
Who's just looking for Linus in the background with his heat gun and LDAT setup
But really tho , 0:40 no one will ask why he played with inverted y axis ?
Pc gaming on a chunky monitor is done
Steam deck is perfect for Xbox ultimate game pass!
Steam deck can do what nintendon't!
Не показали что с экраном. Он сенсорный? Лучше бы сделали таким, а то как быстро печатать?  А с кнопками что? За что отвечают кнопки вверху?  Лучше бы сделали на линуксе. Так бы нехидо подняли сообщество. Вот только игровых бунтов нам сейчас нехватало)
Well, valve really did it while some people still die trying to run games on a raspberry pi.
cant wait for the "hydro dipping a valve steam deck" video
Hope this one does not drift
Kinda cool. Handheld Gaming PC.
ONE DOUBT PLEASE REPLY IS IT LIKE WE DONT WANT CPU IF WE HAVE STEAM DECK?.CAN WE JUST ATTACH MONITOR MOUSE AND KEYBOARD AND IT WILL WORK AS A PC???
What’s the battery life on this?
pierre looked scared asl when interviwed xD
I'm really happy to see real handheld  devices not like the joke frome Nintendo
finally the switch pro
Playstation Vita 2.0
Literally excited. Can't wait
screen is diff on the most expensive
Petition to call it PCP
Well bye switch. Wouldn't need you anymore except for Nintendo titles.
Imagine if the screen can be moved like  Acer's Concept D 7 , revealing a Psion/ GeminiPDA like keyboard.   That would let you   1) take full advantage of the "Generic PC style config"  of the console 2) Let you adjust screen angle 3) Flip the screen to protect it
I’m gonna pick one up this weekend 👍👍
TAKE MY MONEY!!!
Guys... Imagine vr with it.
gamers: we want new competition in the market! valve: helo
Will the new Age of Empires game be playable on this?
🖕you Nintendo
They should call it the Hobbs switch! Or whatever a steam powered switch is called :)
Hopefully it isnt as uncomfortable as it looks
Im excited to play MUCK on the steam deck
So now you can play games on your way from your desktop PC to your laptop in the other room. Wonderful!
make it half the size and it will sell
Bro remember a GAME GEAR lmao
Man how is this not 1000$ lol
All this and we still dont got left 4 dead 3 and half life 3 it seems 2 is as far they can count
This is literally a Nintendo Switch combined with a PC
Portable Gmod: My time has come
720p no thanks
Can we play offline
The Wii U gamepad Elite
Definitely buying this.
His voice makes my throat dry asf
Make ps vita 2
oh yeah tf2 on the go
How about heat?
that's a big deck.u got there
720 p res is kinda disappointing since many smartphones have full hd
it reminded me of Sony Vaio UX Micro PC
Batocera OS on a USB Drive and you have the perfect Retro-Handheld as well. Very exciting.
cant wait for the steam deck 3
This so going to fail🤣 what is the idea? To play PC games on go? PC gamers dont want to play on go🤣 and people who want to play on go have Nintendo or xbox gamepass...
L for using XYAB and not ASWD which would’ve been cool
The waiting for PC 2 has paired off
finally, PC 2 is here
How it can able to run Windows games? is it any emulation technology like Apple's Rosetta running games in VM?
It's about time... PC and Console gamers come together under one name... The Steam Deck
will league of legends and valorant will be there?
awesome, already reserved! we no more need pc
@Valve:Please show some Doom Eternal Gameplay... Not sure if it's playable enough for me.
720p lmfao
Can it mine Crypto
this is impossible hes a video game journalist, but he owns doom eternal
Valve are merging pc and console gaming markets. The more they port console games to pc, the more they will want to port more console games, they sell incredibly well on pc and have higher profit margins, they won't be able to resist that pc gaming money.
Sold!!!!!!!!
Why is no one reviewing the D-pad...? how does it feels with the D-pad ?
Is it runs old games like left 4 dead 1-2. day of defeat. team fortress 2. gmod. And many other old games? Because my library are based on my 2002 pc with AMD Athlon 2 x2 nvidia geforce 7025 nforce 630a 1gb.
Ah yes, Pc 2
Looks fuckin massive
Its literally just a nintendo+ps5+mobile
Nintendo switch is in big trouble😳 Im already ditchin mine, can’t wait for this bad-boy!!!!
What’s gounna stop me from buying a 3rd party ssd card
Tell me how is playing csgo in steam deck
40 fps and 720 yikes
this is everything i’ve ever wanted
اللهم صل وسلم على نبينا محمد وعلى آله وصحبه أجمعين ❤️🕋🕋
the biggest Achilles heel of this device will be the size of pc games. If you buy the 65gb model then you will only be able to install 1 maybe 2 AAA games on it before the storage is full. "can this device play gta 5?" sure but that's all you will be able to fit on it.
1:59 the elon musk, *jimmy neutron version.*
storage is ridiculously small.  My steam account has 2tb of stuff, 4x the high priced model.  Forget 64gb that is laughable...
Now release half life 3 as a steam deck exclusive and you have 90% of the gamers in the world buying this thing.
Does it mean that we will finally be able to play Max Payne games handheld with better controls :O
This looks sick!
we want our csgo skin eco system fixed.
4:29 game’s name?
This is pretty sweet
My only question:  what kind of screws hold this thing together?
Is gta coming to it?
Finally, PC2
The REAL question is .... WHY doesn't this handheld have an Aperture Laboratories logo on it somewhere?
Imagine Steam Deck becomes so successful that Valve has to make Steam Deck 2 and... THREE
This is sooo cool your allowed to install different os unlike nintendo switch you need to do dumb things just to get android os
So.. what if you were playing battlefront 2 on an airplane. Suddenly, everyone hears a clone shouting *”WATCH THOSE WRIST ROCKETS”*
🎮
WHY ISN'T EVERYONE IN THE WORLD TAKING ABOUT THIS !!! IT'S JUST AWESOME !!
The better version of ps vita
Funny how all “Nah you can’t play fps games on a console with gamepad - get a pc!” People are now goin to see that THIS thing is the future✌🏻
can u mine BTC ?
This isn’t the Switch Pro… This is the WII U GamePad Pro!!!
My major concern is that it will take a year after launch to actually get it.
this will shake the market
Notice how when it’s docked it was playing a easy to run rts
عراق
Lit af
If you get one of these there's no need for a PS5 or Xbox
The guy on the right reminds me of Elon Musk in the way he talks.
Will it run dolphin emulator/ slippi for GameCube games ? If so I’m about to put my switch on offer up and get one of these
But can it play Cyberbug 2077?!
64gb model? what can you play on that? minecraft? you cant play all the other nice games. gta, skyrim, witcher, cyberpunk, ark... they all need up to 100gb
what is this for a sorcery!?! steamOS able to play windows AND linux games without any problem from factory ?!?!!??!?!!?!?!?!?!??!? woooow
No king, Rules Forever.
This thing is going to be a emulation BEAST ps2 on the go baby
What the point of 64gb when most heavy game have 40gb+
When is this going to be Realese World wide
Can this stuff run WoW??
Simplified: Mini iPad with controllers and a computer Os or Switch for computer
Did y'all notice bald Elon musk 2:00 😂
This is what Nintendo switch oled should have been.
I'll play the first two Half life games when 3 comes out after the steam decks success.
Might actually consider buying this.
Hopefully this will change Nintendo's mind. And give them something to compete against. And hopefully it's not a flop.
All consoles use Amd, to have the best, you should use the best at your disposal.
so theoretically by installing windows we can also play the xbox360/ps3 era games right?? like Arkham city,Fallout new vegas etc
Yes but, what about battery life?
can you use it for cad lol
This will be my first PC
gTa?
Will this be able to fallout 3 and other ps3 games?
Shut up and take my money!
Year of the the Linux desktop? 😅
one question  can it run crysis
Bo3 modded zombies on this while on the road
Nintendo is sweating by now
No one talking about its potential as a Drone Controller.
Finally on the go
What resolution can you play on the monitor ?
Nintendo is finally getting what they deserve for their shitty Nintendo online games and joy cons.
Question: does it include trainz 2019?
imma flip out
can it run fortnite at 120fps ? if no then ...
I'm selling my switch asap, who needs it when you can save for this and play any games with emulators!
Can you partition the drive and have 2 os?
Could this replace a laptop?
This is the best console of 2021
That is so awesome.
Steam Deck + YUZU = Switch Pro
Can it it play valves hit First person computer game team fortress 2 from 2007?
im from India,,a poor Pc gamer so my big question is ,how long it will last, coz even Laptops cant afford gaming, within  a year heating kills it. hope some experts will provide answers,or just buy it every early.
This thing can play GTA5 or 6 in the future?
Oh man, those triggers sure look like analog to me! Could be wrong here, but I'm crazy excited for this beast of a handheld, definitely feeling turned on to PC gaming for the first time in my life, but if those triggers aren't digital, this will be the PERFECT device! Still upset about the Switch having digital triggers lol
If this thing becomes a hit It'd be only a matter of time before they make a ps5/xbox killer. And I'll be waiting with my money in hand.
Coğrafya :(
Will it support utorrent???😌😌
Me wanting to jam on Space Engine and Universe Sandbox🙂
How well does it play MCC?
haha, linux gaming. 10 years ago this was an oxymoron. today, we use it for a gaming console.
I'm buying it
Wenn meine ps4 pro schon Probleme mit control hat ich weiß nicht ob das so nice für den ist
the display quality looks like something from  2010
nintendo makes switch oled  steam deck: ima bout to end this mans whole career
Is it cellularly capable?
And it runs on Linux btw !! Yay Linux , yay steam os !!!
These new "Deck" type consoles look great!
Can you play genshin impact on it?
Shut up and take my money
64 gigs for $400 what a joke 😂
HE USES INVERTED CONTROLS!!!!
Lowkey going to do well in the computer market as well. At only $650 for the 512GB it starts out competing some budget and high end laptops.
World of warcraft classic mobile?
6:39 Wait why is literally no one talking about how they just said the steam deck supports ray tracing???
Alr
Will the ability to share your gameplay with Steam friends finally be added to Linux now? :DD
its actually affordable versus any handheld pc i've ever seen. this is the one i'll definitely be getting.
Can't wait to play elden ring in this console
Steam Deck : Administrator  Nintendo Switch : User
Mobile phones: our time has come to an end
Hell yeah my dudes.
If this plays Ark and RDR2 seamlessly I’m 100% down!!
PSP2
First google stadia now this
extra electric bill
This can be so big if they do right kind of marketing.
Thumbing down pc games
Aah. so this is what they were doing instead of making half life 3.
If it can play Gary Grigsby's War in the East 2, I'm in
It's like a PC had a baby with a switch.
This is honestly an awesome piece of hardware. You can install whatever OS you like or anything else on it, it connects to a monitor and basically becomes a pc, it's pretty darn powerful if recent pc titles are playable on it on medium settings and it's cheap considering you can just grab the base model for 400$ and get like an extra 64gb sd card or more for extra storage.  A mobile gaming pc with a lot of freedom slightly larger than a switch. A console and a pc at the same time. Valve has some awesome ideas.
Cost?
Wish it didn't have the screen border other than that It looks amazing
people who want to mod this imagine. you have a dock with a hard drive. with boot priority. you put it on the deck and reboot and bam pc. pull it off reboot and back to handheld mode. the pc2 is here
Can’t wait till they come out preordered the 512 gb variant.  Wished they had a 2 tb option
Now nitendo need Microsoft Game pass to counter this.
Will this allow any Windows program to be installed like a Gog installer?
Reminds me of the sega game gear
You can always get Kontrol Freaks for the thumb sticks
FIFA ?
Are the joysticks replaceable?
Not sure why anyone would actually value the opinion of IGN or any of their employees.
Sooo this kinda solved my dilemma to buy a Mac or a PC. Honestly just want a PC for the gaming. Final setup will be this, a MacBook Pro, and an external display.
Can it play Call of Duty? BF4?
The price though
At release it will be fast and performant. How many months will it take before it becomes sluggish because games system requirements have outgrown the Steam Deck's hardware?
Looks like a switch
ok hear me out. steam deck and quest 2
It would be more awesome if it could Bluetooth a PlayStation or Xbox controller 👌🏽
That dude looks like Elon Musk Lite
But can it run crysis?
Linux?
play eft？
Шумит или нет?)
Yeaaaaas
Can this console conect a pad??
I’m so hyped for this 😱 I’m definitely getting this.
Hopefully it can be displayed on tablet... so it can be more mobile and also can be displayed on bigger screen...
It’s cool to think that the PSVita walked, so that the Switch could run, so that the Steam Deck could sprint.
Could you play cracked games?
Looks like a sega nomad no joke
frames ?
este producto no es para llevarlo de viaje aeropuertos como México Df donde te piden tu maleta y te digan ahí puedes tomar tu maleta porque tu Steam Deck cuando abras tu maleta se lo robaron y ya no está alli
So did you experience drift? That’s all we gamers need to know for now.
Can it run Crisis though?
Well this is the game changer for PC and Console the time is come future is born. Mark my worlds.
£1000 ? They must be joking
Imagine playing emulators on this <3
Can somebody tell me how the storage works bc on ps4 cod modern warfare it like 250 gb are these steam games different like they are smaller like Xbox 360 days
Mobility and versatility is the future of gaming. Then again, keep expectations low and the prices lower.
isn't the screen bezel is too thick for 2021?
In-line, like the PlayStation, not of set like those who compromise for Xbox
Pre ordered the 512gb edition
What is the 2D game being demoed in the video?!
this is the nintendo switch lite
This video has made my mind up I'm pre-ordering one now
Imagine playing CS:GO with your steam deck on an airplane. And everyone hears “bomb has been planted”
Mods?
While docked it can max out At 4 K 120  fps and even push 8 k 60 fps 🌚 only docked ok!
Nintendo would regret so badly NOT listening to gamers, if the steam deck delivered their promises at 399, it would put any console in to absolute submision,
It's a dream come true.
This is why we're never getting Half-Life 3
This is game changing. Literally.
Hmm.. with windows you can also have your play anywhere titles nice.
Lets gooooo
Me breathes*....  Finally pc 2
HANDheld.... 😂😂😂
Who all preordered? Can’t wait!!!
Next PS5 killer pls
But they're showing off portal and hades yeah they showed seconds on control but still show us what it can really do
This is seriously so amazing. I'm getting one fore sure. Love my switch but may get sold
My history tells me when a rewiever say everything about a product is perfect then there is something wrong with the product
You cannot buy this. They won't be able to produce it in the right quantities. The line of pre-orders has already gone into the second half of 2022.  Consider you are being advertised for nothing.
Does it have lord gabe's face as a screen saver?
Deck > Switch OLED
Instead of TF3, L4D3, HL3, we get this.. 🤯
All buttons and stickcs, touchpad should be a modules parts, to easy change when broken.
Great hardware, luv it! ❤️
Will it run crysis
Besides the name: yes.
At 400$ bucks this will be the definition of "on a budget"
Thumbnail was a woman’s hands. They know how to pull the views.
100% gaurenteed Nintendo ain’t happy 😃
1,800 dislikes must be all Nintendo switch fans. This console looks amazing definitely going to pre order one.
Imagine 90 years from now people watching this and said that spec is so low
Boys. We finally have it. PC 2.
Can we play it on smart TV with keyboard and mouse???
can't wait to start docking
Take my money!
The worst company IGN
Does the performance get better while docked to a Monitor or nah
we've peaked as a society. The portability of the switch, and access to pc games
Nintendo: “charge $60 per game.” Steam Deck: “Steam sales go brrr!”
It’s crazy how bad the switch is in comparison
Damn, so jealous of people who can buy it
This thing is massive... its shoulder width for the guy in dark blue. Is it really more portable than a laptop (can be carried in a bag but not a pocket)?
Will you want antivirus on this?
Legit a budget pc
AMD = NEVER BUY!!
The steam Controller got sx with the switch
They start taking about performance while playing Portal.
Will it be able to run COD or GTA ? 🤔
How would this run cod tho
VALVE LOOKING AT THE CONSOLE WARS: "Tiny pathetic children."
But this graphic is low
That’s it I’m buying it hands down.
What’s the frame rate look like though that’s my question
Yeah how to seal steam deck let's just and as half life 3 no give in 10 years
Are the graphics the same on the deck as pc?
Scalpers: *breathing intensifies*
How powerful is device ? Is it weaker,on par or more powerful than a PS4?
When docked or connected to a monitor does it remain at 720p? Or does it bump up to 1080?
2 TFLOPS if he's referring to fp32 puts it about on the level of the GTX 1050 ti, which might not sound impressive but considering it's a cute little handheld that's not so bad at all.
Wow!
Looks cool but does it provide
Oh neat!!  So.. uh... Got anymore of that Half-Life content?
But it has no Mario
Rather buy this than PewDiePie's chair
Finally a handheld that can run something worthwhile
Just a reminder that this thing has USB-C so you can hook up eGPU to it and play with highest settings on your 4K monitor.
Nintendo: releases Nintendo Switch OLED-model fans: sad noises and disappointment  Valve: releases the Steam Deck  fans: happy noises  Nintendo: *You weren‘t supposed to do that*
Can it run Half-Life 3 ?
the people who will buy this won't even leave their houses
Test mortal online 2 if it plays I’ll buy in to it today lol
If it will play mortal online 2 I’ll buy it
notice the hardware not final watermark. ggwp hype train
Waiting on HL3
Whats with these guys refusing to say Linux? It runs Linux.
It's a little bit genius to aim for a portable. Lets them use 1080-geared components for a 720 screen.
I'm a little upset that they don't specify what any of the extra stuff is like the "exclusive" carrying case, or what the specific difference in speed of any of the models
This is awesome!!
Can you play cold war or warzone
... what?
Does anyone know the specifications and what the frame rate are at?
Give up on your dreams they said. PC 2 will never come they said
GPD win 3 is better.
This thing is gonna sell DOZENS!
Steam has declared war on gaming xbox and playstation need to get into the portable market if they want to keep up because this thing is a home and portable console, has most xbox and playstation games, and is a PC
Hyped for this but what happenes when you inevitability get stick drift? Send it back or bend over? Or both.
Imagine if it has cellular capability then we wouldnt have to depend on wifi as well. It will literally be a portable pc
As we all know the battery life is 2-8 hours. What about the charging time?
Lag ?
basically SteamOS is Linux-based so it means we can play emulated PS2 games in it too
Can We Games From Netboom or Stadia on The Steam Deck or Does It Just Play Games From Steam ?
It’s time to play the souls series again but on the go
Can you install third party pc stuff like discord?
LED screen? switch OLED screen looks cleaner...but might perform worse in sunlight
Cannit run windows?
this is ganna kill switch
It a pc console you can't remove and exchange any of the hardware. Aren't you locked into configuration limited by the hardware on the system? Like with an Xbox, Playstation and Switch?
İf this come to Turkey, it will be 5000 TL + Taxes 10000 TL
Dear Valve, please ensure *replacable joycons* ! Joycons drift after few months, and if we have to return the whole thing, you will get a  horrible reputation.
Gmod on steam deck?
How much will this retail for
So, time to be prepare for the "Out of stock" message?
The switch is still gonna be better
Thank you so much Gabe
This is a MAJOR step for handheld gaming! Cheers to Valve for finally, after all these memes, bringing us the highly anticipated Pc 2 we've all been waiting for!
Literally only Xbox has offset sticks rofl not ‘nearly all’
Do wish people would stop using Teraflops as a measure of performance it means zero in gaming , dosent really tell us anything at all
Bout to sell my switch at this point lmao
Skyrim mod on the go?   Yes
When will launch in india
anyone knows if dota2 can play on this gadget???
jajajaj patetico ya no saben queninventar si quieronjugar en consola prendo la play quiero jugar en pc y bueno que al pedoooooooo
deffo buying this
PsVita kecepetan pensiun kyanya nih.. 😁
Yeah but can you play Minecraft?
in 2025 : Steam Deck for mining
Busy friend 25
only problem: is expensive
This is great news for non fps gamers like apex cod and others
this deck is pretty small...
So its a laptop?
can it run crysis?
By hook or by crook.. ill get these
You bastards I'm in, take my money
For me the only downside is gonna be the storage. Its alredy bluky. Why not make it a bit more bulkier by making the storage user upgradeable in form of ssd.
Woow
the console war has just ended
if we can Access Epicgames can we play Genshin impact ?
Omg take my Money
Will it play gta  5 ?
Me: Googles "Steam Deck"  My Google: "Did you mean Stream Deck?
it's OK 10/10 /ign
Yes a "hands on" they just did a close conference again
*valve with random crits*
Imagine showing this to a person playing a gameboy in the 90s
Can we instal android games on it such as Black desert mobile
Can you play android games?
Damn Game Gear is making a comeback 😳
Cant wait to install windows 11 on this deck
would this thing buy warhammer tw3? crazy
thank u ;; omg this is so awesome
But can it run Cyberpunk??
the Nintendo killer
Dang dude. I've never been a PC gamer but this might take the cake as the best gaming device ever created.
f word
He looked like Elon Musk
When Nintendo doesn't make the Switch Pro...  Valve: "Hold my beer..."
"Yo bro, you play console or PC?"  "yes....."
Can't wait to play hogwarts legacy on this
Valve for the love of Jesus release Half-Life 3 already!
Wait so can we get emulators to work on it?
what game is, 4:23?
A PC ain't a PC without mous an keyboard
Professor: "Put your game system away."     Me: *Taking notes on Microsoft Word.*
Dota2 on the go?
Such shame finally we getting RDNA Based APU but its only in handheld console
Valve is awesome they literally invite you to wipe their program as long as your buying and using steam and they are taking a loss to grow a dominated platform
Finally we are going into palmtop time!!
I've been waiting something for this since the PSP
only 400 wow
can't wait Valve to kill this project in a year
Take my money
Why are there nintendo youtubers bashing this console?its  Literally the most advanced switch you could have 😂
Will it run 1080 it its run to a tv
4k gaming? Vr capable? $400? Yeah, right...
Me : shut up and just take my money Wallet : what money?
just ship it exclusively with Half Life 3 and it'll sell millions
dude looks like elon musk lol
The tedious napkin cephalometrically stretch because whorl bareilly suppose near a decorous latency. watery, green grey grieving mini-skirt
What game is that at 6:00?
If you can play Control and death stranding this puts it somewhere at a gtx 1050 ~ 1060 which would make perfect sense seeing those cards are the most used according to steam surveys.
Corre el gachalife?
1:43 why he kinda looks like Elon Musk???
Can it play team fortress classic?
The big question is, will it play rust?
Roda freefire
Please valve could we please get another portal game please
Damn almost every modern emulator is going to take advantage of this
Hi АмЕрИкОсЫ и дадова свем русским, украинцам и т. д.
can you play pc games on it? or it has separate platform?
Handheld pc what what whattttt
Meh
So, the base model is $399. But it's $250 more for a $75 512Gb NVMe drive? I'll pass. For $649, it should be a $130 1Tb NVMe driver. And they'd still be asking $120 more than it's worth.
Currently out of stock.
Homebrew when?
bbbbUUUUt an it earn Etherium and Bitcoins?  ~_~   hope not <3
Installing Epic store and playing million of free games.... You could do that. Just sayin...
HOW DOES IT WORK
6:19 - 6:28 Understood 👍...   After that?    Me: "🗿 *Terrafwop?* "
So can this play counter Strike?
i'd sweat like that to talking to a chad like Bow More.
Lol did no one tell Valve about the ongoing chip shortage?
So getting one
720p ...nah fam I'll pass.
Storage can be upgraded, Valve has confirmed.
Is that painting on the top left Willow from Don't Starve?
5:55 What Game is this?
Awesome, but Death Stranding on the monitor looked kinda rough.
why do they all behave like nobody would own already a pc at home ? it will not destroy the switch in any way.
Nintendo should SUE! The whole docking and switching is a Nintendo idea
Tf2?
AKA Portable Cleveland Steam Box
It looks uncomfortable hand grip wise. All the buttons are at the top. Seems bad for people with small hands
nintendo: announces OLED switch OLED switch preorders: *Going up* Valve: Announces the Steam deck OLED switch preorders: *Dying noises*
Display is stil like mirror... hate that
This is a huge win for people (like me) who are fans of the handheld gaming design 😮 Let’s go! 🏆
What happened to stadia?
What game is that @4:04?
*just pre-ordered the 256GB one...hopefully mine ships out in december*
Half Life featured on the shelves...Half Life 3 confirmed!
So freaking excited!!! 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
way overpriced
Valve, stop bullshiting around and give us Half Life 3!
Modded Skyrim on the toilet... take my money
Is that a little dude or a massive device?
Aaaaaand its not available in my country yet.
So this is a…Console PC😂🥰
The Switch people are salty right now.
3:42 guy on the left awkward looks
Imagine this thing drop to the floor
Questions: 1. Battery life/running hours? 2. Does the system heat up (how hot) during long use?
Na pc better sorry
2021 Gamegear
Want it the sell make it VR compatible so then you can put it in your pocket when you play vr games and dont have to worry about the cord
till we get half life 3 piss on valve
Valve please make this available this in India
Both Valve employees are so clear and really straightforward when they explain the philosophy behind the deck and their work on it in general. Kudos
wow.. this looks awesome.
being able to play terraria or tf2 on ur couch or toilet is one big powermove
The begining on the end for xbox and Sony
Finally PC 2 is a thing
This is what the Nvidia shield portable should've been.
OKK
Factorio s2 s2
no Brasil, por menos de 5000 nao compra.
The 64GB is NOT SSD. it's eMMC
how's the temperature and battery life?
I'm impressed and that is rare.
Genius idea but it needs to be more powerful and faster than 60hz. Lulz. Ill stick with smartphone gaming until they make a real baby.
This actually looks amazing
move back from the mic when reading your script. it feels like your tongue is in my ear
wow all the games are running on sd card lol
Thank you capitalism
Wow wtf hopefully this is a success 🤯
Bad design. ..screen  is too small
Launched this holiday, sold out till holiday 2023.. 😏
the size is a bit awkward
Waiting for the second gen
If people know could you answer this will u need a pc to install games?
Steam Deck > Nintendo Switch
So can this run beamng?
Which game is that at 04:29 ?
Question is can it play ark: survival evolved without melting or lag?
Dang. That's tons of profit for Valve!
Nintendo switch has left the chat
PCP (PC Portable)
7:58 Hoping Steam Deck Gen2 somewhere in the future,  instead of upgrading with SD Card, should be able to plug in with existing external SSD/HDD/SSHD installed Steam game that able to bring on the go. Plug and play function. Just an idea.
7:28 That lowest should be 128GB instead of 64GB, so not worth it to get in comparison to the price range while a big difference in storage capacity.
Well.. there goes my life😒👍
5:08 Yet many players had lost their save game when by default was cloud sync their save game into the cloud, every time this issue occurred, moderators and veteran players need to advise new players to disable the Steam Cloud Save feature. The game in question is Medieval Dynasty. How about fixing the Cloud Save before jumping to the external device.
imagine this being your first "gameboy". *cries*
This is great but why are the control sticks at the top
My only issue is the storage space. 64 GB? That's like a total of 3 modern games lol. Unless I'm missing something and installing games on the Steam Deck requires a lot less storage space.
Screen looks small? It's not even full coverage. Very cool though, Nintendo could have done it but they're way too money hungry to straight up drop something specced out.
is there only 1 usb c port for charging and docking ? or is there any port for charging coz in the video mostly show only 1 port .
What’s the price
This is the future, Im sad it will come to Brazil with crazy prices because this price looks sweet. Everything arrives here 5x pricier
Glad that finally someone is stepping up to the plate to do what Nintendo couldn’t. Like the old saying goes “never send a boy to do a mans job”
WE'RE BRINGING BACK LAN PARTY'S, BOIZ
The price is really cheap. Are there any laptops with better specs that are even cheaper BNIB?
I'm sure people will be fine with the Wii U stick layout. ;D
sega
Wasted....nintendo switch is better
Just pre-ordered mine, what a fantastic idea!
Cyberpunk expectations, pt 2
Them side buttons need work but im interested
They are not launching any of the demanding games... hmm...
My Nintendo is crying.
How would cyberpunk run on this baby?
This is already the best handheld console… I’m buying this no matter what!
6:18  when your teacher is looking at you and checking every word you said to catch your mistake.
Wait a minute what is the price 🙄
Whats the game at 4:25?
the guy on the right looks like elon musk if he never got famous
My LORD this looks Godly👌💯😇
Damn Ff14 on the go
please put a cover on that sd card slot
Im selling my recently bought rarely touched nintendo switch for this
Portable Ace Combat 7! (and hopefully 4, 5, and BW!  ((looking at you PCXS2))
*Hopefully this will cause Nintendo to be more innovative and lower their prices since they’re not the only one on the market anymore*
GTA V on a handheld device is a drea
Nintendo disappoint me with the plastic screen
Where are the frame rate test ? Temps test ? this console is a crap
Every man’s wet dream.
will it run warzone?
249 dollars more than the base model for more storage. Seems legit
Can it run Crysis tho?
this is basically a great laptop replacement if you own a monitor or modern TV.
They said "it should be able to" a lot... kinda concerning
ok, but tf2 tho.
World of warcraft?
Spinbot ??
The bald guy was lit out of his mind straight 😳!!!
Please test if gamepass works On it 🙏
Sheesh hope this blows up portable pc gaming is the future
But Stadia streams in 1080p as standard... FOR FREE... Why cough up 100s for this when you can already play on technology that we have now?  You're all crying out to be fleeced 🤦‍♀️
So THIS is the Portable Cleveland Steamer that Gabe Newell mentioned all those years ago…
which game is he playing at 4:25?
So can you install EXE games?
When can we expect release in Australia?
People that hated Switch: 🤔
why does it look so uncomfortable to hold
1:00
Can you use ps4 controller or p5 controller
doing our work for nintendo, thanks valve
can it be used on egpu razer corex chroma with a asus radeon vii or not does it come with egpu support and windows 10
SONY we need a new handheld.
But can it run hla?
Valve just crushed the dreams of all Chinese Handheld Companies
🤔🤔 nice…But the price…
Bro wtf this thing looks amazing. It's like they thought of everything from a consumer POV...
I'll only get the 3rd version of this.
But does it have the joycon drift feature?!?!
Funny, for years been seeing PC players mock console people and portable market gaming.  Switch comes out, a success as both a portable and hybrid console.  2021 PC people, oh we have Valve coming out so awesome and portable. Can't imagine where they got the idea from.😏
Yeah we don't trust you though...let's wait and see.
TF2 on Steam deck?????
trust me... they just show gameplay that not 'crowded' just to show how 'smooth' it is
Im hyped af
Valve just made the nintendo swich pro/2 that we wanted
Honestly shout out to valve. Competition produces greatness while the weak weed themselves out. Maybe finally Nintendo will get it together and stop pimping us for all of our money. $60 for games that were released since launch of the console??? Make it make sense Nintendo!
Ok, IGN, but you got to Gaben and didn't asked THE QUESTION? Yes, you know what I'm talking about: WHERE'S RICOCHET 2? >:(
It should have LTE/5g 😩
We will be able to emulate switch with this thing haha
Need this
So if you hook it up to a 1080 monitor you are playing in 720p and if it plays in 1080 are you getting half the frames?
Yo who wants to buy a switch lite.
Smile! you work for Valve
can at least theABXY and Dpad button made little bigger? looks ain't big enough
Lmao it looks like a Wii U gamepad
Просто вау!
Thank you AMD, for the tec needed to this level of handheld gaming
finally.... after years..... PC 2!!!!!
sea of thieves is gonna be dope on this
So if this device could run windows, then does that mean my PC will be able to run Steam OS?
So… are we hitting at least 60fps?
So it can play gta and red dead online portable? That would be sick
Sega Nomad 2.0
блять на англиском
Can u play online gaming ??
What games can u buy?? X box games or ps5 or the switch?
@jalalbleader
N.switch look a liked?
wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can it run crysis?
The StD. Once you get it. Everyone you play with will get it too.
They use apples trick.. make 64gb to boost 256 gb variant 🤣🤣🤣
Pierre-Loup Griffion... that is French for Rock-Wolf Griffon... nice.
Can it play Cyberpunk 2077 or Forza 4?
yo wait the Micro SD is just open? no flap to protect it? weird choice but other than that this looks insane
That guy, Pierre-Loup (on the left).  His name in French translates to Rock-Wolf or Stone-Wolf.   omg that’s amazing
FINALLY PC 2.0
All hands on deck... Get it? DECK?? 😏😄 Send my check in the mail Valve, because that's your product Tag Line! 😉😉😉
Wouldn’t this just be a console? Bc it’s a handheld console and not a PC
But can it run Minecraft with shaders? /j
Nintendo: We have best portative console, after PSP! Steam: Hold my beer
Finally...
Steam = GOAT
That thing is huge
4:23 name plz
Dotaaaa
Lovely, new portable PC-spec console in these times where people actually.. don't even go out haha
IGN won't probably read this but just a small tip: when reviewing controllers or handhelds, it would be super helpful to have an understanding of how big (or small) the reviewers hands are. Especially when talking about layout and comfort for a handheld gaming device.
forget switch im getting this
ill buy this when it comes as a package deal w/ HalfLife 3
My main complaint is how bulky it looks. Also the price.
These sticks had better not drift
does it run valorant?
As someone who doesn’t have a pc built for gaming I’m very excited for this
Can you upgrade the cheap model with your own NVME ssd?
they just kill console future buyer..ggwp
Pcmr forever yes I'm buying this
if this can run RB6 Siege and the new ESBC game coming out, ill definitely buy this
Elon Musk 1:50
Steam Deck is fine but what about Half-Life 3?
Okay. Valve just slapped Nintendo in the face with this thing. Now it's time to shake their hand with cross play.
It's gonna die undersupported and underutilized with poor sales. Mark my words.
Great review!
portable DOOM? i'm in!
Imagine valve make AAA game exclusive too for this hardware
Learn to meet expectations or get replaced. People are sick of it
What Nintendo did was bull crap. Now they got replaced. HAHA!!
Did they solve the expensive graphic card problem by simply not using it?
The Asian guy has a gun pushed into his back and is trying to appear normal.
The Hunchback Gamers are back
It actually looks pretty comfortable, the major thing with the switch is its made for small hands, almost every one of my friends have gotten the grip case with the extended battery just to try and make it some what usable for adult hands, this actually looks like it fits just right.  Even for the NUC/Raspberry Pi mini PC crowd for the price its already more reasonable than the entire NUC lineup if your going APU x86 arch, also the fact it will run WIN 11 means it will have the best of both worlds with access to RISC/ARM extensions and applications.
They literally decked nintendo
Yes but can it run Crysis remastered tho?
This is the hottest thing since the KFC console
This isn't a game changer. It's a game over
why is so skinny and weak looking
Oh this is a game changer for sure. I'll wait till it's out and try it myself before buying but yeah. It's on my watch list.
"Hands on" with the Steam Deck. 😂
So can we run Swtor on this because I'd love to play it handheld instead of always at a PC
Do we need a pc for this?
It can play gensgin here?
it will long last 15 mins on your hands, coz the weight..
Would've been better if the buttons were "W-A-S-D" instead of "A-B-X-Y" Either way, we finally have PC2
Is it just me or he would be a great actor for Wolverine?
Rest in peace Nintendo Switch
Imagine playing AAA games on a sd card
This is awesome, imagine all the possibilities when you pop in a sd card that is 1tb or more
Sweet, new OUYA
think a bit outside the box here and youll also realise youll be able to use google stadia and xbox gamepass cloud on the device via the browser and think of all the other devices youll be able to emulate.
this console is probably more powerful than my laptop
Is this a review or an advert?
So would total war series be a option on this?
Remember lads, No preorders. Reservations are fine.
Will it be available worldwide
What stops me from getting a full gaming pc is the price, lack of mobility and room storage. This just basically eliminated all of that, so i'm totally going to buy this when it comes out
You can officaly play bo3 on the go
Can it play the Mania & Dash series on the go?  (Cake Mania & Diner Dash)
Its so small yet so strong to run triple A game like computer WTF
Smallest computer
My Diablo 2 Ressurected machine for 2022 yeah!!!!
Steam Deck >>> nintendo switch
Amazing.
One of the Stream Decks team confirmed all the games played during the hands on were using an sd card which is crazy to me how far  SD cards have come
Why did they put such a tiny screen....??  7" is too small for this device, it's the size of a smartphone screen basically.....
Dude emulation on this is going to be insane
Ok let's we see Onexplayer vs Steam deck, which one is better
That thing is freaking HUGE! Or the folks in this video has small hands...🤔
Meme Community: If PC is so great why isn't there a PC 2?   Steam: *invents PC 2*
Can GTA 5 run on that?
Looks identical to game gear
Will COD WARZONE work on this console?
Heroes of might and magic 3 on go!
Consoles: exclusives can be played on my hardware+software stack only  Valve: Does your toaster have linux? You can now play games with quick resume/sleep on it
This guy got both hands on steam's deck! Nice!
Same people that made left 4 dead?
everyone can agree this beast is inspired by switch pro
*sell switch*  *buy this*  *install emulator*
Shut up, and take my money 👍👍👍
Lol now we can just download a Switch emulator and play Switch games on Steam Deck.
They played portal 2 the whole time which is like an old gen game. Even a laptop without a gpu can handle portal 2. Show us doom eternal slayers gate gameplay with nightmare difficulty. Then we can say if it can replace pc or not. Seemed like a marketing campaign rather than a review.
This is why Valve Deserves my money
can play dota haha
Hey guys, do u need internet to play games on it?
I’ll believe it when it drops. How many times have we heard or seen this NEW HANDHELD that is supposed to beat Nintendo’s
Will the Steam Deck also have built in system that can run applications such as Unity and Photoshop and the ability to save every type of file? Does the systems security go through Valve or Microsoft/downloaded antivirus?
This guy looks like elon musk lost brother
As a truck driver, I'm mega hyped for this. Love's WiFi better not fail me 🤣
They freakin nailed it!!!!
Can you play Battlefield on it?? :)
"Thift"
My opinion Screen not big enough
why didnt u do vr
That one guy just looks to the right way to much.
No more Mario world for me
Will TF2 work on this?
They put Nintendo to SHAME 😮
now if only steam had more games worth playing
Hopefully it will stay cool without much thermal throttling
But can you watch pr0n on the go?
can it play escape from tarkov?
can it play windows game?
now if valve wants to be a wise money maker : Half life 3,exclusively on Steamdeck
So far ive only seen people have the steam deck at the homepage and or playing what looks like low intensity games.  We need to see someone play games like doom or another game that is higher intensity.
can we dual boot widows, for plaing other libraries, like epic games, and origin? but keep SteamOS for steam?
Steam deck.  Consoles.  Bye Felicia lmao ha ha ha :D
If the steam deck is gonna have exclusives, its got to be Half Life 3
Idk why people are comparing it to the switch. I'd rather buy a budget gaming laptop at this point.
A handhold PC in 2021.
Looks like they’re beating the Alienware UFO
can it run csgo tho
Does it support Fallout 4 Mods ?
TAKE MY MONEY!!
would anyone know if you could use a capture card attached to the steamdeck to record switch gameplay
Can this be the PC 2 we’ve been waiting for?!!
If it can play the minecraft modpack "All The Mods 6" byt the time your'vse completed the quests smoothly it can play almost anything.
Last year EPIC declare war on valve for game distribution, now valve just took off  to expand gaming PC kingdom
Looks like someone touched all over it with greasy fingers, like popcorn or pizza
valve dipping their toes in VR was alllredy crazy but now the handheld market?!? this looks sick ima buy it lol.
I’m sold
The next no man's sky hype
The most underrated feature of this console are the main controls placed solely on the top corners for ergonomics.
300$ pc Pog
Make sure you guys get one. It's going to be required(a long with an Index 2) to play Half-Life: Barney when it comes out in 2 years. ;)
this is amazing
It has a 2 hour battery life though, that is way too low to be portable for me.
just an aya neo dressed up as a steam
Can it run dota 2?
Preordered. Can't wait guys. I'm starting to save cash from today hehe.
Take my money
Diablo 4 on steam deck play after hard day of work daaaaaamn!
Cant wait to get destroyed in tf2
how about steam vr
But can it run CRYSIS
So if you install Windows and wipe the Steam OS, we can just install steam  so what's the use to keeping the Steam OS?
Time to start investing in their stocks.
So you can play mmorpgs on the go now? Gah the wife is gonna be pissed
Useless. All they show is gameplay of portal 2 and say "it is very capable of playing games"  Obviously they have no faith in their hardware if they won't show graphically taxing games running on it
What is game at 5:31
Can you download games like Genshin impact, or any other games?
alright throw the ps2 emulator on there and show me the fps that's what determines if its worth it
Damn look at the price and storage. You might be able to install 1 or 2 games if your lucky and hey its only $50 more than the new switch. Now go buy your $300 T bit storage drive!9
Can't wait to hold this bad boy in my hands can't wait for 22 to come fast enough.
What dumb contraption is this ?
Mfs should b fixing CSGO's anti-cheat system instead of this
Guys ever since the PSP..... This is what we've always wanted. The future is finally here.
No like thanks.
Yes, but can it run Crysis?
Oh and once again with any mobile device, the charge insane amounts of mones for the bigger storage version! Thats probably the only way they can offer the 64gb device for that low cost, but 64gb is a joke in 2020, the least memory it should come with should be 256gb.
Sounds awesome.   Too bad it is already sold out
Is this the Switch Pro ?
Any 64G steam deck fans?!!!! Just reserved one and I’m so happy with my choice.
Around 2tflops? So like a 1050ti in a handheld? That's great tbh
Cool
How much?
Su boktwn portal oyununu gosterip durursunuz
Make left for dead 3 already
So they’ll give us this, but not hl3
The only thing restricting it being fully portalable is no sim card slot
we need to know how well it plays monster hunter world tbh
Steamdick haha
Finally a Pc that we can afford and enjoy on the Go!
720p with all of modern games running on normal or low settings for the price of ps5
Also, no longer stuck to the Switch tax for Indie or third party games.  Steam  sale ftw!
But can you play doom on it?
can it play the new BF?
This will be the Nintendo killer. Valve has waited soo long for the industry to crumble and take it into its domain!
Half Life 3 confirmed
Just make games wtf Valve
How strong is the screen tho? Will it survive a couple of drops?
So hyped for this, Already put my deposit down for it!
But is it vr compatible?
Bim'e ne zaman gelir?
can we play dota 2 with this
Looks terrible and uncomfortable
Valve should make steamdeck vr
can u play dota2 on it?
IGN: This looks cool! Everyone else:
Once Starlink is in place and everyone is able to have a smooth 5G connection, wouldn’t cloud gaming devices make the Steam Deck obsolete? Portable cloud gaming devices will be smaller, lighter, and potentially have an unlimited amount of storage.
Preorder date?
Valve is solving all of our problems
Nintendo: No next gen Switch Sony: No PSP 3 / PS Vita 2 Microsoft: No gaming Surface tablet Valve: Steam Deck
bro wii u emulation on this thing would be amazing
is the sd slot on all models ???
That white guy was on the zm spectrum, less the zm.
720 though.
The deck is on deck.
could it be ANY bigger?!?! lol!!
Im throwing money at the screen and nothing is happening.  Anyone else having this issue?
All these comments about wanting this system but nobody is talking about the pathetic storage on the 399 system. In order to play and have these aaa games get ready to shell out 500 to 600 hundred. The vid doesn't even say the lower model has the slowest type.of storage
Looks like I’ll finally be able to play Genshin on the “switch”
Steam Deck: *exists* Nintendo Switch: Finally, a worthy opponent! Our battle will be legendary!
So basically they're trying to do what Nintendo switch is doing
Will it play Warcraft?
This will be really nice for parties actually, I've struggled to make a gaming pc feel like a natural console even with Big Picture mode. It's still awkward and easier to grab a Wii or PlayStation for parties.
Have we not learned from the wii u with disgusting controllers?
is it jest me or he look like he got kidnap
they have L1 R1 like playstation and XYAB like Xbox..
But can it run Doom?
For me, this is honestly the most exciting gaming news I've received in maybe years. This sounds like an incredible value, especially for people who have previously been unable to get into PC gaming due to setup costs/space issues etc. I'm excited
Now it fully makes sense why steamos and steam controller were discontinued. It's a great move by valve.
Imagine playing high quality graphics FPS game with gyro....
This is actually quite interesting for another reason. If this picks up steam (pun intended) and becomes a household norm, it will actually give PC game devs a more standardized benchmark for their games performance. Not to say they can't go ham on graphics but it will provide a more fixed measuring stick for them to use.
Wonder if you could wire connect an oculus quest?
Curious to see how it performs in handheld mode for MMOs. So nice that this product is being birthed by passionate gamers and not some corporation rushing to get a product out.
Does it have any 5g capabilities?
This looks awesome
Nintendo: "Announce the new Pokémon game."  Game Freak: "But we haven't even started-"  Nintendo: "Announce the new Pokémon game!"
Anyone know what resolutions are supported when either docked and out to a PC monitor or out via HDMI to a TV?
How are you gonna fit Call Of Duty on that thing.
Im wating New PSP 😄
Imagine it came Half Life 3 pre installed as a surprise 😮
Will type be optimized for this thing? If not, get ready for text/menus to be extremely tiny for some games.
Steam does not have Mario Zelda donkey Kong Metroid Splatoon f-zero ,animal crossing, Pokemon kid Icarus Luigi's Mansion wario Pikmin Bayonetta f-zero
Mega Mind !
Can this run emulators? cuz if it can, I'm definitely buying this
Let me guess... portable rust?
To clarify, they have stated that the internal storage is actually upgradable, but have hinted that it won't be terribly easy. Using a m.2 2230 ssd, which can be found up to 1tb on the market right now.
At the price point I’ll just be purchasing a new graphics card and spending a few hundred more for 1000x the performance.
best handheld ever
Steam please allow reservations internationally !!!!!!!! PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can it have discord on it and stream games your are playing on it to friends in the channel
But you can't replace the SSD?! Hype deflated.
Watch out Nintendo you have competition.
Can my son play Roblox though? Serious question
Switch just got murdered
just buy the cheapest model then buy a big sd card.
I’ll buy the 2.0 version of this
Where is Half Life 3??????
can it runs ms excel?
So the nvme is fixed? Can't upgrade to a higher capacity drive?
Just get a Gameing laptop if you want to go portable.
Controllers don't last very long in my hands. You can't change those controllers.
Honestly I’m glad it’s really really beefy in terms of shape because it means it’s more comfortable and it feels more solid plus reaching that track pad is gonna be easy to do
Sony psp 5G....this will be tough competition against switch and steam
Lame
to bad the screen doesn't take more space :( This is why I'm not gona buy it  and ... seriously in 2021 a screen size 1280x800 ...  Just ... no way !
Есть русскоговорящие?
Steam deck has 3 available prices...  3....   Half life 3 is confirmed guys!
But it doesn't have 1080p unfortunately smh
this is very cool, keep it coming.
if people find a way to play all nintendo games on this thing, nintendo is gonna have a big problem, but we all like some healthy competition. XD
what is it ?
But does it play Zelda games?
The voice over said a lot very thick marketing stuff PC gamers will be like  "pshhhh are you high or something?"
Remember guys, it's not a console.
Curious if you can transfer games from internal ssd to expansion quickly cause you'll of course want to play off ssd but that price hike for more memory is yikes!!!
League of legends and Valorant gonna be playable haha
yass. pes on the go
Bye bye switch
Was looking for a note about battery life, sadly nothing out about that yet
can it run dig dug????
Wait, so this stuff can play all the games in steam? What kind of black magic is this? Also, with this distributed worldwide, many will stop playin mobile games and return to pc games (?)
it wont sell as goog as switch...tomoimasu
Gamers: We want a handheld PC with Steam Controller controls. Smach Z: cancelled before making it to production. Valve: Fine, we'll do it ourselves.
Was thinking about buying a switch after college but now I’m going for steam deck only because you can download AAA titles for free off the internet lol
Docking station sold separately? Are you kidding me? And there are people who think this will be a Switch killer. LOL.
So Can we play it offline games or it needs Internet to work still?
So Valve decided to conquer the whole gaming world declaring war with every console company.
How to install windows 10 in steamdeck
Smile dude ffs
SKYRIM ON THE STEAM DECKKKK LETSSS GOOOOOOOOOOO
Bye bye console 👋👋👋
Let's keep it 100 who's really going to buy this s*** almost no one
👍👍👍👍
This is what everyone wanted from the oled switch
Will they also suffer from chip shortage?
Божа, это реально происходит Сказка какая-то
So steam controller and steam machine are not wasted in vain? Alot of technology from both of those two implemented in steam deck. Trackpad, gyro control, linux os.
That guy says uhhh so much it's distracting can you not talk properly
Finally insurgency comes to a console… sort of
Beaassy
Iam gonna buy it. Edit:- one day lol :v
Nintendo : (Release Switch OLED) Valve : Dude hold my deck
It feels like an adult switch
I’m so excited for this
Half Life 4: Confirmed
PSP 2 (just pretend it's exist): *sweat heavily**
3:30 This guy was about to tell us when will Half Life 3 was going to be released but just realized Valve's sniper.
this has SO much potential
This is it.
Have you guys forgotten we have had mini computers in our pockets for several years now...
Looking bright
*Me throws my switch in wishing well* *nintendo with oled model* is this yours? *Me* no *Gabe newell* you are so honest you deserve something better  *The steamdeck*
This is going to destroy Nintendo
wonder in you can play warcraft classic on it lol
Anybody knows whats the game around 4:25?
But can it run Cyberpunk?
I'm worried about the fact you cant replace the analogue sticks. But of a weak point for me
It looks slightly like the Game Gear.
Surprised that more people aren't wondering how long the battery will last on it. Surely this will be a big drawback come the extra processing power required to play top end games.
This is briliant. We had Ryzen before but this beats that one for sure.
Nobody:  Valve's Steam Deck: "YOU PUT YOUR HANDS ON ME?!"
Nintendo: here have a bigger screen Valve: so basically we made portable gaming pc Nintendo: say sike right now
Nintendo Ketar-ketir
Tell me you are joking - 720p LCD screen with 60 Hz and no HDR !? And the 64GB model is literally useless, won't hold any newer games besides indies, 256GB model is bare minimum and still you get a crappy 720p LCD screen
So it's a phone?
What is the game that appears on the 4:25 mark?
Love it
Byebye NintendNO
It’s too big.
what type of screen is this
Whatever happened to that steam machine PC thing?
Wow
Valve does what Nintendon't
So now we can play dota2 with touchscreen???
Everyone: "It's the real Switch Pro" Me: "With Game Pass it's an Xbox handheld."
What's the game playing at 4:23?
Cool but when the time comes don't expect a 3rd one.
can the steam deck runs microsoft flight simulator 2020?
Welcome to the PC world, casual console gamers!
Scalpers : hold our prices
5:28 what keyboard is that ?
Love the competition, but all people that really think this is an issue for Nintendo, missed the point. Nintendo is bought because of their brands (Mario / Zelda / etc.), not because of their great hardware.
It will be interesting to see how far ahead is the Steam Deck compared to the AYA NEO or the GPD Win3. Both came out earlier but none has so much R&D funds available as the Steam Deck.
Its a giant gamegear.  First wiiu, then  switch, now this? Why are consoles going back to the 90s?
Can it play Path of Exile?
imagin Diablo2 Resurrected on Steam Deck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the most Console have Internet fees , Steam Deck too ???
can play DOTA 2?
The military sharon wailly offend because arch locally warn unlike a efficient slip. torpid, tacky offer
Guess I'm finally buying a PC😁
xbox 1 and ps4 with raytracing, how to play on 5 fps
raytracing on a apu....?????
Reserved mine! So excited to Apex Legends on the toilet!
Can this run mmos like wow
How well it can run WoW? =D
Hold up: it can actually do ray tracing?
Why would we even buy a bulky pc or laptop when we could have this omggg such a brilliant innovation!!!!!🔥🔥🔥
Scalpers are already listing the price on EBay for 1,399$
Can you connect a controller via bluetooth? This would be perfect if so, I’m excited 😩
TAKE MY MONEY
Is there more of like when it comes to the gaming console part is it more like an Xbox or like a PlayStation 5 like what kind of games can't it play? 🤔
Nintendo is about to be out of business
It's expensive and the Switch isn't.
Anyone know if the Steam Deck will ever come to Australia
Can someone please tell me will you be able to play old school games that don't have controller support like the gta trilogy?
Goodbye Nintendo switch lol
rather just get a fucken laptop
I'm sorry but this is totally going to flop, just as their Steam controller did. The hardware may be nice, but let's be honest. It's a horrible design for a handheld system, and very clearly is made of cheap material. This thing gonna age like Cyberpunk did lol
This just sounds like a pc with less steps
Your subtitles don't work.
Wait what hapens if you plug this in the switch dock
AkA the swith killer
sega style !
Does it run Half-life 3 though? 🤔
Is that young Elon Musk?????
4:25 what game is that?
what is the game at 0:55?
This looks positively amazing
How are we supposed to use the right stick and the buttons at the same time if they are directly next to it? Creates an impossible /extremely difficult angle...im confused on that
The big question can we play our games without internet.
7
BOUT TO INSTALL KALI LINUX ON THIS THING, BEST RASBERRY PI EVER 😂
@ 1:46 - the guy on the left looking at the guy on the right like "you better not say anything dumb"
Can it run crysis tho
Take My Moneys
Easy piracy
Take my money
Nintendo is coming out with OLED version and you can trade cartridges! Owneeeeeeeed.
Psp impian ku
Are u sure, you are truly independent in this state.....?
that's cool
But can it run Crysis?
pirate's dream handheld
The Deck is bigger than Pierre!!!
Can we play game outside steam like , genshin , valorant and other game?
when your mother says she will buy you a pc   *looks at steam deck
But can it run Crysis?
Really wish it works on emulators & non-Steam games.
Nintendo: O L E D
finaly steam library worth something .
Hopefully this is more available than all graphics cards lol
0:54 what game is that? seems fun.
It's a PC Waiting for people to install Office
so it runs on windows or linux?
2:48 perfect
This new psp is fire
take my money valve
Is Dota 2 playable to Steam Deck?
@ign can you use vr??
Buy 399$ model  And upgrade the storage by installing an sd card of 256GB lmfao
You simply cant say its around the same power as xbox one s or ps4. It has many more advantages, especially in optimisation given its rdna 2 and zen 2. That opens up vrs etc. Which means % savings. Also its not based on mechanical hard drives like original last gen consoles.
Release this in Malaysia i’ll buy it right away 😭
Rtx enabled??? Wtf!!! Lmfao
Death of Nintendo 🙁
Come to Brazil PLZ
Take my fcking money
Lord Gabe provides
Every time ... Nintendo comes out with a hit and they rest on their laurels.  It's as if they never CONCEIVE that someone else might be cooking up something that could compete with them.
we can play directly on the Micro SD? Then we could just buy the base model and slap a 512 gb SD card. Hell yeah
That thing looks HUGE.
They didn't show any AAA FPS games.. What about Battlefield?
Can we play dota 2 on it??
can't wait until it sells out in seconds
Gamers: we want a switch pro Nintendo: Say hello to the Switch OLED Valve: Hold My Beer
My question is: Will one be able to play Nintendo Switch games on the Steam Valve? If not, then what is point of buying this? 🤔🤔
Steam game selection is the seller
Hopefully this is the next big thing
Oled: 100 more but 2 more inches
I'm generally surprised that Nintendo hasn't had a childish fit and striked a lawsuit against this design.
Will be interesting to see if the dock changes at all - would be nice if you didn't have to plug it in with that USB cable... (Perhaps some pogo pins, akin to the Surface Pro?)
Can it play RTS gams? That track pad looks useful. Game changer if it can
What no one seems to realize is Nintendo has remained because of its game franchises which are exclusive not its technology. Uhhhhh you have t realized that yet?
RelaxingEnd : he he yeah boy.
ff14 on this? cant wait and see.
What the hell,this is PC cramped in a handheld console lol😂😂😂😂😂😂. Seriously!
Finally!!!! Instant buy!
Look at the size of that deck.
this is the handheld console ugrade everyones been waiting for your not limited to a certain companys games..steam.epic..anything..you can play...any tools/apps used while gaming can be used...and since its a full blown pc...it can do pretty much everything..so as a portable console...if they do well..this can change the entire market
Ni doubt, MARKETING level of steam is GODLIKE!!!  They're making sony and EA to join steam long time ago... BECAUSE THIS WILL HAPPEN...  Amazing strategies EVER
Who would've thought valve would release a hand held gaming pc before releasing half life 3
So can you get Xbox game pass on this?
This will kill the switch for handheld gamers Nintendo fans will stay other then that valve knocked it out of the park congrats!
Does it play windows 95 98 games
cant yall just wait until home to play on your 50-80 inch TV? or 20-30 inch monitor?
Yea nice. But does it run star citizen?
Valve just solved our "We can't afford these PC components." problem.
Please come to mexico
Friendship ended with desktop pc now PC Mini is my new best friend
Nintendo's death is coming. Buying expensive games because of the Nintendo name on those. Was about time. Thank you valve for this!
fantastic ill buy one but your never get one as the scalpers would pre order and wack them on ebay for 1 million each lol.
the first american handheld mircrosoft try to make one handheld but it fails
Dying light 🤭
This looks amazing!🔥
ahora podre manquear en el LOL fuera de mi casa
Lol 😆
Console/portable game are tweek to work around limitations. But on pc everyone has different specs so you have to tinker yourself for the better performance. So how will this one work on that front? Every steam game will have a "optimal steamdeck" option from now on?
mongu
Valve: Now you can play your favourite shovelware/asset flips from steam anywhere you want...    ...for one hour before battery dies. Nintendo: 😂😂😂😂
Neo geo pocket
this is actually such a great idea
Bro y’all need to stop capering teraflops. That doesn’t matter unless it’s the same gpu. It’s about the power of an Xbox series s
You can connect to a screen and plug in mouse and keyboard ...  Here take my money.
Wonder if it will run Wizard 101
Can u play Forza horizon on this device?
Too big with small screens
love it but hate the thick bezels so much
Shut....up.....and take my freaking money!
more than a xbox series x, I might wait and see how it holds up when it goes to the mass market. to much money to wing it and try it.
what about ventilation/temperature?
Not sure why people are comparing this to the Switch. This won't effect the Switch in any way
Clicky d pads are the worst. When playing street fighter u dont wanna have clicky d pads ...
can we connect a controller not a fan of keyboard an mouse
How about the battery life? Do you need to play it plugged like a real PC?
thanks amd for bringing zen2 to handhelds
Hope it will support vr headset thru usb-c.
Just give us the steam console
"budget" gaming laptops found dead in a ditch
5:50 Yeah, that's just how Linux is these days.
720p?
SONY:WE WILL NOT FEED YOU THE PS5  Valve:FINE ILL FEED THEM
Thankfully it’s not another, device that runs games on cloud.
Looks better than ps5 and xbox one
This feels amazin for me, which have a shitty laptop and no console since like 10 years ago xD
Why can’t valve make another left 4 dead and finish half life dammit
Can't wait to emulate smash on my new steam deck
Awesome!  You can emulate any system, such as nintendo switch, ps3, game cube.....
Can do all this now with my Win 3.
shut the frack up and take muh MONEYYYYY
Reminds me of Nvidia shield. It’s not gonna come through - even after ign so generously advertised here
A 7-in screen with some big thick bezels.oh boy when will they ever completely fill the screen space...
Pierre looks like young elon musk. Like he'd be the actor who plays him
Cant wait to play tibia on this.
the jack audio 3.5 and microsd slot must be swapped... its kinda annoying if 3.5 cable on the top of handheld.
WE WANT HALF LIFE Episode 3 GUYS COME OOOON
Brilliant product. Steam already has an extensive game library. Some games like visual novels are better on handheld. I’ll get one.
Was literally about to spend 500$ buying the missing parts to a computer for my gf now I'm just gonna get her this
Nintendo is PISSSSSSED RN
Steam link: failure. Stream box: failure. Steam controller: failure. Valve index: success. 3 out of 4 valve based hardware devices have been failures. What’s to say this won’t be another turd?
so funny how they dodged death stranding and opened portal 2 hahaahahahahahah
Watch your back Nintendo
Looks pretty cool... especially if the buttons are quiet enough not to piss off our significant others while we play in bed lol
It will be 60% heavier than the Switch.
1:46 why does he look like elon musk when he was younger?
Why is valve overcharging the UK market? It’s almost £100 more expensive...
0:18 why his right booby so much bigger than his left
Cool!
So cool!
This is more like PSP than Switch. U gotta include the detachable joycons and a TV port dock to make it "Switch clone". The specs sound great, the control layout looks great, it looks like a device well-suited for sophisticated/competitive gamers, but it's not a "Switch clone", and maybe all better for it that way 🤷🏻‍♂️
Can't wait to overpay for something from a company that shows little to no interest taking care of customers.  I'll get right on that purchase.
Oh my 😶 Will it have the option of connecting with a tv?
All in all, this won't take off. They really don't understand WHY the Switch is a take-off hit.
2:42 you see it take two tries to get the touch-screen to register. Nailed it! XD
What about vr gaming
Omg, that's so cheap :D  I think I'll buy one when my laptop breaks. At the moment my 4 Year old 400€ laptop is only able to play games at low graphics.
But can it run Crysis?
Release has been pushed to Q3 2022. Just hype for now until it's actually released. If it's ever released. See u in Christmas 2022!
Can't wait to play gmod on the go
Woaaaah this is actually a PC??  Like you can just hook a monitor up to it and boom it’s a computer?  That’s insane I’m definitely preordering this.
bro spiderman 5 on the go!!!!!!!
GTA 5, RDR2.... on the Go ??? 👀 If This Thing Gets Promoted Right It Will Take off Big Time !
The next step is a full fledged console with zero compromises,  it's possible, don't wanna hear excuses, if not Phil then it has to be Gabe.
Who’s waiting for Sony PSP 🔥🔥🔥🔥
How long until this is outdated? Think PSP. Is the unit Hardware upgradeable? Not mentioned. Nice looking, but probably hasn't got any real longevity. Another throwaway game boy.
720p kinda blows
I’ve always played Xbox but I’m definitely gonna get this
Looks awesome.. already pre ordered my own
Dota 2?
I'll buy this for $5 in 5 years.
who would play outside if your home quarantined
I'd like to go to there.
does the unit get hot after using it over time?
Wow handheld. Gamepass, Steam, emulation, PSNow, Stadia, etc. the potential is insane here!
Valve should've just call this the Switch Pro.
can’t wait to pull up hatred at school and get suspended
Everyone complaining about the battery life. Just get a solar portable battery charger
this is pretty sick
Fallout 3 on the go? Awesome
Probably costs all my hair follicles for it
What a fresh breath of PC gaming freedom!!!
Does it support Bluetooth aptX Codec ?
St(r)eam Deck
but can it run cyberpunk 2077?
But can it run Cyberpunk 2077? :o
Can't wait to buy this at 3 times msrp from scalpers....
wonder how much fps u get playing apex or valorant ( if those 2 game will even be avaialble) when connecting to a monitor and pluggin in MNK
Can you get mods?
Suspending a game and syncing the the cloud? Me likey
so... you can play any steam game in it right?... O_O
Switch looks cooler
4:27 what game is that?
Gonna sell my switch to get this for sure
But 720p?
finally, PC 2
Nitendo is on Suicide watch
People dont realize that this is about to kill the console war.... The arguement against pc was how expensive it was to get into. Well this is a console pc.
Is it possible to keep the Steam OS, while have it run Game Pass, and PS Now? When docked, is it still locked at 720p?
Wow incredible
Finally PC 2
That thing is huge.
ohk so does it run GTA 5
mmmmm breath of the wild emulated on this at 60fps
Whats the battery life?!?
I’ll wait for the valve steam deck lite.  That thing is way too bulky lol
What's the game shown at about 4:25?
Now Valve have trolled Nintendo with this sweet baby, they need to troll Blizzard with new Team Fortress when they release Overwatch 2.
First thing that put me off was "PC" in the name... Where's the mouse? keyboard ?
PC gamers wetting their pants over a console.
Why make a 64 gig model? Is that REALLY going to be enough space without adding more... and spending more money?  Might as well spring for the 256 or the 512... both of which are too rich for my blood.
Sooooooo.... How well will this run the switch emulator, heard that on the switch emulator monster hunter story 2 runs a lot better on there than the switch itself lul
cropped image? no thanks
A blessing
What game is that at 05:32?
Ps5 can wait another year
As cool as it is, the storage is kinda worrying
Hi Switch Pro
this won't outsell the switch the steam deck just another handheld device that would die out soon won't compare to Nintendo
who cares. scalpers are just gonna buy these up too
steam deck lol sounds like some carpet cleaner
They just DESTROYED Nintendo, PlayStation, and Xbox wasn't even on anyone's radar
Lets hope no scalping or stock issues…. Fingers crossed
when steam was announced, valve released half life 2. if this thing come, oh no    half life 3 confirmed!
Welp. Time for my Switch to gather dust.
1:50 he looks like a half-life scientist
How about adding a front facing camera so that way streamers can stream while traveling?
Me waiting over 2 years for them to make a Switch Pro with a ton of unplayed casual games in his steam library: Pre-ordered.
OLED screen please!
But can it run Arma 3? That’s what I’d be asking
the trackpads are  unnecessary , they should have placed the joysticks properly
My job keeps me traveling so ive been on the mobile gaming thing more and more and the mobile gaming space is growing..thank you valve...have my reservation in...now hope most bugs worked out fingers crossed 🤞
This is something we've needed I'm done with Sony Nintendo and Microsoft
As long as you don't want to play a game that doesn't have a Linux version
Playing escape from tarkov on steam deck is gonna be interesting
Everyone thinks this is a switch replacement. This is a pc in your pocket boys.
How much???
Is there an adjustment in the storage of the game? Because if no if you download tekken with 60 gb and consumer purchase steam deck 399$ with 64 gb, the consumer will just enjoy one game in there steam deck. So definitely its still a loss in the consumer. But theres an option of the consumer that they will purchase sd card. It is still logical to buy laptop than steam deck.
Класс, гироскоп, стики и пэды работают одновременно, это классно, что их добавили. Но насколько это удобно? И не значит ли это, что руку полностью нельзя положить на консоль, потому что ты будешь цеплять пэд?
Я никогда не поверю, что такое расположение кнопок + размер и вес = удобно.
TAKE MY MONEEEEEHHH!!!!!
If it's gonna play games from the epic store too I'll consider buying it
*crowbcat stirring in the darkness*
So you can watch movies on it as well?
Not all three 3 models have solid state NVMe drives. The 64GB is eMMC.
How's the battery life?
Nintendo is probably regretting SO MUCH that they didn't do more with their new Switch model. Their new OLED Switch model is gonna sell nowhere near Steam Deck. Massive L for Nintendo.
Sorry Nintendo you really missed the buck making a pro switch I'm not buying the OLED switch I'm buying this
Someone needs to tell valve that this is supposed to be portable
"Hands on with the Steam Dieck"
Finally, portable World of Warcraft..! 😋
the bezel is so BIG ehehe but not bad :D
"It's a PC" Sorry, but no.
How much is gonna cost?
When is this coming,  will be buying.
$399 dead of nintendo.
All we need to know is about the heat
Steam deck Steam deck 2 ... anything?
64gb? it can’t have cod installed.. c:
So no one gonna talk about 3 tf2 heavy magazine at 1:42 ?
Rust on the go???
the guy on the left feels like a shapeshifting alien
Hopefully this forces Nintendo to fix the Joy-Con drift issues
CAN WE HAVE TF2 ON THAT ???????
Way Too small display!!
can anyone tell me what game is @4:24? thanks
Would it be able to connect a monitor to it?
I'm literally gonna buy this for the sole purpose of playing Half-Life. All my life I've missed out on that game and this is the perfect chance!
It reminds me of the Sega Game Gear
I'm hyped. Too bad you cannot change the drive.
Psvita 2 next?
Lol Nintendo got lazy, you can literally emulate switch on this and it'll play better than switch performance.
Finally, a handheld system to play FIL on.
1991: Game Gear 2021: Gabe Gear
"Not far from using a mouse" 😂
This will kill switch
This is literally PC 2
is it possible to connetct mouse and keyboard?
Prime Minister Of India (Narender Modi) Is A Living Monster For Birds. Please share
But can you play Minecraft?
FSR would make this perfect
Ngl I'm kinda hyped for this
this is gonna be a flop
On my wish list 🔥🔥... For the next stimulus 😭🤦☠️....
hey) path of exile work ?
bye2 console
Imagine playing skyrim with shitload of adult mods portably
Can play dark soul?
Game changer
Looks wired with this tiny buttons
Shut-up and take my money!
Is this a cheapest handheld pc?
So can we play GTA v😂
People getting disappointed at nintendo smh saying they are gonna go to steam deck now.. ok but it's not like your gonna be able to play nintendo games there, that's what's gonna keep the switch alive, the exclusive games you can't just play anywhere
??????
At least they have ssd ext
Yeah the pi is a PC too
Linux OS based ? doesn't the performance get cut by 20% compared to windows based?  Contrary if they resolve the issue will gaming on other Linux based OS become something without the need for wine or other windows emulation.
idk man, all i'm saying is im about to play some Genshin Impact in this baby!
So I'll be able to run currently gen pc games and emulators... who wants to buy my switch?
"How much vocal fry do you want?"  This guy: yes
Non upgradeable. THAT'S a turd in the punch bowl.
Didn't know Elon Musk worked for Valve
Shut up and take my money!
The autonomy of this portable console is going to be hilarous!
Ok PlayStation you’re turn
Not been this excited about a handheld since the launch of N-gage
It already comes with back paddles something sony and Microsoft refuse to do but players want and need
performance and battery life vs windows & linux needs to be looked into 8) I want windows!
THE INTERNAL STORAGE CAN BE UPGRADED.  PLEASE FIX THIS VIDEO, AS IT GIVES INCORRECT INFORMATION.
Obsolete specs?
It's going to be the king of hand held emulation
Yeah fk the switch , I’m getting this thing
This is cool but should have a lower spec model for entry level around $250 with expandable memory.
The ACTUAL Nintendo Switch Pro
Why sometimes 2 teraflops and sometimes 1,6 teraflops ?
What's the spec of this if it can run things like Control and Doom Eternal?
5:54 uhh that's a 32-inch monitor?
FFXIV On the go? Ok
Amazing.
Arch and KDE!!! Year of the Desktop is coming!!!!
Nope! Not a switch killer at all. Will be to bloated. Nintendo is a pure gaming device that does it perfectly. This will be a small footprint and then be gone
Lazy nintendo is gonna get its better rival
Imagine playing rdr2 on this thing
Does it come with halflife 2 ep3 😁
*WXGA* 7" 800p display (4 gayming) in 2k21🤦 Even smartphones (mostly 4 video of course) has *Full HD+* for now 😂
Since its wifi only can you plug in an external cellular card? I'd  love to be able to toggle an android mode to super extend battery.
If it can play Nintendo games, then Switch is done for, idk tho. With the detachable sticks, Switch maybe still wins in terms of local multiplayer simplicity. At least, for now imo. Sorry for bad english
When did Wolverine become a games journalist?
Steam Exist* Someguy: Install Among Us
This dude looks like a conservative reporter that you’d see on Jan 6th scaling walls holding a selfie stick.
So we finally get PC guts paired with mobile screen tech ... only took 10 year to catch on
Switch for men
can it VR as that means everything from HTC VIVE + window mixed realty can be fully untethered from a backback
Oooooooooooh me gustaaaaa
The lack of upgradeable SSD's makes it not so much a PC.
What's the CPU/GPU ?
Can it run cyberpunk?
1:42 if Elon Musk and Megamind had a crossover. No offense.
This gizmo looks faaaarkin siiiiiiiiiiiick.
But will it run high-end PC VR? That's the real question.
Stemendo switch😂
stop playing portal .. nobody play this game anymore
This looks incredible if it works as advertised
Hmmm can it play MMORPG though???
Sega Game Gear?! No one!? Same design and revolutionary technology? Sega was the GOAT! Just wanted to mention it. It was somehow missing, maybe i'm too old.......
Buying
What is the highest graphic game it can play?
what game is that? that the character chop a tree
Switch users punching the air right about now...
Can it play total war games?
I'm down for this one
Screen might be its weakest point. Why do have those chunky bezels across the display?
Will it help power Steam VR and games like Alyx HL?
64 GB is like half a Warzone..
Imagine playing TF2 on this thing. Definitely would be one hell of a challenge
So they finally made another Sega game gear ⚙ Hopefully this one won't flop lol
guys you can use fl studio on this thing.  it's the better fl studio mobile.
Nintendo switch'nt
As a chronically desilusioned Nintendo diehard, I've been happy but less and less satisfied with my Switch.  Valve is a company that knows the market, knows how to do netcode, knows to listen to their fans. That's the main reason why I'm full on board with this.  And if it eventually pushes Nintendo to wake up even slightly as to the power of their base Switch, all the better.
Shut up and take my money.
Steam deck or Nintendo switch ? Which one you choice?
Nahh not gonna buy this..
Give me that thing
720 p XD XD XD
🦀 The Switch Is Bodied , Console Diff Go Next 🦀
So can this play squad 🤔
He looks like young elon which has little hair
FINALLY    PC 2
shadowrun fans be like: decking??
Does anyone know if the display supports FreeSync?
How much this thing cost?
That dude Pierre looks like a young Elon Musk
Why does the developer look like he's doing this because they have his daughter hostage?
PC 2    PC 2
Finally, a switch with piracy
What is the resolution supported on the external monitor? 720p ? Refresh rate?
Uh-oh seems like nintendo switch/OLED is dead.
Can play alot of emulator + windows 11 can install apk... this is insane
sir, im from Philippines,  is this available to my country?
I'd be worried about my palms constantly rubbing on the trackpads with those Joysticks being so high but still, Valheim Handheld? 👌🏽🤣
Finally PC 2
The dude on the right at 2:04 looks like the Elon Musk if he didn’t get the hair transplant
This should have been Xbox series s..
I'm pretty excited about this. The fact that it's a portable PC adds an incredible dynamic to its overall value.
Nintendo deserved this slap in the face. Now let's wait and see how they jump to announce developing of another "new and pro" switch.
Yes all my emulators
The question is can you get curse forge on it or the Xbox app
Gamers : we want half life 3   Valve : Steam deck, take it or leave it
2:44 no pun intended
Will FIFA run well on it?
Definitely gonna buy thissss
“AGAIN IT’S NOT CONSOLE “
Can you connect a VR headset to the deck?
The only thing I’d change is reduce the screen bezels . You can either increase the screen size or reduce the whole things size . . .
What about discord
This is a monster of a handheld.
most of us just wanted hl3...
does smoothly mean 60 fps or 30 fps lol
Imagine playing all indie games from Steam store handheld. This gonna be awesome
This looks revolutionary.
GONNA SAVE FOR THIS
Sold...
Will be cook to play Breath of the wild on this :D
Its just a bootleg switch lol. Not worth a dime
steam os is just another linux operating system and so this is really a huge step for linux gaming and since gaming is the most important factor that keeps my friends and probably many people not switch to linux, this is really gonna make a lot of user's to switch to linux in the future
Anyone worried about input lag?
how much will it cost
Will this be able to play roblox/forza 5?
So basically Gabe said we do the Switch, we can do it on steroids!
oh hell yea... portable bitcoin miner
Walmart Elon Musk is working for Valve.
Voy a comprar esta joya en cuanto salga en mexico
Just be sure to update your stock regularly please🙏
Shut up and take my money!
720p?? That's a joke right??
The button layout is horrible
Seeing this after buying a 1000 dollar gaming pc
Xbox game pass?
Def gonna buy this for emulators
Let's go handheld Tekken!!
The 90's called! They want there Sega game gear back! 😂
Your hard “s” sound is harsh and not to my taste.
Valve: 3 models of a powerful handheld console at launch Nintendo: 3 models of the same console in 4 years
Why there 1000 dislikes 😕
New PsP
You're tellin me. You can go a make a full hand held gaming pc competing with the likes of Sony and Nintendo...  But you can't make half life 3. Makes sense. I'm getting one.
Steam Deck, because Steam Box worked so well they figured they'd muscle in on Nintendo's shtick with a handheld device. And the price point? On par with a scalper's resell price of a new Series X/S... >.> I honestly don't know why we're giving this the time of day, it'll flop like any other hardwre Valve made...
Portable vr pc? Eh? Likly crap, but curious how I'd run
This is quite impressive
Will tank harder than the Sega Game Gear…
Can you play dota 2 in handheld?
This makes me want to sell my PC and just buy it.
Well boys looks like I'm playing BOTW after all!
The real question is can it run GTA
Please test dota 2: fps and stable, fsr...
now we can enjoy those *sloot* mods for skyrim during mass, weddings, doctors visits  _n o i c e_
Step 1 : Buy Steam Deck Step 2 : Install Windows Step 3 : Enjoy...
Switch pro looking fresh ngl
Can we play dota by this?
Because the steam machine did so well.
It’ll be nice to be able to play any of your Steam games portable without having to resort to buying them again—this time, usually graphically, and often functionally, worse versions—on the Nintendo Switch.
Cool, this looks like an awesome deck by Steam
I'm definitely buying this
As a Nintendo fan, this looks amazing
If you can install windows the you can get access to GAMEPASS!!!!!
TAKE MY MONEY!
Soooo excited for bots and scalpers to ruin this too
Was looking at the specs on the OneXPlayer ,gpd win 3 and noticed that they use the Iris Xe 96EU ver, it's total FP32 perf was rated at 2.46 Teraflops. The RDNA2 chip in the Steam Deck maxes out at around 1.6 Teraflops (FP32)  That breaks down to 512cores on the RDNA2 chip vs 768cores on the Intel  The Tiger Lake CPU clocks higher (3ghz base, boosts to 4.8ghz, all core 4.3ghz) vs 2.4ghz base / all core boost to 3.5ghz on the AMD chip  Teraflops aren't the end all of performance metrics in games, but it does play a major a factor in many of them. The Steam Deck is the slowest handheld PC when it launches after all. this shouldn't surprise anyone for its value.
can't wait for the next version when it is more the size of the switch
Not only does this give people without a PC access to lots of games, this makes emulation even an option.   Imagine running Yuzu on this     ALSO THE ONLINE IS FREEEEE
Nintendo wasnt expecting this one lol
A few years later we can play RCPS3 on steam deck 2. Truly the best handheld console/pc
This looks like it might be not only better than the Aya Neo and GPD Win 3, but much cheaper too. Really impressive stuff!
... this is scrumptious
imagine worst part at some point Games releasing for steam deck exclusive
Hope can hook in to tv like nintnedo switch without high latency for non high refresh rate tv or monitor..
Was just thinking about getting a switch nvm lol
All the leaks about the Switch Pro were actually about the Steam Deck!
I’m a Nintendo fan all the way…but this is making me question what Nintendo is doing. Nintendo has more $$ to develop a state of the art handheld system, yet here comes Valve showing the world what can be achieved. Ball is in your court now Nintendo.
How does it work to someone with short thumbs?
This brick looks sweet! Does anyone know what gpu equivalent it’s runnin?
But can it run cyberpunk 2077?
As much as I'm rooting for it, remember: no preorders.
Can we connect it to a TV?
portable postal 2
This so lit .
OldSchool Runescape is gonna be so fun on this.
Nintendo audience representative here: trust me we know! It’s on every gaming/Nintendo website and it’s AMAZING. Valve do what Nintendon’t!!!
The guys look crazy nervous about it.
Well Nintendo just got destroyed
This is a waste of money, you can play pc games on your mobile with Xbox game pass
Wow this is actually super intriguing... kinda wanna pick one up
Im concerned about the storage
Can playing genshin impact ?
Very point terrible storage . Most pc games are 64gb and that micro sd isn’t going to do it .  Can we use external hardrives
*PC 2*
*PCP* = Personal Computer Portable. Better than Angel Dust.
telll meeeeee the dooooock price
Got mine reserved and im so excited
Now to wait for a price decrease
Anyone notice his shirt is a wee bit too tight?
Time to play tf2 portably >:)
Ngl this looks quality
Lost me at 720P
If they start emulate Nintendo switch on this device it will be headshot to Nintendo
Can’t wait to get some jack pleasure
Hope the bezel around the screen is removed ⭐️💯
A handheld for indie games?! Sign me up!
Hold on. So how can we switch the controller if it starts to drift??
Pass
Couldn't the focus groups find a better name?
That’s cool and all.. but can it run crysis?
Waste of money
Can it play warzone???
What is the name of the game in 4:27 ?
watch out for dota 2 mobile
So excited to get mine next year
I'm interested now in bottomed of controller joysticks. flip your controller upside down and use the joysticks with your meddle and ring finger . this would allow for extra controls. for example. having your gun aimed at a direction but then also be able to control a turret. or positioning of a command waipoint.
that's cool and all but can you guys make a tf2 update? can you at least play tf2 on this? I'm tormented by tf2 please help.
Gabe said the ssd is just an m.2 so techno you can upgrade it yourself.
Nintendo fan boys are gonna be really salty when they realize this can play every system they've ever created...
Jesus that white guy looks like he hasn’t slept in daaays 😅
Valve will abandon this just like all the other steam devices.
Nintendo : (Exists)  Steam Deck: AY AY AY AY (PILLAR MEN INTENSIFIES)
What is the approximate of the battery life?
My question is can a steam deck download Microsoft word?
So a switch that’s more powerful but doesn’t have Nintendo games!
Can u play Warzone on this ?
64 GB? What is this a joke have fun playing one game unless you want to spend 100+ on the better model. Why does the $400 one even exist? It’s not usable at all
PC 2 is coming.
whoa wait for reviews. their past devices didnt do so well
I m not sure about tye processor in it. Its only 4 core.. Most games need at the minimum 6 core cpu for 60fps on medium graphics...
Ew...
This is if the ps vita and the switch had a baby
A handheld game that can turn into a PC > Handheld game that can turn into a console. Even though people will still buy the switch because they love Nintendo games, the Steam Deck shits on the Nintendo Switch if you don't think about that.
Can play FFXIV and FFXV here?
This thing seems like it would be a great device for college! Especially since you can do essays on it when it’s connected to a monitor
That dude should shave his head, would take off ten years of age
At 2:00 guy looks like elon musk just the lite version.
can play csgo or dota?
Switch OLED only for someone who doesn't already have a switch, VALVe for emulation on the go portable PC Steam , 512gb SSD oh yeah
many people will play pirated games using this
hE PLAYS ON INVERTED AIM AAAAAAAAAAAAHGJGHG
Will this work with gamepass is my only question if so no need for nintendo switch unless u want nintendo games
What game was playing at the 4:25 mark?
Looks like a SEGA gamegear
Bro skyrim with mods ON THE GO.
The fact that big power is more affordable and compact now is a huge leap.
Ray tracing on a handheld... Holy crap are we in the 2030s
this is the future right here, switch and other handhelds needs to watch out and listen the people more
Dude.......Launchbox.......:D
Its like an upgraded Psp or a Nintendo switch. What if you can still play a DVD mmorpg online games and online fps games on this controller.  This would be the most portable pc set up for this time.
Just reserved mine for only $5 on steam!
This thing will destroy switch
Why is no one talking about how low resolution the screen is? How is this acceptable in 2021??
guy on the right looks like young Elon Musk...
can we get games without PC?
how much?
2:10 this dude has the face of Elon Musk
If they ever really make a third Half Life, sales for this thing will really take off.
Can’t wait to spend 700$ us to only be able to install two games . On a device with at most 600gb hard drive
is that young elon musk?
the touch screen seems to have the typical problem... 2:43
The Steam Deck looks like a dinner tray in Pierre-Loup’s hands
I'm on Deck
But can it play Star Citizen?
Game Name at 5:57 ?
We may have not gotten a Nintendo S Pro but we got The poggers Steam Deck
Can it genshin impact at highest setting tho?
This made the switch lite look like a toy
Pierre lookin’ like a discount pre-hair transplant Elon Musk
I’m sorry but PS switch and  Xbox will never hear from me ever again
Forget  searching for PS5, portable Steam PC is the solution.
“Ayo bro ur Wii U lookin weird what u do to it”
Thats huge
Габен, ура, спасибо!
YES !
Just reserved the 512gb version!
So this is why TF2 hasn't been getting any updates
How much £?
Where's Half Life 3?
hope with this lunch Steam Deck Valve will start developing a new game.
I'm predicting this to be  like stadia
What about VR?
Thought that was a nintendo switch lite at first.
The biggest thing I'm concerned about is how heavy this thing is going to feel
Yeah, but can you play maple story on it
This could be really big for people who are wanting to get into PC gaming for the first time
To expensive for a handheld
Super excited for this. Haven’t touch a pc in a decade and have a bunch of games on my wishlist that are pc only.
Pretty dope to think that this might be the first step to our pcs being so portable. Lan Party with the bros? no problem, Steam Deck, 60% keyboard and mouse all packed in the bag. Boom.
where’s Bo Less?
When Sony won't be able to overcome the shortage, this might become the best selling console 2022
This is legendary.
So we can play valorant on this device?
Gamer: where Half-Life 3? Valve: Hello to Steam Deck  🤔
DEVIL MAY CRY 5 ON THE GOOOOO LET'S GO
Can you steam link it?
Might able to fulfill old days of portable gaming like Nintendo DS and psp
If this can run an eGPU, it would be a no-brained purchase for me.
Playinf death stranding portable sounds so cool that game feels like it was made for handheld gaming
Does anyone know if it will run genshin?
well if epic games been wondering what steam been up to.
And Sony ceo said there was no reason to make a handheld.
2 Teraflops is fantastic + RDNA2 + 16 giga RAM = 60+ fps, while Switch is mostly indie games only or bigger games on low 30 fps
>4:3 track pad >16:9 screen >1:1 trackpad input Either this doesn't work how I'm thinking, or it's going to be just awful.
Imagine EA making this lol
The controls being near the top doesn't look comfortable to me. Hopefully that's not the case once it's in the hands though.
So literally don’t buy laptops or desktops just this.
Shut up and take my money! I'm waiting this type of devices many years! This hardware looks much better than GPD Win 3 and of course Switch. Welcome to PCP Era! Kirov Reporting! For the Horde!
Nintendo has nothing to be scared of… people buy the switch to play the exclusives, not for the hardware and graphics
Yay! TF2 portable!
it looks like the switch
Homebrew scenes : welcome to the party new boy
Nintendo just simultaneously shat and pissed themselves
The real question is is it bluetooth compatible for headsets?
But can it run Crisis?
Linux coming in clutch _again._
Got mine pre-ordered!
It will be 5 times better than Switch
I'd get this mostly for music videos and media. I'm not really a PC gamer. Now if switch can get some media app, I'd skip this completely.
so would you be able to download the epic games launcher?
Looks like another switch knockoff
"You can if you want to" Glad valve didn't forget it at this time lol.
Now we just need the internal tech of this device for phones and standalone vr
7 inch screen 🤔
That's pretty cool! So, Will the Steam Workshop work?   EDIT: found out it did my mind exploded
720p is definitely not ‘more than enough’ for a 7 inch screen…
does th steam deck have mesagers and  achievements?
ещё одна консолька... вы серьёзно)
Take my money
Screen is from 2013...
very impressive!
Габен походу очередную революцию запланировал!)
What about battlenet and blizzard games?
Can it run rust an shii tho?😂
64 gigs in 2021? lmao don't even bother making that one, save money in production, pass the savings top us, ty ty
Just imagine.. half life 3 exclusive on steam deck
Its the Atari Lynx 2.
Ooo yesss, we need portable console with high quality spec
Nintendo should watch this and learn. we've been waiting for an upgrade and they give us OLED? No, thanks. Hello, Steam Deck my new friend!
Watch it have drift like the switch
Just Improve VAC
The screen better be a touch one, otherwise no one will be able to play CSGO decently
Me in the comments looking for someone crying about how their copying nintendo
Can you use the desktop mode only while it's docked or handheld too?
I've had countless controllers break triggers and joy sticks, what happens when these break?
2021 PSP
A lousy switch knockoff!
Gothic its works?
If this can do Xbox Pass like the gaming laptops, I’m definitely buying this.
3:29 Jeez I’ve never seen someone sit so awkwardly in my life 😂
The low-end with 64gb gotta be a joke
Can we mod our games also ?
Ugh... if only the Crypto market bounces back up by the time this is ready to buy, then I'm buying 2 or 3 units!
Valve does what Nintendon't.
Imagine that you can connect your airpods, wireless mouse and a small wasd keyboard, that would be amazing
Let's not act like that's not a Nintendo switch on hand held mode
The only thing is the memory is so small.... 64GB is like one game nowadays man, really interesting device tho!
Too expensive! Got my switch for £220 + 2 games!! If I'm spending that much id just buy a desktop!
But can it run Crysis?
Thank you so much for this video
Steamdeck+ game pass sounds like the prefect combo
Dam the nintendo switch can't even run most modern games at 60fps let alone 1080p, and this mini pc can support raytracing and 1440p this mini pc is no joke.
Game
League of legends on the go?!! I’m so hyped!
We! Want! Heavy! Update!
Looks like a more uncomfortable switch.
As someone who loves playing video games in bed, I'm excited 😆
wow the switch just became right next to obsolete
It looks like a Wii U mixed with a switch
the steam controller was a huge disappointment, wont get my hopes up with this either
But can it run Skyrim Special Edition with 200 mods?
JUST BUY A LAPTOP
Does anyone know wheb this is available to pre order in aus??
Others: We'll lock them into our app stores and ecosystem, best way to make money is from all the royalties.  Valve: Actively supports modding, third party app stores, OS reinstalls. Everybody wants and will drop big for it.
when a hand held device has more power than your pc
If it wasn’t 400… I’d get it. $300. Sure. Not $400
Can you play warzone on it?
The layout looks uncomfortable for me personally
Valve switch? Ait
Mods???
It looks like the disfigured baby of the Switch and an Xbox controller. Looking at it is enough to make all of my digits cramp.
That is great. You will be able to play all AAA games which Nintendo Switch lacks..
Reserving my 512gb version! 😇
But can it run half life
The storage space is upgradable on all models. This guy rushed to get a review out and made assumptions without any research at all. Not cool. So sick of poor journalism. It's so bad and only getting worse now a days. Like hell, dude was full of often repeated review cliches that are used on nearly every controller review. "The dpad wasn't as clicky as I'd like but it was perfectly serviceable". Get an original thought.
Please answer: do you feel HEAVY? This is more than a iPad 12.9 in such a compact form.
Idk man PS5 is cool but THIS.. Can't take this thing to the bathroom though, that'd be insane. I'll never see the outside again!
1tf up to 1.6tf. Not 2tf.
"Played smoothly." PLAYED SMOOTHLY! Give us the damn FPS numbers.
This is the switch pro
This looks awesome.
Atari lynx?
Haha they hate us cause they aint us-- Luigi
can't wait to see people playing gta on the bus
What about red dead redemption
Nice
Oh man I’m excited for this
This looks really great
Now youre playing with power
This right here is my most anticipated thing of 2021.
Imagine installing amongOS on this thing
If it can play beaming and is very ready. Take my money
Can u play rumble fighter on there
Either your small or that thing is massive
Can’t wait to play Lawnmower simulator on this!
"Is touch enabled as well" 👎 Is touch enabled 👍
Now my question is why get this over say a gaming laptop
It looks amazing. Can’t wait for it to get scalped to death…
The important thing is if there is joy on drift
The switch has been real quiet...
Looking forward to playing on my Gabeboy
IGN is great in everything other than Sonic reviews. Lol
If this thing can do ps3 emulation well, I’m in.
You say this holiday season, but steam says Q2 2022.
this thing is epic. so much potential. much better than PS5.
Steam: steam does what nintendo doesnt
probably gonna be wack
Denke das es ein flop wird
only 399 for the entry level? i’m sold
will you be able to play blizzard games?
The destruction of the Switch is complete.
Dude just take my money...
720p in 2021. LOL!   Better to play this on that small screen where the image looks sharp, because as soon as you hook it up to your monitor the images will be stretched out and blurry.
Wow It's been a long time since ign got a million views
wow.. a nintendo switch pro... oh wait its not.
He said it will be available by xmas...  But, the Steam store states it will not be available until Q2/Q3 of 2022...  Just sayin...
Now, your move, Sony and Microsoft.
Thanks for the interview with developers, nor with marketing guys.  Cause developers will say everything without embellishment.
Oh yeah baby! Genshin Impact on the Switch Pro, (but not really switch pro since its a device made by Valve)!
Nintendo surely messed up this time
Ridiculously big and heavy
still trying to figure out how I'm gonna play hoi4 on this thing. like is there a zoom in or no?
Love all the Half Life 2 magazine covers in the background!
What does cyberpunk look like tho
The pc 2 is here
PC 2 is real 😃
Looking forward to seeing  other iterations of steam deck. PC form factor is smaller. Change the way we look at PC's.
it looks uncomfortable
So basically if you want to buy it, go for the 64GB model and buy an SD card
Yesssss but.... how durable iz it?
My only criticism is they need at least TWO SD Card Slots...
How to play football manager in this console? Work fine as keyboard command ?
Finally 2021...took long enough ,les gooo!
How is this even possible.
My first time seeing this: Nintendo switch 2?
Yessss
This console just looks like a buffed out Sega game gear
My nintendo 2ds is iMpress.
Nintendo: Now you can play on wider screen at the toilet!  Steam: You can now play a portable PC!  Nintendo: 👁️👄👁️
Don't say "it's available this holiday season" when only those who can reserve a unit will be receiving their pre-orders around December. And only steam account users can pre-order. Gives out a false sense that just anyone can expect to purchase one come the holidays and that's misleading
why not just rotate the controller behind the screen so that it can be used as a base so that the screen can stand up? that way it will be very fun if you play with a wireless controller..
why is  the sounds bad ?
to anyone: is there a really *light-weight* portable external monitor (approx. 15")  you can suggest?
6 Monate dann is das Thema durch .... handhelds braucht keine sau
reserved the 512gb one. lets hope it comes this december.
wow with trackpad ☘️
Why is EVERYONE in the gaming market, foreigners?? Like, where TF are the home grown devs?  Edit: just to clarify, I'm referring to handhelds
He looks like young elon tbh xd
Ay think ay will purchase it🤔
Why is the other guy staring so much at Pierre-Loup? It looks weird
My biggest question, how long will the battery last?
you know they weren't gonna show doom eternal footage because people would be in the comments making fun of the journalist
Hey look it's the steam switch
imagine playing with that to pop heads in cs
Standalone PCVR headset incoming?
A steamdeck with Alder Lake and dg2 would be 🤯
The only thing that I'm worried about is that button placement. Possibly quite uncomfort to play in a long time with that placement. Because it's not a final product, hope they reconsider the placement a bit.
What's the battery life like?
Finally a switch pro! Oh wait!
Interesting
Consoles in the mud 🔥
Game Gear 2021, minus those great games.
I’ve never tried to play on Steam but this makes me seriously consider this over the Switch!
y al xonectarla a un monitor, cual sería la resolución?
Can this run GTA 5?
Lord Gaben conquer the world
Wwwhats the cost 0___0
it supports all the games on steam?
Where is alienware ufo?
Nintendo Switch Killer
Linux based os? Meaning all games are compatible?
Microsoft has been doing something back room with valve. Gamepass coming to steam OS maybe?
Imagine playing Battlefront 2 or red dead redemption 2 on this xD
aren't those bezels a tad too big? does it even need to have crystal bezels at all?
This looks awesome.  Will it be able to play games that aren't on Linux?  Warhammer 2?
But Can It Run Fortnite At 240 Frames PER Second?
they need an option to disable the touchpads
There is no way that is comfortable to hold. Na fam
That machine is an overwhelming beast.
Are you sure Asian people finger have long enough to press the button
Yeah…but when do we get Half Life 3?
A lot of Nintendo fans mad about this one
The question is does it have drift
Mom: Son, nice new phone! Son: No mom, it's my new PC.
Wow seems like mind control is the only input that isn’t supported.
Oh my goodness guys images Minecraft Java!!!
The misty orchid transmurally weigh because composition bodily beam absent a resonant blade. youthful, quickest answer
At 399$ this IS THE GPD/ONE GX/AYO  and maybe even switch killer because its so cheap
Rename this thing “Switch Killer”
Hunt Showdown? 🤔
It looks like a game gear got robocopped.
Nintendo : *nervous sweating*
Shut up and take my money
What’s its price?
Switch pro is here
Looks cool af, but my Switch Lite is all I'll need for a very long time. Ciao.👌
Bye bye console hehe
Say goodbye to the switch
Haven’t had a gaming PC in a while.. they are so expensive now, and new hardware is hard to come by due to miners and scalpers. This looks to me like the PC gamers dream in 2021. Seriously considering this, especially since the new switch didn’t give us anything apart from a new screen that is still low res. This is also low res… but so much more powerful, and can actually play games decently it seems?
Does anyone else get the feeling their hinting something with all of the half life magazines in the background?
Me to valve : shut up and take my money
But will it drift? That is the question.🤔
Switch hate incoming
But what about the battery life? If its as powerful as they say, its battery life would be an issue.
The switch is kinda great you know but this is hot
Looks amazing but why bother making a model with 64gb internal storage. Thats enough for like 1 modern title. Mid range cell phones come with more storage than that these days.
TAKE MY MONEYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Steam games library are better than stock investment.. steam have better ROI with this handheld device 👍
Im gonna get this and just get the best storage option lol
A Wii U gamepad you hated so much
Damn, and with Nickelodeon All Star Brawl being just Smash Bros. With Nick characters AND it’s coming to pc. Nintendo is getting railed this year.
Valve: we will do what Nintendon't
But is it gonna be better than Nintendo switch?
glad my dota 2 battlepass money used by great developer xD
can you play dota 2?
A small pc.. so.. it's a laptop.. but it's not a laptop.
People need to stop saying this is a switch pro, they even say that it’s a pc and not a gaming console in the video. Why can’t both be great at the same time
So excited but forgot that it will most likely be scalped
WIll this mean we would be able to play only Linux-based games as steam OS is a Linux-based platform?
There gonna do so well with this !
so its like a GPD Win but like,, optimized for steam games?? :0 cant wait to see what ppl end up doing with this
In super hyped about this one, precisely what I'm looking for
selling for almost 1600 dollars on ebay hahahahahahahahahhaha.  for a 400 dollar tech
5 buck say, it will fail like most of steams stuff does
does it have one handed mode?
after all this, you let team fortress 2 down
This is absolutely insane. So you can play your steam library on the go, no doubt someone will develop a way to run emulators on the same OS as the steam library so you could play tones of console games on the go, and with the hardware I'm guessing it will be able to handle a lot. You can dock it with any USB 3 docking station to use as a real pc, they are allowing you to completely wipe the OS and fully customize it, the mouse pads, the full sized thumbsticks, and to top it off it has a sd card slot for expanded storage. W T F. Amazing. The sd card slot is the cherry on top, steam really, really give a fxck about there consumers, this should be recognized and appreciated. Take my money.
This thing is huge not just because it's an amazing product but the doors it will open for more companies to try and create a competition for this kind of platform which means better products for better prices over time and the consumer wins !!! really exited to get my hand on one of these
How well can it play Genshin Impact PC?
Why is it only 720p though?
Valve: Here´s a Linux based handheld with powerfull hardware! Nintendo: Here´s the same Switch with drift, and the chip from 2015..But now the display is slightly bigger..yeah...
So basically but it. Gotcha.
It looks like a upgraded switch
Is this strong as a PS4?
Can you use other launchers like epic or origin
so it's a linux OS that can play windows games, interesting.
Wishing for the Steam Deck 2..better screen..bigger battery..faster processor..more storage
Can't wait to stick the middle finger to Nintendo and play botw on this bad boy lmao
Touch pad control is all nintendo switvh lite needs imo
more fps is better.. high graphic also better..
My OneXPlayer arriving Monday will keep me happy until this releases in QUARTER THREE of 2022. As in 14 months from now. (for the 512gb version)
Bald Elon Musk
Which games will be supported.
Piano fell on my head  .. . . CONSEQUENCES
How do you play dota 2 with this?
Base model with 64 gb? Is that a joke? Most triple A games nowadays require more than that alone.       My 2006 ipod has 160gb. C'mon valve...
Finnaly dota 2 handheld mode lmao
GPD win 3 for the win
Is this possible to connect on an iMac?
So this what Valve is doing instead of cs go updates :D
Can't wait to see SCALPERS buy up every single one of them
LOL why does this even exist pc is beyond better higher fps and textures this is just a joke imo.
If this can play Star Wars The Old Republic smoothly, then I'm sold.
Is it possible to Play emulators on it
Shut up and take my money !
Nintendo fans still holding on to their precious switches
it's basically a PC, especially in these times where the hardware is so damn expensive.
You wanted a switch pro, here it is.
I'm reserving one as soon as possible...can't wait to put all of the arcade classics on it...
but can we play gta 5 on it?
Looks cool but ima wait until it becomes actually available aka. 3 years after the release because all the scalpers are salivating over this.
What is that game at 6:01?
Lol the white guy kinda looks like he's being held hostage by the Asian dude hahahah
Muestren más sobre la consola, gameplays
Tje guy on the right looks like bald Elon musk
zen 3 would have been better.
The should have included dock mode
wait.. this is Have Gyro ?? hm.. PUBG test plz
Tf2 on the toilet tho….
Finally PC 2
EA and Epic Games: Write that down! Write that down!
Can it run Halo MCC?
But can it run Yuzu or Cemu?  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)   (Yes, Yes it most likely can)
This is actually blowing up
Will all steam game be available or will we have a "this is not compatible yet" alert in some games?
This is great.
So if some people can make a switch but it runs like a PC surely Nintendo can upgrade and do something like this
And it’s already sold out for the next three years
All hail Gaben
Nintendo just called. They want their Switch back.   jokes aside, It looks nice.
hi
Have you had your hands on the 512 GB model? Would like to know if the show Device was the one with the Premium anti glare screen. Would really like to know the diffenerence in looks to the Standard Version!
Nintendo who?
It uses Arch btw
Why no other external storage options?
I'm fascinated by that bald dude's eye movement
Half Life³ confirmed!!!
goodbye sony
Yes yes that's cool and all, but can it play TF2?
Ooooooooh why didnt u show us that tekken 7 gameplay on that
Wow its so beautiful
Massive RTS games?
It's been confirmed the nvme can be upgraded
Steam Deck, The Perfect Handheld Emulator for all those old Pokemon games and Neo Geo Pocket Color Games, time to get raspberry pi or retroarch working on that PC, woooooo LET'S GO !!!!
TAKE MY MONEY!!!!
Just make sure you stay near an outlet lol. For real though in a car or a plane where you can have a constant source of power this would be awesome. But looking at the specs, even 2 hours seems optimistic if you are playing most modern games.
something tells me a bunch of third games are gonna be exclusive for it
works with discord or teamspeak ?
As a person lives in 3rd world country this looks pretty amazing for me.
omg
A handheld PC… The Nintendo Switches worst nightmare
This is the kind of thing that can turn pc gamers into console gamers in a snap.
Nintendo switch Left the chat...
Im wondering how itll play with other launchers 🤔 im on a hella valorant kick so id like to be able to play on the go sometimes.
So FF14 and WoW are now portable.....the end is nigh
But can it run crysis?
*But can it run Team Fortress 2?*
So... Can it play dota?
One day we will get Half Life 3
YouTube only gives italian auto subtitles. Maybe you should look into that.
Steam OS (Linux).....😋Lovely.
I'm not very learned in PC stuff so the excuse in advance if they covered it. Will this thing melt throughout a prolonged session and what is the average timespan until it breaks?
So can we run adobe programs on it?
Watch nintendo try to get a lawsuit on valve for this
nuclear bomb for console confirm o_O
If it runs rdr 2 and battlefield 2043 I’m sold
getting one is gonna be a chore
Can you play all the games in your steam library Like for ex gtaV?
Hell yeah brothers the new Nintendo Switch Lite ultra black valve pc handheld gaming platform with motion control is here!!!
Lucky ones at IGN you could play it already.
we need to know if Outriders work with Steam Deck
this aint competing with nintendo.
A bit expensive for my taste.
But can it run crysis?
This thing lookes great. But Valve should have left the middle option out and sold the 512GB version 100 bucks cheaper. Additional storage isn't that expensive. Don't pull an Apple on us.
Next generation APU? Zen 2 cpu architecture is last gen..
* proceds to Install cracked Software *
Literally looks like knock Nintendo switch
4:27 which game is this?
so you are the son of deck huh?
Hmmmm what does this remind me of
reminds me of ngage vs gba
Steam deck is all you need, well emulator is your bridge
Nintendo switch...
awesome. no reason to buy a switch!
2,1m
Big win for Linux
Can it handle battlefield?? 🤔😁
GTA 5 please 🙏🏻
Imagine the emulation potential on this!
This will be THE emulation machine.
Guys, we have finally waited for THIS! It's is PC 2!
Duuude ima get this instead of the ps5
The Steam Deck definitely isn't a PC. Why else would it not allow for multiple games to run at once and switch between them? It also won't run Windows executables out of the box. It's a custom Linux based OS and frankly while that may be enough for most people, it's definitely no PC.
Please let this come to fruition. Please.
So this is a "Gaming-Laptop" for just 400 USD and able to run Games like Diablo 3/Diablo 2 Remastered/WoW tbc classic ?
Valve should've send it to actual tech reviewers not ign
Será 🤔?.
Apex Legends and Borderlands 3 tho?
Finally! Team Fortress 2 in the toilet room!
Meanwhile I'm thinking about running pcsx2
Я ЖДАЛ ЭТОГО!!!
Can you play star citizen on it ???
Dang what is that intro song? Wasn't expecting such bass in a chill intro style kinda music :D
Slap to the face Nintendo Switch haha..!!! Im reconsidering this.. Bye Nintendo hello Steam.. 😁
it has er amd er cpu er with er er 2 terralfops er which should errr uh hmm.
Awesome but I’ll wait and see if it has any type of issues
But can it run Crysis?
What I'm confused about is how a system running a custom Linux distro can play games well that are designed for Windows.
This is like the Lisa Lionheart to Nintendo’s Malibu Stacy with New Hat. Hoping it will be much more successful! Anyone else ashamed they spent so much money on Switch versions of games they already owned on Steam?
Question is how many exclusive will this have?
Yup this gonna be fizling down like Steam Console ....dont know about US but it will seriously dry up in Asian Market .
Excited to see how this affects more of gaming in Linux space 🤩🤩🤩. Valve has been really active in improving linux gaming already 🤩🤩🤩
scalpers in coming
Nice
They should of just name it the GabeBoy
Why is Microsoft/ Xbox not making something like this? This is a really great concept
will they ever announce Half life 3 is the question we should be asking
Bye gaming pc
put genhsin into it
but can it run crysis?
"Its a pc you can do what a pc can" *installs pirated steam games
can it run civilization 6？
I'm sold 🙌🏾
How's the battery life and memory size of games, did they port it?
Cant wait to get one to install Blender on it.
This thing is stronger than Gpd win3 or onexplayer?
Basically Valve just made pc2
The Steam Deck's success will largely depend on how it's marketed to console gamers. If Valve doesn't make it clear what is obtainable on The Steam Deck, then it could end up flopping, like how the Wii U flopped because the market was confused and undereducated on what the Wii U was.  Unfortunately Valve has a loooong track record of not explaining anything and leaving it up the end user's imagination to figure out what can be done with one of their tools. Hopefully, Valve has learned from past mistakes and will hold the user's hand on this one, but they're still giving pretty open ended answers about The Steam Deck, so probably not.
You can see from the video 4:59 that this piece of junk is too heavy. Not recommended for long hours play handheld.
1:43 dude looks like the old Elon musk lol
So it switch style but pc
Looks like the wii U gamepad =P
You can even emulate switch on it
Ok but does it make you feel like spiderman
Holy hell nintendo just got roasted with this lol.
Cannot wait to play game on this
How about the price?
All valve fans: "we need half life3 and more tf2 update" *Valve:"yooo nintendo with windows OS"
So it's a better version of the switch but with reasonable priced games!
So beautiful. <3
Finally, we got PC2 also known as PCP (PC Portable)
it says "hands on", but it is just another interview
Nintendo snow flakes: 'but it doesn't runs Nintendo games'  Me: 'hmm have you heard about emulators dude?'
Me: bought a switch a couple of days before this announcement   Also me: hum…gimme *THAT* too.
... welcome to the future. Ladies and gentlemen. too bad those poor forgotten souls who died from covid and other stuff. the future is expanding way more
Now this is baller, Playing Fallout New Vegas Portably with a 70 mod load order is possibly the greatest advancement in gaming history
Playing emulated games on that thang 🤤
720p😂🤣 what are we in 2000
Will this be able to run games smoothly though? Thats whats bothering me
It looks nice but for gamers in europe this will cost, converting the price is just sad. 64GB comes at €419 (about 494 usd), 256GB is at €549 (about 648 usd) and 512GB will cost €679 (about 801 usd). So the 512GB one is pretty much 150 usd more in europe.
Handheld red dead? Sign me up
Bluetooth?!   If this doesn’t have „Joycon drift“ sign me up
Actually... If they can make a solution to connecta external gpu(desktop level), this one will be the best.   Takea away, low settings to pass game..  In the home, high performance with a gpu
Let's be honest this will just end up in the cupboard after a week or 2 like the switch collecting dust.
this is a *biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig* console
imagine one day we could possibly play minecraft on the go
im calling it now, this is just the switch, but better
Switch Oled happens because Nintendo though they had no competition.
Buy Steam Deck >> Install Nintendo Switch Emulator >> Congratulations! now you have Nintendo switch plus
What about VR?
rather thick design than long shape design
Can it download twitch?
let's be honest most are going to make it an emulator beast and pc high sea sailing device
A LAPTOP?
Would've loved to see this video recorded at 60fps to see if any games besides Portal and Hades ran at more than 30fps
PlayStation are you watching this?! You need to make a new one!
Can you install gamepass on it?
16gb of RAM is plenty for running any heavy software like video editing, 3d modeling etc. this machine is a beast and can be used for professional work with the dock.
believe me it will fail
Seems kinda pricey ngl
How long till it gets a switch emulator and Nintendo sues them.
I'm honestly worried that it might overheat
So y’all stopped l4d for this
Playing smooth - 30 fps? 60fps? 144 fps?
Steam Game Gear
Steam Deck: 'exist' Switch OLED: "Are you challenging me??"
F for people with small hands😔
if you can run blender on this its going to be EPIC for designers etc
I'll buy it when Left 4 Dead 3 comes out.
Wait this is literally just a portable gaming PC, and can use Windows?! Ok now this is now the perfect console.
I’ll stick to my switch, thanks.
Nintendo reps: We are taking gaming to the next level with an... OLED SCREEN!  Valve reps: That's cute hunny, hold my poodle
So basically a laptop with small screen?
Looks perfect, finally a way to play TF2, left 4 dead and back 4 blood on the go!
7:57 Ah, but you are wrong! Gaben said you CAN upgrade the internal storage.
The beginning of the end for consoles has started
See that Nintendards..this is what The Nintendo Switch Pro should look like..Maybe you'll get the Original Switch Pro in the future in 2035 after they release the Nintendo Switch Amateur, Switch Beginner and Switch Senile.. it will take 10 years or more  for you to feel the Pro 😭
me : installs windows and pirates games
so can we play cod warzone BR ?
And that pricing is nice too!
PORTABLE SKYRIM WITH MODS LETS GOOOOOOO
The only issue is, the average consumers who are not tech-savy will still buy the Nintendo switch for its portability and smaller size. The Steam Deck is really for those Steam users... Kind of different markets, definitely wont kill Nintendo.
Sued
Does it have a capture button
Now just make a dock mode for this and this will be the next very popular demanding console / handheld
Ground breaking. Like a psp but newer
can run half-life alyx？
*see ATLAS from Portal in the background*  Portal 3 confirmed!
can it run dota2?
the future is now old man
What if the joy stick has that lag. Can you replace those? Atleast with switch you can buy more joysticks. Thats my only con. I'm hoping to play age of empires on it and maybe emulator to play mario rpg since they  don't have any desire to remaster it
Steam Deck sounds like what kids these days would call an Upper Decker.
This reminds me of the sega game gear.
What dumb Microsoft should have done.
but does it come with a free half life 2?
Half life 3 looks like it's never gonna come out, with the sale of steam deck
So now we're are ready for Half Life 3.
definately better than phones
so can it run RDR2 ?
valve is going to end Nintendo's career
Friendly reminder: Cyberpunk was hype too.
I’m SOLD
that is not a pc it basicly a steam machine made to look like a switch dont let them fool you
I'm sorry who has access to the newest and coolest gaming tech for pc, and actively chooses Death Stranding for the M&K portion of reveal. IGN, thats who
.......can you make a phone call on it?
Nice
Oh look another piece of hardware from Valve that came out of nowhere, and that will never be abandoned like all their other hardware. Remember Steam Machines, yea neither does Valve.
Who needs a Ps5 of Xbox when this exist
Now pc players have something to play while their on the toilet bc we all know pc players dont leave the house
lol steam deck just outshines nintendo in every way
It’s going to flop, no real reason to buy it.
how powerful is the apu? any benchmarks that we can see?
Not sure why there is so much comparison between this and Nintendo Switch. It’s two completely different systems for two completely different game targets.
Nintendo just got Owned.
If it performs as well as they claim it does, we might be looking at the beginning of the end for the console era.
It's too big. It would be awesome if they can make the screen scrollable so it's easy to transport and lug around in the backpack.
where the hell is the verdict
This will obviously sell like hot cakes, imagine if they get into the traditional console space and do it right this time around 👀
Why does it look like my Sega Genesis :/ bring back the dolphin game!
This is why we like Valve
I’m buying this lmao 650 my wallet will hate me but lets goooo
Nintendo Switch died and Steam deck proved it
The base modell is 419 € :(
You can play mugen on here?
The stiff priest thermodynamically subtract because rhinoceros singly lighten throughout a illegal prose. , smoggy debt
Make the dock an external graphics amplifier and you'll replace pc entirely.
Take all of my money!!!!!
Meaning it will cost your entire soul to get one of those
Garbage screen
Finally gonna be able to play Euro Truck Simulator 2 on the go :-D
The real question is why not just buy a laptop with a controller?
my new gaming chair is the toilet
Can it play Squad and Cyberpunk 2077?
That is amazing
*runs a reverb g2 VR headset on this.. 😅🤷🏼‍♀️*
This might be silly question but can you insert a physical game or is it just all downloadable?
"Valve has got, what Nitendon't "
It was just awesome
People: get us a switch pro Nintendo: No Sony: No MS: No Valve: Fine, I’ll do it myself
So cool!
Nintendo’s been real quiet since this dropped 😳
Fun fact : you are watching in half screen
Play Super Nate Adventure on this!
but can it play dota 2?
I'm not interested in buying this, I'm just glad it runs linux
just reserved mine!
If they can find a way to get game pass games working under steam os that would be amazing
Well technically  this is a pc so Install windows instay switch emulator then BOOM a better switch which can run zelda in 60 frame
Is this Compatible For mobile also like CODM
Gimmie
The Nintendo Switch Pro we wanted
This looks so cool. On screen keyboard and macros seem to solve for those games that need LOTS of keys like MMORPGs and flight sims.
VR  sappinteb  ? in stem decks
Steam Deck: The Switch but Better (and costs more)
This thing is basically as powerful as my gaming laptops graphics card 😂
Nintendo Swich Pro Max
why it has phone storage for pc games? 64 gb?😂
The STEAM library easily available on a TV. Yes please
So it's basically a more powerful switch?
cue shifty eyes 3:28
PSP : he is the chosen one
Valve - whole PC games library, full PC capabilities.  Nintendo - wE hAvE eXcLuSiVeS! Like Mario! And Zelda! And Mario! Did we mentioned Mario?
run yuzu/ryujinx on it, destroy nintendo's market share
nintendo: relizes they could do this istead of just giving us oled  also nintendo: ILL ALLOW IT
What game at 4:28? Looks really fun
nintendo users seeing how much they look alike lol
"it's possible that Valve tweaks the deck before launch" you have such a clear picture of industrial processes...
Can everyone stop comparing this to switch, Valve isn't that associated with Nintendo
Finally, so disappointed in switch. Specially after that make OLED only improvement
Wow
Fun drinking game that might get you killed. Take a shot every time Pierre-Loup says “Uh”
Imagine people people cs with controls xd
how to play dota2?
Could you play the newest battlefield on this? Or hell let loose? Or that viking survival game?
Drowning in the tears of Nintendo
unfortunately nintendo *always* wins the handheld market
Can you use discord?
What a nice little invention.
And my jealously and envy for PC gamers just keeps on growing 😩
already ordered mine!
It looks kinda promising.
Death of the Nintendo Switch!
anything revolutionary in technology, you need a Japanese with you
This can run total war?
Finally, my excuse to play doom eternal on the train.   just gotta come to aus first sadge
My fear is how will the thumb stick play out huhuhu
They should have 2 micro sd slots..!
what no ultrawide steam deck?  Pass :)
L
Get ready for it to cost 1000+ cause of resellers
720p ???? Medium settings??? Ugh
How much??
Omg yes!!
How well is this really going to do with something like Xcloud being available everywhere on anything? With higher screen resolutions? Genuinely curious.
2230 M.2 SLOT CONFIRMED BABY LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Finally a handheld console that isn't too small for my hands!
cried alittle idk why
I’ll never getting out of toilet ever again
Got me a reservation baby!!! 2nd tier.
From my point of view Nintendo Lost a huge opportunity not producing a new switch with better graphics, performance and new titles
Press F for those who don't have any Steam account
You can now play Doom Eternal and many more, lying down, on your bed.
Even gaming laptop costs much more without raytracing
Can you stream with this thing?
nice
This is the next Gen Switch I've been waiting for...
Which game is that at 4:25?
So this means CS...on the GO
A little pricey!!
Oh wow if this gets FSR support and FSR is worked on further we might see an incredible handheld device to beat them all. In its current state its still definitely better than the Switch by a mile
Nintendo Switch pro juts released
512GB Nvme has the same price with that nintendo damn switch with only 32GB shite
Does this have Destiny 2,Or mcc if so imma buy this
...and this, is the Steam D*ck... ...I'm here at Valve where I've spent the past few days hands-on with the Steam d*ck...
Im 70% close to buy this than nintendo switch
So you can slap a mouse and keyboard on this one and you can play dota or csgo?
So, it’s a PC 2
Counter Strike and Cod Warzone on the toilet! Can’t w8! 😎😂
Wow, I'm actually thoroughly impressed with this.
This thing is gonna fail epicly
HAH!! 64 GB on the base model... that's my skyrim installation alone (with modes) and I'm still lacking like 10 GB
NINTENDO : (chuckles) I'M IN DANGER
YeAh BuT cOuLd It MiNe BiTcOiN oN iT?
I’m so happy they used symmetrical joy sticks like Sony. Now my OCD won’t get in they way when using this system
Dota 2….
That 64GB could maybe fit one to two modern game. I’m glad there’s expandable storage. 64GB is just low unless you’re playing smaller indie games.
tell me your wrist isn't hurting bro
Vai da pra compra isso no Brasil não
The future is android
Might drop my old gaming PC for the steamdeck, monitor/ M&K, and laptop combo.
If this has no joystick drift then Nintendo should be scared
But can it play doom
they loooove trackpads steam controller, vive wands and now this
It can play offline
Game at 2:57?
Was interested until they said what the storage was..
So now console gamers can’t use the excuse of pc not having a relax way to play games.
I'm just wondering how game performance will be running off an SD card.  Any thoughts on that?
Probably gonna be sold out  too just like PS5 and Nintendo switch OLED pre-orders sold out as well
This is great but can you guys update steam ui a bit now it’s so yucky
Does it play resident evil or metal gear?
Virtual reality ?  Arma 3 ? Lmao
This is awesome hot🔥
How heavy is it, what about battery life?
Linux users: it's time to make the fans go brrrrrrr by installing Gentoo
Team Fortress 2 Gameplay?
Holy sh!t, this is amazing!
Maybe Nintendo will stop chilling on their throne of drifting joycons
This makes the switch look like a toy for 5 year olds lol.
Zoom class on the steam deck??
HARDWARE NOT FINAl grate hope they make portal 3 as well
Welp the joke of kids playing with a joystick in CSGO gunna become a reality now..
can play fifa?
Time to go broke
This is actually extremely impressive
Ill Buy this no Nintendo Switch OLED 😂
NO BOTW2, NO BUY.
Wow. Can It play TF2 too?
If support  game pass, I'll get one of this
AMD truly wins this gen
Battery life? No mentioning means it has very short battery life for sure.
That price, it's more affordable than some phones.
Gonna have to buy
Ima get this and play genshin :3
Im so buying one. Great move, gabe.
Base is only 64gb .... that's like 1 game😭😂
Who else got a reservation for one? Will be nice with my Series X 🙌🏽
Will this be able to run overwatch, rainbow 6 siege, and gta 5?? Will you be able to download Valorant??
I'm buying this instead of a ps5
what is the name of the game on 6:00 ?
remember the PC 2 memes, it's here
OK,it's time to play DOTA2
It's really bad
Yakuza series would be perfect on this.
Already wanna order this puppy
pre-ordered. Easy cop.
Would it work with VR too?
Is this a cloud service or is it actually running the game. And can you play games like the avengers and battlefield?
блЭт, а можно на русском?
What is name of the game that he was playing on desktop other than Death Stranding?
This is actually dope.
if it supports emulator, then we can play Breath of the Wild on it.
Dota 2 mobile will be lauching next year. Watch out
Me and the Bois waiting for invoker gameplay
Just hope it would be able to run dota 2 without crashing everytime you find match
Why does this feel so much like the win 3 GPD?
Nintendo: Seppuku
Warranty? 🤔
Nay my friend, they won't make anything better they gounna cheap everything out til it's serviceable to "use"
This is why TF2 never happened  Too bad there will be only 2 steam decks ever  Valve never counts to 3
Bless gaben
;)
Who need nintendo toy anymore
Valve does what Nintendon’t (Just like SEGA)
6:00 which game is this?
Still need to get switch for playing Pokemon.
The question here is.... Does it drift?
Next step would be making a console pc like this, where you can play any game on the internet that would be hard 🔥
what games is this 4:25 ? ty
Plank boii
Looks awesome.
So, how does Linux-based Steam OS play DX12 titles?  Also, OneXPlayer.
PC gaming is going to die!!!
3:07 - 3:29 is some of the most humble stuff they could’ve done, some may call it lazy, a terrible idea. But that is seriously one of the nicest stuff they could’ve done for us, rather than completely lock us in. That is why steam is so beloved by their community.
Ey ya notaron tmb las aplicaciones en ingenieria y tecnica que puede tener???
Brasileiros?
2:43 screen doesnt respond and he has to try again lol
This honestly sounds like a winner.
Valve just destroyed the new switch wow
play monster hunter world.. wanna see how it handle
Any company that isn't Microsoft, Nintendo, or Sony releasing a console is a HUGE deal, this looks awesome!
neat.
This is heaven~~~~
so this is big boy switch. if it wasnt for pokemon and zelda they would have been knocked out of the hardware game generations ago.
How about desktop vr?
But will it be able to run rdr2 or gta v?
Rubbish. Nintendo all the way!!!!
Let's just hope we don't get Valve drift-
Breaking news: This is 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 that is all.
So how long until Value discontinues support for this?
7:34 Storage space and storage speed
They need to make the screen bigger
the dude on the right has a big brain
Nintendo is shaking and crying rn
Definitely gonna get
Can it run Minecraft thou? 🥴
(looks at price tag) Well, there goes the last of my college money.
All cool and all but the battery of steam deck, is it going to vanish in thin air like the Nintendo switch or will be improved? For sure it us
So half life 3 Is going to be in the steam deck?
Looks like a failure waiting to be revealed
Can it run Far Cry Primal?
This is why CSGO wasnt getting any attention
Nintendo making switch oled: ahh whatever we dont need better specs,  Valve: hello there            Nintendo: ;—;
Switch make a pro. If they can do it. Yall can
this would force nintendo to pro up their switch.
Me: cool nice job Valve: thanks Me: when half life 3 and portal 3 Valve: uhhhhhhhh
You know what's cool? If the game cant run on Steam Deck, you can probably install GFN or xCloud to run it, perfecto.
Scalpers will aim on this....😖
I've never used my computer and thought "what if the screen was smaller, the performance and graphics more crappy, and not at all ergonomic, that would be great"
steam store says Q2 2022 you said this holiday season
This "gamer" was playing portal with inverted aim. It hurts💀
Portable PS3 emulator..just sayin Metal Gear Online PS3 multiplayer on a handheld, it's just the future ok!! 😁
emulators
I'm not gonna lie, this looks pretty dope !
But can it run vr?
5:32 what game is it?
Is that a switch pro?
Nintendo fanfreaks be like: "This won't even sell well"
You Can't play Friday night funkin!!!!!
They mention a few times it works using a usbc dock… why do you need a dock?
Now that's a cool product and the price is right unfortunately this going to be one of those hard to find items around Christmas
Goodbye Nintendo
Everyone wanted a switch pro Value: fine I'll do it myself
720p? What is this 2007 🤣
Remember when all we had were gameboys?
Sony be like: 👁👄👁
but what's the catch??
Planned on buying a Switch, going with the Steam Deck instead
Nintendo Switch: Valve Edition: Pro
Woooo Guilty Gear Strive!!!
Reminds me of SEGA ...
Cooling  is op 😌
This review seemed bias
Omg, I’m so friggin excited!!!
Can't wait to play Persona 4 Golden on it and then emulate Persona 5 using RPCS3!
fully expecting them to get sued by nintendo lmao
Looks nice but the analog is kinda weird placrd at the upper sides.
the real question is can it play Minecraft?
Game gear 2.0!
Is it with Steam OS?
Switch destroyer.
blessed Gaben
Consider this: since the OS is open for modification and installing custom programs, you could put all your emulators on this thing and have the ultimate all-in-one gaming system.
Smart dudes
nobody better dis this.
Got my preorder in for the Steam Deck. Very excited for what’s in store! 🥂
The storage tho..its pc games..use a lot of storage
Hope to be able to dual boot this
"Think of this as a handheld pc" Does this mean we could run gbc, gba, or ds emulators on it?
Sold,  256gb, playing my steam library lying down, bring on battlefield 6 :)
Can it Dota?
The battery life tho...
Ugh you can SEE the input lag on 2:45
What is the game at 5:31?
But can it run cyberpunk at 15 FPS like the ps4?
This is better than a Switch pro, ps5 and xbox series X for me personally. This is coming from someone who has 4.310 games in my steam library.
Beware the fcking scalpers
Looks promising but I’ll have to wait and see how it is when it comes out. I’m not spending over €500 just for the craic
switch done right
pricing pt will make or break this thing
2 Teraflops in a handheld versus 1.8 teraflops in the PS4 (and only 0.39 in the Switch). We really have come a long way in just 8 years.
But can it run Crysis?
Can’t wait to get slaughtered by TF2 bots on the go!
Imagina o preço disso quando chegar aqui no Brasil………….
Wich game is this at 4:29?
1:42 this dude looks like a skinny version of Elon Musk
But can it run Windows 11 lol 😂
This opens the door to so much opportunities..
perfect timing definitely getting this over the switch and until Sony can mass produce ps5
😊👍🏻
Nintendo: We released a new switch with better monitor.   Valve: lets release our beast!
Gonna be like the ps5.........Harder to find than Jimmy Hoffa.
OH HYUCK YEAH
whoa track pad and gyro motion controls. damn Nintendo tricks won't work anymore even their exclusives are not looking so tempting anymore.
What's the output when plugged in
Imagine Valve’s smile when they saw The OLED announcement and knew they had this
to anyone saying this is a ripoff of the switch, technically the switch is a ripoff of the psp
Handheld consoles do be making a comeback recently
Hope this puts Nintendo out of business. The fan boys are so blinded by Nintendo… a company that barley innovates their products. Nintendo = lazy
What kind of warranty will we receive if we get a lemon unit or if it dies 6 months in by overheating?
720p ? Come on
Internal storage "can't" be upgraded.....pc community........challenge accepted.
Witchter,  gothic und shooter aufn weg oder im Bett zocken?  Verkauf ich ja gerne meine Oni Taiji dafür.  Das wär mir sogar meine X-ray Wert
It's great and all but... only 60 mhz?  ouch
Oh yeah... this is a desctop pc, and of course you didnt have a chance to run a benchmark...  Any footage with the real resolution? Run please RDR, let's see!
Aya neo: wtf are you doing my friend
very disappointed this is only 45W. Make it 1080p with Fidelity FX scale up from 720p and 65W on the chipsets. That way you can still charge it on an airplane and play max graphics.
We need a Witcher 3 Switch vs Deck video
Why does this seem more powerful than my current PC
I’m new to this but it’s most likely a halo infinite won’t be on steam because Microsoft owns that right?
Shut up and take my money
these nerds look so nervous talking to the camera :'D
Remember playing Mario Kart on the DS with your friends on the bus? Now imagine that, but with L4D2.
how much this thing cost?
October 2022!!!  That's a long way away....oh well.  Will probably buy it when it comes out.
This vs alienware ufo?🤔
Steam Deck not out yet: D’Oh Pre-Orders available: Shut up and take my money.
Can you play like GTA 5 and RDR2 type games?
This seems like something you would see in a fake new console compilation from 2011 lmao
Sooooo Linux?
If you can hook this up to a tv like a switch im sold lol
Sanırım Valve'nin neden CsGo hile sisteminde çok uğraşmadığını buldum, adamlar nintendo switch yapıyorlarmış be
A switch advert before the steam deck typical 🤣
60 hz :/
CSGO on STEAMDECK
my switch is going to ebay. Im so buying this
World of Warcraft on the go!??
Hello, Based Department
For us old folks, grab your readers and go
OK now big questions: How many FPS can it run on a desktop monitor (assuming the monitor supports 144hz)? Would it run 140FPS?  And what would be the supported max resolution on normal screen?
I'm so buying this!
Does it have to stream the games like the old steam tv system or does it download them?  Edit: also can you run vive/index off it? 🤣
It really is kinda crazy how ahead valve is  tech wise
Vr be lightweight now?
Team fortress 3?
I’m gonna play Halo mcc and halo infinite on the go on this thing, literally my dream come true dude
The Switch: "Who are you?"  The Steam Deck: "I'm you, except everybody already owns my games."
Gamer : wet. Tech enthusiast : supa wet    Team Linux : *OH HELL YEAH BOII*
Spec-wise everything looks very cool, including the nvme, and the GPU surely matches the resolution requirements, but the CPU is less than half the power of the next gen consoles. Will that be a potential problem for next gen games built for the Xbox / PS5?
I’ve been waiting for this for years!!
I’m about to buy this instead of building a gaming pc. Parts are so expensive right now
But does it have valorant
damn the guy on the right is super nervous
Best time to launch it when no one can buy new consoles they will kill it and sony and microsoft will regret.We need more competition.
That's cool and all but can it play angry brids?
This is a absolutely fantastic
Can't wait! This seems awesome! I've been 9laying borderlands on my switch at 30 fps so this seems like a definite upgrade for those types of games😁
Where is the Nintendo "cease and desist"?
does GDP-Win have an answer to this?
Valve is the only company that could've been competition against Nintendo in this field. And lo and behold, here we are.
With fsr this machine will be even more incredible
Does GTA RP works on this?, what about cs go??
Forget the new switch imma be getting this 😂😂
Nintendo is so gonna sue them LOL "this mofo stole our idea!!" XD
So what size we getting peeps?
Nintendo switch for men
So you saw a GPD win and tried to make it better. Don't avoid it!
So this why update took so long
This looks amazing!
Price and storage?
Absolutely insane they can fit all of that power in there
it’s as easy as 1, 2, alyx!
We're getting closer and closer to a single device that can do anything any other electronic device can do.
PC on the go.... NICE!!!!
You can bet the pirates are going to install Windows 11 on it to play games for free
Valve getting tired of seeing gamers from all different platforms having a moronic civil war.  PC gaming going even more mobile than laptops with mobile gaming getting proper titles that aren't freemium garbage.
Mobile gaming has been saved
How could you not love this!😋
Nintendo: yeah, we have your so called switch „pro“, take it or leave it. Valve: ey yo. Wanna have your wished Switch Pro?
I'm gonna be playing with my Deck so hard when it comes out
So if it can run windows, you could use game pass on it ? Right? 🤔
Hmm, something smells fishy
How long until we install Switch OS on this Switch Pro
Why so many dislikes? Are those from people who are disappointed it's not out yet?
But can it run crysis lol
shut up and take my money !!!! been waiting for something like this
They just killed the Switch OLED.
Is this more capable than a PS4? Might play through the doom games again on here
The developer of this device works so hard that he lost almost all his hairs, salute!
720p in 2021..lmao..this thing is a joke
And just like that my gf will have to drive entire road trips with me laying in the back playing games.
The guy in the grey golf shirt is giving major Elon Musk vibes
Imagine playing gta 5 on the go!
$50 more dollars than switch oled and more powerful thats no brainer
How long before it's outdated and won't be able to run the latest games and if it's battery only lasts 2 hours this thing is going to flop badly
This means that shortly (6 months- 1 year to 1 year and a half) the market will be saturated with 2nd hand Nintendo Switches. Maybe for 20 dollars or less. Score.
So can you dowbload anything? Like Unity and make games on the go? Without any external devices?
Ok wait… so like any game on pc can be played on this
other companies of the gaming industry, I'd recommend you to relax your anuses. It's going to get interesting
Gamers: why wont we fund this??  Price: We don't do that here
Can it run monster hunter?
More evidence that Valve should concentrate in making games but of course we know thall never happen
When you see Glenn explaining the Steam Deck! Great console! A PC in your hands!!
looks like we are going back to the 90's of the game gear era
Lmao its a Game Gear revival. Will flop
Of course scalpers are gonna ruin it as they always do
It’s been a while since we’ve seen an incredible device like this🤞
This is pretty cheap for a HANDHELD gaming pc you can connect to a monitor
What game is being played at 4:28?
Finally, PC2
yea my gpd win 3 is available does everything and has a touch screen instead of pad....
Sold!
Everything the "Switch Pro" shoulda been.
This is the "Kill Switch"
「Nintendo Switch Requiem」
"Get a switch instead, it's cheaper." I've seen these comments. Everywhere.
“One small step for gamers, One giant leap for my wallet” ~ Neil Armstrong Jr. the Ocho
Track pad almost like a mouse… I’ve heard this so many times and it’ll never be true. Definitely a lie.
Imagine having money so you can get the things you want ;~;
8:06 why sdcards? Why not nvme drives?
Lower resolutions are more ideal for mobile gaming because you get better performance out of it.
can you play any pc game in this x) like DOTA 2
This is definitely one of the cooler pieces of gaming tech I've witnessed come out in the past few years.
Mc java portable pog?
Got my pre order secured...
Uhh , uhh and more uhh
Imagine playing CSGO on this
Could this run Kontakt and a music DAW, like Cubase?. If so would Windows need to be installed?
Just because you have one of the robots from Portal doesnt mean your a Steam fan. Naw, Im just kidding Mr. Moore. You seem like a cool guy. We like to have fun here.
Looks mediocre at best I'm actually going to buy the OLED instead of this
This is more attractive than upgrading my GPU :)
If these actually gets popular and works as well as advertised this could make the switch look a lot  less unique.
The future is now old man!
Been wanting something like this since the PSP
Who would have thought that Pc 2 would come out before Half life 3 :c
and still no half life 3
256GB Gang Report In!
Can you get the Xbox gamepass on it?
This is healthy competition for the Switch. I'll be picking up a Steam Deck next year.
What’s the game at 4:30 …?
Gyro is amazing. Use it this time, you fools
64gb 399 is a joke and they want us to play games from sd card GGWP
Consoles to buy for me in the future:  Switch Pro for Family Games PS5 Pro for Pro Console Games Steam Deck 2 for.... Everything else.
This is a dream come true
The fact you can wipe it and run linux on it is gonna be big buying point for gamers/hackers. If it boots from the SD card it's game over, buying it.
just pre-ordered a 256gb model.  :)
Barely more powerful than the Nintendo switch. barely. Valve stop wasting money and make half life 3 and left for dead 3. I hate you.
*Friendship ended with Nintendo, now Steam is my friend.*
can you imagine if the launch game for the Steam deck is half life 3?
Valve saving the day after Nintendo announced Switch OLED...
Color me impressed. Will for sure get one love handhelds and this is the next level of hand held devices for sure.
Sick, can't wait to throw this out of a bus window while playing dark souls on my way to work.
Nintendo’s main draw has always been their franchises. Calling it a switch killer is dumb cause it ignores the main reason people bought the switch. (Not a Nintendo fanboy btw)
Cancel PS5...
Getting Oculus quest vibes, this is crazy cool
Toilet Diablo 2 Resurrected. Dreams
people keep comparing to switch, nah fam this is the VITA reborn
if they can really get anticheat devs to support proton, that will change linux gaming.
Jesus they're killin the switch with this one, seriously it looks fantastic!
Will drivers for the controls be available for windows or other Linux distros?
not hl3 but ok
A way out of season April Fools joke lmfao.
Makes the oled switch look like a joke.
"giving you yet another option for controlling your games"...I see what you did there.
weird
"hide behind the steam deck. its safe there"
Huge
Gamepass on this gonna go crazy.
1280x800 is not that great. The most expensive model is the same as the cheapest one when it comes to its display. No console gamer who really plays will be happy with the downgrade of the display. Unless you play on the switch.
It has an apu so no thanks
Can't wait to play modded Skyrim SE on this.
this is way better than a switch. Proper games for a start
Just preordered this. Aside from errors within the first few minutes, was able to reserve one. How refreshing.
LETS FUICKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Can't wait to get dominated by bots in tf2 on toilet
Its just need the switch feature of removable joycons
Just saying, when the Steam Deck 2 comes out, you're gonna feel butthurt about gen 1 specs, just like with the quest vr headsets, waiting for better hardware (and especially for post pandemic market) is a must That being said, this is a fine capable machine and I'll probably pick one of them up in a few years
please give us a sim card slot
What game are they displaying at 5:31?
Can’t wait to wipe out the os and make a second pc
is that young elon musk?
Them cooling vents are legit...
my question is the file size of the games you wat to install in steam desk are the same as on pc or it'll be smaller?
"The power of the sun...in the palm of my hands."
can it play VR games?
Nintendo R.I.P. I hope you made lots of money while you had the chance.
Just pre ordered mine
How much will this cost
Works for GGS! I'm sold!
How is the deck going to emulate the switch?  The switch isn't that weak...its about 1tflop in power compared to the deck with 2tflop.  The youtube videos show them using 1080 to emulate switch.  The 1060 has 4.5 tflop, the 1080 has 9 tflops.  I'm not sure a 2tflop machine like the deck can do it properly.
Can this play modded skyrim.
Forgot the most important feature...  Can it run crisis?
Not just sell me a new vr headset with foveated rendering that lowers the pc requirements of vr games.
The storage is quite low for the price of $399, isn’t it gonna force people to buy a version with more storage
Imagine play EU4 there
Will this be able to play pc games?
Sold csgo skins for this
How exactly is this device not gonna overheat?
Wait a minute so WE CAN PLAY WARZONE ON 120FOV ON THIS THING!??!? 😆😆
Will this play full AAA games like cyberpunk?
Ma favorite part: "The point ist: You can, if you want to." This should be standard for all electronic products going forward.
Valve releases a switch killer’s console.  Nintendo: Procceds sueing a Valve’s worker named Mario.
GPD win just got GPD rekt.
Atari Lynx
whats the price?????wow........thats crazy
Wonder how it'd be like playing dota here
720 is ridiculous we need a handheld that runs at 1080p
Bet all those developers that went exclusive with epic are thinking ‘ah crap wish we were on steam’
Only 64 gig base model seems useless since many games are bigger than that already without expansions, dlc and updates.
can you play valorant?
So will you be able to play on the go? Or no cause you would need internet?
Sooo what can this do better than a laptop?  🤔
Imagine playing elden ring cozzied up in bed
Oblivion on the go at last?
Pre-ordered mine! Woohoo!
if you buy the 64gbs you cant play warzone
Can you download the games to the handheld
Shut up and take my money!
An Emulation *BEAST* is what it’s going to be!!!
This could be miles better than a switch. Only hard-core PC gamers who have tons of PC games already. But I'm excited about the future
2 hours battery?
Looks cool but unless your computer is a potato you’re not gonna buy this
Wait? They actually made PC 2?
Looks like a sega game gear almost 😂
can you play very old steam games which doesn't support controller such as witcher 1 or lord of the rings online (2007)?
But can it run crysis?
Hmm the bluestacks and nox capabilities will be interesting 🤔
Already have my gaming pc. But the ability to take my 1000 plus game library on the go when traveling for work or other activities, is to cool to let it pass. Allready got mine reserved, and am excited to see what valve does with the dock from here ✌
"[...] combined with the gyro sensor, which gives you a _weirdly precise_ level of control [...]"  Nintendo and flick stick gamers: First time?
Will it play Nex Machina?
Олег не нужен.
Nintendo be seething
Will Runescape work with this?
Welp, guess I'ma have to drop another roll on another Valve product. Smh. (Joking for the most part, but this is pretty cool. Guess a better GPDXD?(
Got my pre-order for the elite version  can't wait till its out
Y el RGB ?
Discounted Elon
Wow Valve is gonna bury the Switch and Vita DEEP
gmod on the go lmao lets goooo
Ehhh it looks too big tho
Really incredible. Make it as a tablet, normal linux kde skin, with a 5g modem, and i'll eat it. Perfect stuff for work.
Oh wow a PSP oh wait already made this 14 years ago guy's, nice try tho
Finally, PC 2
The Pc looks amazing. My 100$ AMD Calls are going to print by next Spring baby <3
Does anyone else think this thing looks like the old Sega GameGear? Looks way cool!
This is a huge step for Linux gaming too man, Valve is literally a blessing to the PC gaming world. Hopefully this will increase the proton updates!
I'm curious on how Family Sharing will work when you go offline/portable.
Basically Valve just executed Nintendo.
atleast this Christmas is a beauty
this is what they need  steam users
lol this just surpassing everything
Will you be able to play with friends?
Bravo Valve, I'm insanely impressed that they will sell the base model at $400. That is an insane bargain, meaning you can buy an insane SD card size and blow past the higher storage size models for a fraction of the cost, only losing the faster NVMe. Another thing to note is that this is an PHENOMENAL alternative to people holding out on building PCs because of the GPU shortage. But there will most likely be a shortage of these too, hoenstly.
My prediction is this will flop
Wank. Doomed to fail like that shite Steam Box.
With the omission of eGPU support they are losing a large chunk of sales. OXP, GDP and similar have things shipping this very week that have eGPU support as well as similar or higher specs with the current Tiger Lake chips. Steam Deck barely hits VR specifications. Probably worth waiting for version 2.0 that lets you do VR and eGPU (again like currently shipping One X Player-like devices). If your goal is emulation or indie, there are cheaper devices and have been for years.
Friendship ended with Nintendo, now Valve is my best friend.
being as you can wipe the OS and install windows, if at a later date you wanted to put the custom OS back on it, would there be some sort of installer that you could use to reload the factory OS?
Gamegear?  Anyways I’d buy this just for San Andreas graphics m...... oh wait. Lemme hold horses 😂
remind me of the times were people installed linux/windows on PSP back then and all those crazy stuff... but now with proper hardware and input support
dual boot with Win 10 it will be perfect.
I’m screaming
wii u looks insane
Nintendo switch, take notes
screen is too small
Does it have game pass?
This is awesome
Looks like Nintendo has a competitor
Nice thing, and no it is not a Switch Killer, cause Nintendo has their game franchises most of us love, they are pretty much invincible at this point in time.
LOL  you can install windows to it, and IE Xbox Gamepass
Way to go Valve, perfect timing 👌,  that is one impressive machine. Hope it does well with sales 😀.
Absolutely hate it. Hate the buttons being right next to the Sticks.
Yo what id love to play dont starve together on here
where are the captions??? @IGN get it together!!
Looks cool, but it is drastically underpowered.  This essentially has a PS4 spec APU from 2013 (8 years old) and is less powerful than a Snapdragon 888, it is a little more powerful than the Oculus 2, and about the same as a Switch if run at its top frequency (not over clocked, but not underclocked like Nintendo did.)  This should have been a 4TF unit at least.
Dota 2 on this
can’t wait to play eft lmao
Its a nice idea, but what are thermals going to be like?
can you play GTA 5?
Switch is dead now
Love the new Nokia N-gage!
This will either be a huge success or a huge failure. No in between.
Valve: This looks awesome. Don't kill it after 3 years like other hardware because you get bored of it. Keep this around!
VALVE INDEX 2
Dock mode is pretty sweet
extremely impressive so far!! wow
Amazing ❤️
Soooo s-h-a-m-e this is not a console
So you have to install the full game, right? 64gb would be what like 2 games?!? hat makes that version borderline useless.
THIS IS REVOLUTIONARY!!
Valorant?
А в кс можно будет мамок тиммейтов любить?
Thanks for making the switch pro valve
im actually more interested in the OS, is based on linux but you can run windows games. That's sound cool
basado
The Valve Switch looks cool
Steam makes a portable gaming like devide slash consol and playstation and xbox is still AFK. WTF.
It has pinky and ring finger buttons!
Take that switch
Can we or can we not play csgo with it?
LINUX GAMING LETS GOOOOOOOOO
People: we want a Valve console Valve: it's not a console
dont know why its taken so long for another company to compete with nintendo in the handheld space. the vita was criminally under supported.
Everyone complaining about the $399 storage, you can literally buy an Nvme drive and put it in an enclosure and use it as external nvme that runs at low end gen speeds
Lmao you can run switch games better on this than the switch itself using emulators
Is this a ripoff of the Nintendo Switch?
so we cant upgrade the nvme drive ourselves?
Once again the West copies Japan.
the switch is officially dead
But the big question: is TF2 going to be on here or not
1 tb 450 dolar Realy chose
The non-nintendo switch pro bois...
Does it play half life 3?
You gotta love the "Steam" D :°D
Why did they name it Steam Deck when there is already something like Stream Deck (by Elgato) on the market. Couldn't they come up with a more original name?
So much for stopping scalpers...there already all gone. Gotta wait for the next set of deposits to become available..
this is Perfect! NOW! Nintendo Will have no choice but to step UP their GAME!! if they want to stay relevant,  THANK U STEAM !   😆  you did the community proud !
Gonna play fallout new vegas with it.
Can you play 32 bit games?
only thing im worried about is not being able to get one in december when it releases
Disgusting
Can you play Planet Coaster on it?
Might actually give up my modded vita for this
Wait since you can install windows, does it mean this custom APU has windows drivers? That would be weird if they made it only for Valve but still made windows drivers
Steam: it’s a portable gaming PC Razer laptops: am I a joke to you?
Can u play GTA on this??????
but can it run flight sim
The price is just wrong, or should be…
The Nintendo Switch has now become the new step child. No disrespect to any step children, I'm sure your abundantly loved, just a figure of speech
Don't be surprised if the Switch Pro comes out in the next year. This will for sure rattle a few cages at Nintendo
Switch OLED: Who are you?  Steam Deck: Im you but better
Can you play tf2
it would be funny if someone loads up a switch emulator and plays switch games on it! 🤣
This is what we wanted from Nintendo. Not a new shiny screen with old bad quality expensive controllers.
Value just crushed Nintendo
Finally...Fallout on the go.
Can it VR?
VALVE does what Nintendon't
controller build in is a no go .....
Lord Gaben really hit it out of the park with this one
Might as well get PS5 or Xbox
I'm actually blown away. This is better than the switch in every way except for the fact you can't play nintendo's games ofc
For the life of me guys, which game is it @ 5:55???
Will you be able to hook it up to capture card and stream it that would be lit!
I'm not even a gamer, just glad Valve is helping the adoption of linux
Nintendo: is that a mod? sorry you’re being sued   Valve: so basically you can wipe out the entire OS
No hd rumble / vibration?
Internal storage can't be upgraded? We all know that people will take the device apart and install bigger storage themselves.
720p gaming....... and no one is saying how many FPS you can get on games..... this is a flop SMH 720p only works on the switch because they aren't as graphically intense as pc games so you barely notice the difference but playing any game with decent graphics will be extremely noticeable
flop ...  if the stick or a button break ?
Finally, wizard101 on the go.
Pre ordered 👌🏻
@ 2:24 Homie really need to fix his hairline 😂
That thing looks enormous 🤣
Jesus took 30 min but reserved my pre-order 👌
This finna change the game
Game Gear 2.0
trollface
Hope we will be able to expand the storage ourselves or they release 1 and 2 tb options. 512gb seems a bit low in the PC space
есть русские как вам эта консоль
If Nintendo doesn't give us the nintendo switch pro in the next 5 months i'll sell mine to buy this
flop
Finally Tf2 on the go
finally got one after an hour
That's cool but can it count to 3?
I'd love to see Valve crush Nintendo despite thinking that handheld industry is not where valve should be trying, but it looks far better than any other steam machines they presented.
Im buying one
Question, is it all of game we buy from steam PC version, we dont need to buy again? we can call it to in?
hummm... what about DRM infested games like dead by daylight or vermintide 2 ? those don't work with proton
If the SSD is indeed soldered, then no thanks.
Can you play world of watcraft on it
Mom, can we have a nintendo switch?
And thanks to bots we will get it 2022.
AMD its time for more Games with FSR Support :P
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates 🔻
Cant wait to see what Emulation capabilities this thing will have. Also playing Games on a Handheld with the suspension like a PSP/Vita/Switch is just awesome. It helped me to play through so many longer games^^
This all seems great but what happens if/when one of the analogs wears out, gets particles or gets busted? Seems inevitable that it would/could happen and judging by appearance it doesn't look easy to replace by simply going to the store and buying a new controller. Perhaps if they they made it serviceable like a modded controller you can simply swap out analog switches/keys. Otherwise if that fails we're looking at a very expensive little gadget that will no longer be handheld.
Too bad we’ll only get to see one more iteration of this.
WHATS THE GAME AT 4:30
LINUX, GOOOOOOO!!!
This thing is beautiful ❤️
Is it just me or is the screen bezel driving you crazy? Why the huge black bar all around the screen?
Shut up and take my money...
Just a correction, the 64GB model is eMMC, not an NVME SSD. The other two models use an NVME
But can you connect a controller though?
Lmao its not gonna be a hit
“Hands on with Steam’s Di…” -what? Ohh, Steam DECK. Right…
great PS4 graphics..  PASS!
Does it come with tf2?
Since they say you can use any peripherals that work on PC, would you be able to possibly plug in an external HD or SSD
Ебать, Трэкпады это что-то новенькое
Waiting to do barter on Black Desert with this xd
Nintendo  -: Wait, What? Valve -: Relax kid, We'll take it from here.
This is what PS Vita should have been.
no exclusive games?
a smaller ps4
It would be cool if you could have an OS switcher, Steam OS for games and Mini Linux for web, email, etc.
It won’t last there were only be one more upgrade to it, valve doesn’t know what comes after two 😂
The emulation this thing will be capable of is gonna make me sweat...
Best machine for mac users
This looks really cool. Hope this makes Nintendo step up their game
Can we play cracked games in it?
This is such a powerful portable console!!, of course, not as powerful as my anxiety when the Steam webpage wasn´t loading during the pre-sale.
This going going to be massive
so can we play warzone on it ? lol
Okay now update the steam application
You guys think we’ll be able to download mods? Door skip animations for REmake for example?
The question is can it run crysis 3
The switch pro except its not nintendo
Finally gyroo
Watch and lern nintendo
This is gonna flop
3:33 Didn’t know Elon Musk is a Valve Developer.
PREORDERED GANG <3
The Switch killer is here.
Consoles are inferior.
Product availability will be zilch.  You will get a PS5 before this.
the controls look uncomfortable
"Hey let's sell everybody a $300 laptop with a 7 inch screen that plays in 720p. Compared to the switch, this is next gen!"
1:42 Wish version of Elon
still prefer nintendo switch
Nintendo in shambles right now after announcing an ‘upgrade’ and Valve comes in with this
*Heavy breathing.* Yes, yes brothers, a blessing from Lord Gaben, AMEN!
Does it have xbox game pass?
Could you play Battlefield 2042 on this? Is this literally the equivalent of PC gaming but handheld?
Play xbox games on this
I'm selling my switch.
It’s a holy grail of PC gaming hardware.  However, the price point for higher storage capacities is extreme.
This is what the google chromebook should have been Edit:64 GB is a joke tbh
Yeah but can it play Minecraft?
I'm a little bothered by how you gave Doom Eternal as an example but you were playing Portal 2. Let's see some new games on it.
This will not even come close to the switch… simply because the switch exclusives   This “console” will be easily forgotten
need at least one usb
Anybody excited about this has never used the steam controller.
Уничтожитель PSP
The only way this thing is gonna be competitive with the switch is if it can emulate a switch, and things like Yuzu and Ryujinx can do it but it's still not that optimized  You guys gotta remember that Nintendo is more of a software company, people buy a switch for Mario and Zelda, not for it's power.
That price though
cant wait to play yuzu on this 😁😁😁
Nintendo switch oled comes in:oh yeah im gonna be the new banger  Steam deck:uhm uhm
"The portable Cleveland steamer can be taken with you into the shitter, y'know, it can provide you some jack pleasure if you're on the toilet. Whatever you need it for." -Gape Newell
Nintendo sleeping at the wheel. Nice job valve.
64 gigs is like 1 game if we're talking AAA pc games. Unless they severely compress the game.
Been able to play on monitor, this is huge!
Wonder how Grim Dawn will play
This actually looks pretty cool unlike those old steam machines they tried in the past. I'm also very happy to hear that it has expandable storage because the internal storage was making me raise an eyebrow, especially the 64gb model.
720p is too low
But will it have stick drift?
what an amazing product.
Gotta be honest, its price is a big detractor considering its relatively weak GPU. It's long term viability is really in question imo. Unlike consoles manufactures that ensure that games are produced for the product for about 5 years PC's are not hamstringed by this at all and graphic fidelity can range very wildly in 5 years.
The only problem would be how bulky it is
But can you play online games with your homies?
Valve: Your not that guy pal trust me your not that guy..  Nintendo: are you?  Valve: Absolutely!
Why portal so much
Sony will bring back the vita/psp from the dead.
Then steam will make the new smash brothers
F nintendo seriously my switch lite is collecting dust cuz its boring to play why play nintendo when you have other game console and pc at home
Got my reservation!
Nintendo better not still be charging 300 for the switch after this release 🤣
Can it run cyberpunk?
Just realized you can run a Switch emulator on the steam deck if you wanted to! Why would anyone buy a switch now!
perfect pairing for my steam controller!
Is this out yet ?
The Valve Gabe Gear.
honestly its a bit pricey, and the storage really isnt enough imo. could just buy a laptop for that money and it would run the games better, sure it wont be as portable or handheld but its a better deal than this.
Me play total war games on the go as well as star wars empire at war jedi have fallen expansion lol
Me installing windows on it , finishing up my SE job plugging it out ,starting to play cs:go immediately 🙂
but can it run cyberpunk tho
Yessss! Switch needs competition. Greedy Nintendo!
Those buttons are way too close to the analogs. What's the point of making a groundbreaking, breakout new handheld if it's uncomfortable?  I've seen people online saying, oh you can still play it with a controller, which as great of a fix as that is, makes it inconvenient. Which defeats the purpose of making a handheld console.
That means you can use external hard drive on Dock mode? Cool
Vlave's resurgence begins now. The old king that was once thought to be dead and forgotten, now will reclaim it's rightful throne.
would have thought microsoft /xbox is the one developing this handheld device
Switch 2.0
So new version of Nvidia Shield Portable? lol
Annnnd I’m reserved. That process was very shaky, site continued to time out or give me errors. Stick with it in case you are frustrated.
As interesting as this is, I'm sure it will take years to get ahold of like the next gen consoles
It looks like valve was waiting for lazy Nintendo to reveal "new" switch to knock them out of the road.
Steam: introducing, the new steam deck!  Tf2: am i a joke to you?
looks like a wii u gamepad, not impressed. give us half life 3 !!!!!
its all nice and all but Im just waiting for it to be sold out in 2 seconds :( *cues sadness and sorrow*
At that price point you would be a fool not to get one of these
Just reserved my 256GB version. Lets gooooooooo.
Please be cheap pleaee be cheap please be cheap
Nintendo is sweating bullets right now. Competition means better games and hardware, and possibly a new golden era of gaming!
They focused on doing this than fixing tf2 , that is sus
What’s so exciting to me is that once FidelityFX gets developed more, it could be applied to a system like this with RDNA 2 and the possibility of even more portable power is very awesome
Micro-SD card slot from where you can run games? So this is also a cartridge-using console!
how can they play doom eternal on SteamOS? Do you have to install windows to play it?
Nintendo sells games not consoles
Omg, just preordered mine, super excited!!!
As a Nintendo Switch fan… I’m speechless 😳…
Hopefully this thing crushes the fkn Switch.
Get this man a croakier voice this wasn’t croaky enough
Valve does what Nintendon't
will it run games 1080 when u plug it in a monitor?
*Would be great if there was a way to link your ps trophies/ Xbox achievements to this. I’m a hard trophy hunter and this just pulls me away from that*
Just wondering if game sizes reduce on the steam deck. Also at what ratio? Can’t imagine installing games in a 512 gig, let alone a 64 gig.
If the temperature level is gonna stay low, then this could very well be an effective replacement for both the switch and a normal gaming PC.
Steam Deck is Valve's Atari Lynx.  Nintendo engineers must be laughing at the clumsy appearance of Valve's device.
Reminder for you console fans: Free online
Nintendo better step their game up or this is gonna do what the 3ds did to the ps vita
Awesome system 😎
I’ll take one. Selling my Nintendo Switch starting….now.
Buy AMD shares
Boy! This came outta left field...!
This will be the first thing in my Christmas list
Nintendo: Take that Switch Oled Valve: I'm about to end this man's whole career
OK what about gamepass?
This is such a great gateway for non PC gamers. They will get it and before they know it they’ll be hungry for the power of a desktop 😈😁
The pc masters are going to invade console...
We need a nice CGI Trailer for this Hardware to get hyped.
Yeah, never trust reviews from people who were invited to the company building itself. Not saying anything negative or positive about the console, just the review.
Halo on the go! Let’s go!
and most importantly: It will run Switch emulators with graphical mods for Nintendo games. Thanks Nintendo for the ideia, now let the big guys improve it!
Why not make a more expensive version w better specs .. love it but want more power .. you can Eve know make it preorder only for the expensive version so you don’t have to mass produce
the real question can you play csgo on the go?
Can't wait to hac.k it.
What's with the huge borders ? looks like a  glued cheap tablet.
What's the max resolution to get when plug on a monitor or TV?
Can you play or will be able to play diablo 4 or diablo 2 resurrected is my question to @IGN
Icky not to let us upgrade the drives though.
Honestly such a pro gamer move Valve.
What's the game at 5:55
Finally Ill be able to play fps games without aim assist on a console
and how much is this ???
Finally every gamers dreams ...
Dude, this is AMAZING !!
A device that can play Xbox, Nintendo, Playstation, PC Games. lol This thing is amazing. and all that for 400$ bucks
New switch pro
Finally, an impressive advancement on PC gaming!
So, you can mod. Like game mods right?
its a really nex generation gaming tool but you cant get the feel like ps5 or pc games they have a feel but if this rises it will also be cool
The ultimate emulation device has arrived!
wouldn't be surprised if they used cheaper/leftover R&D components on the prototypes to keep costs down, if the buttons aren't improved on the real deal they might have issues
Gamers rise up      LMAO BOTTEM TEXT
nintendo: heres the new swi- valve: *OUT OF MY WAY*
Before you guys start dumping on switch count how many "ummms and uhhhhs" are being used then compare this to Cybedpunk devs
The PC Strikes Back!
OMG It's so cool!
Wait so can you play any PC game on this?
The truth is lord gaben gettin bored during this pandemic
this is seriously the perfect product for someone like me who wants to make the jump from console to pc but is unable to commit the funds. it’s amazing!!! can’t wait to get my hands on this and support Valve for this quality product.
will it be able to play gears of war and halo?
but why isn't it touchscreen?
nintendo is on suicide watch after this.
Take notes Nintendo 🤦🏾😂😭
Definitely buying this
Will it play Fortnite
No
Play pubg..Dota.. league of legends...FIFA..pes..wow
yeah... but...can it run Crysis...
Im gonna put Windows 11 on this thing
Yeah this better then NS oled
At 400 this could be a gaming laptop killer
Nintendo switch be like: WE GONNA REALESE "THE REAL SWITCH PRO"
A. The button placement look's horrific. Ever hear of lateral thinking with withered technology??? The Steam Deck is a proof that the Nintendo Switch has achieved true lateral thinking with withered technology.  They should have called it Stadia 2.
Looks great and promising except for the button layout and it looks kind of bulky
portable emulator and bitcoin miner. insane.
I'm curious to see how a RTS plays.
Lets hope this will help nintendo up their game.
These are going to get scalped for sure.
This with a switch emulator
Do they know if we can plug our rift in this?
My Hope: Mid-Power Gaming PC That Doesn't Cost 1 Grand  My Fear: Nintendo Switch Without A Dock or Optimized Games
Nintendo really has competition now.
Take my money
But the main question still remains: CAN IT RUN SKYRIM?
If persona 5 royal is released on PC, this is going to be an instant buy for me.
Nintendo: no switch pro but heres more screen and look its shiny now eh....eeeh.  Steam: never send a childs company to do a mans company job.
Меня смущает, что из геймплея на самой консоли показали только hades и portal. Другой нюанс - "подключенные монитор и гарнитура", провода идут за стол.
Sadly they used a Zen 2 processor instead of Zen 3. The difference is night&day special for running emulators.
Hella awesome and hella interesting! Looks a lot more advanced than a Switch!!
Bye Bye, Nintendo
This 'tiny' pc looks like it weighs 15 pounds 🤣
will this play COD warzone?
wtf that's so cheap for what you get.
this is the type of tech my son's generation will enjoy in the future.
I’m gonna buy it
people going to crack the heck out of it and just play switch games on it. What about the chip shortage?
POV LITTLE KIDS:CAN WE PLAY FORTNITE?🤣
emulation time boiss.
Who's here for 5g 😎
This is a YES!!!!
And Sony said there wasn't a market for handheld LOL, can't wait for the next PlayStation handheld to come out.
why aren't they making removable cartridges for the games, that should lower the price a ton.
Everyone's talking about gaming, but I'm considering throwing DJ software on it and mapping inputs to make DJing feel like playing a game.
Doto on the go
can it be hacked like a pc?
A switch pro
Dope concept but that thing is hideous!
Steam Controller, Link, Machines. Remember, NO PRE ORDERS.
but can it play fifa?
Game changer for those who are primarily PC gamers! Wow!
What for OS on this handheld?
Nintendo switch OLED was a very big disappointment but this looks great maybe it will act kinda like the steam controller
Someone please teach Pierre the importance of eye contact
Nintendo Switch users left the chat...
This is a preview of what a Switch Pro/Next Gen Switch can be. Will forced to be actually.
Finally, PC Portable
Perhhh mantap.
But can it run Crysis?
the only thing that could kill this is joystick drift issues and if it happens how Valve deals with it
DEP nintendo switch
gotta chill with calling something the size of my graphics card a pc lol
petition for valve to make half-life 3 steam deck exclusive
Awesome!!! This is quite the device!
You will only buy this for the GAMES 🔥
GET ME TF2 ON THAT BOI, NOW!
It’s a cool device, although some games will be fine with these controls, but there’s lots of other games that won’t be fun if you normally use a mouse and keyboard. You would need to carry around a portable mouse and keyboard. That’s kind of a drag. It will be interesting to see how well this does.
I'm so excited. This is amazing.
excuse me W H A A A A A T
But can it run Cyberpunk?
Anyone else notice how long left thumb on the person in the thumbnail is?
All hail Great Gaben!
Anyone else notice how long left thumb on the person in the thumbnail is?
Shut up and take our moneeyyyyy
can't wait to get one.
As someone nostalgic for the psp days,this is very tempting.
The size of a switch and the power of a ps5.
400 dollars for 64gb? 700 dollars for 500gb SSD? No thanks
Too big. That’s gonna get uncomfortable to hold after an hour
Cool cool BUT CAN IT RUN CRYSIS THIUGH?
That anti glare screen on the top model is going to be something that will come in very handy when on the go. Think ill just wait for a deep sale on that one. Looks like a great device!
this beast weights almost 700g, playing 10 minutes my arms will be dead lol
Yes 🥰 i wanted to get a switch don't have to anymore.
Okay buy why does the screen has black borders?
Imagine getting an update everytime you turn the steam deck on :)))
Look a modern Sega Game Gear!
It makes the switch look bad
Nice that SteamOS appears to be optimized around this.  But the elephant in the room is that SteamOS only play games ported to Linux, right?  I.e. playing your full steam library will require installing Windows…
Get f*cked Nintendo - Switch Owner
so whats the graphical settings we can expect to use on this, compared to ps5 is it worth a buy if you end up playing on big screen.
1K Switch users did not like this video!
Hey bro, nice deck!
how to deal with thumbstick drift ,all my gaming device have this problem,if this happen to the stream deck,i can't just buy new controller.
DAMN YOU VALVE IM STILL A BROKE COLLEGE STUDENT
You could dual boot into Windows to use this like a mini laptop once you connect a screen, mouse & keyboard. Which is pretty amazing.
Hopefully Nintendo is taking notes. OLED be screaming.
The switch pro we deserve
So could you play gta online pc
This is far more appealing than Steam VR
Nintendo terrified rn, can’t wait to buy one of these
Sera que roda minecraft?
"Handheld" "gaming pc" Nah bro
Steam, what would we do without you...
Wondering mechanic 75
Anyone know how much does this cost compared to the switch?
Can you show how achievements and such will work on the Steam Deck?
Can it Play Battlefield 5?
Wow wow wow.. this may be a real console killer ngl. I’m liking all of this so far
LET'S ROLL, LINUX 🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧🐧
Nintendo... I'm sorry
yo did they say this thing is capable of running windows? does that mean we can use the Xbox game pass!!
You can take this to work!!!
No hints on battery life?
If you can install and run emulators like dolphin and pcsx2, it'll be a very fun device to have (alongside your steam games)
I’m assuming this will only be able to play games with controller support? Even so That’s roughly 25/30% of my library of 500 games, around 125 games that have been sitting unplayed in my library. A must have for me!
So can you play the same free games that come out in steam pc?
The games can playable offline ?
It's like carrying around a ps4 slim with a built in screen and controller 😅
Valve: Fine Nintendo, I'll do it myself...
This is bomb..
Ok shame on you Google if you will not get this on Android system you got a lot of games.
thats cool and all but can it  run cyberpunk?
Impressive.
The cheapest version  is an absolute steal. Valve is definitely selling it at a loss. If you're a hobbyist, though, and think about installing windows on it, you should definitely  get the 256gb version
nintendo is done lol
oh my, a fully fledged handheld gaming pc at $400?
The steam WHAT? 😳
Goodbye nantudu
if you are to enjoy gaming with family you will choose switch. but if you are single player, this was a great deal. it doubled switch OLED performance for just extra $50.
Nintendo is ded   lOl
To claim that all three options include SSDs isn't really correct. While two of them do include NVMe SSDs, eMMC storage isn't usually referred to as an "SSD." However, as long as the eMMC storage loads games as fast as traditional SATA SSDs, the game-load times should be virtually identical across all three models, as NVMe SSDs load games virtually (if not literally) no faster than SATA SSDs. It's silly how many people don't know this and act like their overpriced Samsung NVMe SSD is special.
*laughs in emulator*
It will be available to play offline or must be only Wi-Fi connection?
As a mainly locally playing PC gamer, the switch still has a USP for, and that are Nintendo exclusives. This is just another way to avoid playing my tons of steam games which already successfully do on my pc + i am always super sceptical towards steam hardware but hey always open to be proven wrong :)
Nintendo fans are getting pi**ed now.
totally getting this but will all my steam games work on linux though
I'm just gonna say, while it's cool and impressive. That Death Stranding looked ROUGH.
How’s the battery life tho?
(st)EamLon Musk
Did they give it a 7?
I'm getting this for sure.
The E3 reveal we needed
Better then the Switch
can’t wait to speedrun dark souls on this thing
this thing is going to be an emulation BEAST once the modders get a hold of it. personally ima wait till the 2nd version comes out
Switch killer 🤕
HO-LEE-BALLZ!! Nintendo effed up!
This is awesome, but the price for a Brazilian as me is just not possible :/
why do you show portal 2? Its 2011 game, useless. Show damn cyberpunk or something equivalent!
Is it upgradable like a pc?
But can it run Crysis ?
Just imagine if Half Life 3 exclusive on steam deck, that’s steam seller for sure
But can it run crisis or flight simulator
nintendo just get cucked hardcore
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Cool... so I'll buy the 64gb one then buy a 128 gb SD card so I'm not dropping over $500
Does it handle Xbox game pass?
Badass . Gotta have it .
That valve guy looks like a discount Elon Musk
ufff this is gonna be awesome
my first thought was:  "Oh, Nintendo, you're sooo screwed."
Are you able to play multiplayer games on this
Nvidia shield?? Lmao what happened nvidia
Finally, can play NHL 2021 on a handheld
Dudes... It's gaming console.
Can you use Steam Vr on it ???
Cries in PS Vita
This thing looks like it would be better than the switch
Not Oled. Switch better.
how long dose the battery last and how big is the battery?
cant wait to play dota 2 on that!!
Port the games to ipados
So even if Nintendo 😂 respond and release their own next gen to match up with the Steam Deck, that'll be around the Holidays 2013😂😂😂
Elon musks gamer cousin 1:42
This is awesome. Just pre-order the 399 version this get 2 tb SD card.
WOW! just look how well it plays Portal 2 from 2011, can it play Half Life as well?
Ok hold on folks, what's the battery size and gaming time? Plus will it support VR?
Can we play Dota on Steam deck?
Why 2 and not 2.5 no 120hz
Switch is in trouble lmao
Do this only stream games or can they be downloaded?
Does it have Bluetooth functionality for headphones?
Oh. It really does Look like a bad switch, lol.
Why does gabe newell look like moses now lol, is he going to carry the 10 commandments next..hmmm
Something else to be scalped
What kind of FPS this thing run at? What resolution? How long does battery last? How long does battery last at high settings. What kind of FPS at high setting. Give us better info
It's a cool idea, but I've just got zero interest in a portable pc at 720 in 2021. Do better.
It downloads full sized pc games? Soooo the base models can only hold like 2 games lol
M1 ipad pro Anyone?
Hope people like scalpers.
What is the battery life on this?
I’m ready to play Payday 2 at the bank
Valve to nintendo: hippity hoppity your sales are now my property
.....Does it have Joycon Drift?
Imagine you can play ANY game of your favorite series on the go. Final fantasy, Fallout, Borderlands, Tomb Raider, Tales of..., Resident Evil, GTA, Witcher, Assassin's Creed, Max Payne, Mafia, TES, Prince of Persia while having free multiplayer, cloud saves and better region prices, then competitors have. Also it's an open platform you can emulate "certain" exclusives. And better backwards capability and mod support, then any console company out there.
portable fl studio sounds appealing
Crowbcat.
can you play game pass
That beared dude is so hot goddamn
Oh ive been waiting for something like this for so long
.....but can it run crysis?
Hmm prob works with stadia too
Nintendo’s screwed
Valve does what Nintendo dont...
If it can run dota im all in
Is it just me or the Pierre guy looks like a young Elon Musk?
can you connect it to an Ipad? to increase the screen size and use the keyboard of an ipad in this case?
If Valve were to release a Steam Deck 2, that’ll be the last upgrade you’ll ever see or get
That thing is huge
But does it run Crysis?
Ouya still the best
Don't worry Nintendo!! Valve did it for you.!! 🔥🔥❤❤😁😁
“It’s a pc”  Yeah. Portable Console
4:27 What is this game?
Much better than a 1000$ smart phone.
ff XIV in the bath! lest go!
*From Steam & This video:* Processor: AMD APU Cpu: Zen 2 4c/8t 2.4-3.5 GHz -up to 448 Gflops FP32 Gpu: 8 RNDA 2 CUs, 1.0-1.6 GHz -up to 1.6 Tflops FP32 APU power: 4-15W   Ram: 16GB LPDDR5 (5500 MT/s)  Memory: SSD  399$ 64gb eMMC PCIe Gen 2x1 529$ 256gb NVMe PCIe Gen 3x4 649$ 512gb NVMe PCIe Gen 3x4 -All models include microSD slot  In comparison to the MS Surface, powered by: RX Vega 11, Maxed out 2.3 ghz, Ryzden 7 300 series, 16gb ssd, laptop, you'd be saving about a grand even at the top model.
Wow this makes the switch look like a toy.   Edit: my point is the Valve console looks like something that is years ahead of Nintendo. Yes they both are toys
IGN are such sell outs lmfao
Sounds much better than a console with broken controllers.
Steam should enter the console market by making a console and developing half life 3 portal 3 left for dead 3 and team fortress 3 and use those as steam console exclusives to push the disc based console
The real power to this console is that if SteamOS allows 3rd party apps and can use stuff like Office and stuff. This would bring a whole new level to portable computing. Going to have to wait a month after it becomes publicly available to see if it truly is a great portable gaming device.
A new vst hardware? :)
it better have half life 3 on launch
As cool as this looks, Valve don't deserve anymore money, they've been sitting on their arse for years now
the emulation switch
What is the game at 4:28
This looks sick ngl
If Nintendo didn’t have the IP and development of their games they would be dead.
COOL... PC> STEAM DECK  IM NOT GETTING IT
That's dope but u won't be able to buy one til 2022 to 2023 with this conductor/chip shortage.
Короче в portal 2 поиграете))))))
What a great move by Valve! Kudos!
Can it play Call of Duty Multiplayer and Battle Royale?
Nintendo better step their game up. The switch has been out for over 4 years and still doesn't even support Netflix. Meanwhile the steam deck can install different operating systems and game stores
It looks cool, if they make a dock for it (like the switch) would be even better. Imagine using it for playing couch-coop or vs with your friends.
true evolution of laptop/desktop level computing into mobile computing.
scalpers: *heavy breathing*
At least now every game won’t cost like 60$. This definitely makes the price worth it
Would have been cool if it had 1080p screen.
This valve representative looks like Elon Musk !
2 tflops?
Microsoft and Sony: Make next gen consoles Valve: Frick you I'm making a handheld pc
Can it run Star Citizen's Olisar at 20fps?
More competitive price than other current handheld PCs, proper rival to Nintendo switch in price point and capability.
This really is the ultimate portable console. The true walkman of the 21st century
Will this tool launching in Indonesia?
1 sec after this releases in public shitty fukin miners will buy them all
There was a massive hole in the market and if this thing proves to be everything it claims to be, valve will have done a fantastic job!!
Nintendo switch OLED is still better
The true question is can we mod like PCs do
Love steam, love Gabe. Steam is life.
*sad GDP noises*
Does anyone know the game at 4:26?
Impressive piece of hardware!  720p  60fps should be the goal!
Dude, this console looks like a psp, so fking great
Nothing new here Valve
Well, everyone is waiting for the funeral of Nintendo😁
Man said uh like 20 times
Is memory expandable or we capped at 64 gb wtf that wont even be enough to run a single game
But there is no tpm  ><  - fucking micro soft-dick
Super interesting 😱
what
Seems to me like the base model should have 128gb of storage.
But can it run Crisis?
At least the design is cool
Nobody’s gonna buy this. Looks huge and uncomfortable. All this just to… play PC games on the fly LMAO. They don’t even have exclusives that’s made for this portable device in mind like Nintendo. Valve should’ve sticked with game development instead of pushing out gimmicks like this.
guys what game at 4:24?
Apple should build this kind of gadget
For the cost and storage space, thats a hard pass. Mortal Kombat 11 alone is over 100GB
Sfv on Nintendo switch like handheld  Hell yea
Better than switch all the way
Bye Bye Switch
Should've played cyberpunk for the demo. That's the new benchmark, lol
Its cool but who actually needs it
Finally a competitor!!!! I'm so thankful that this arrived!
This thing looks amazing
The ease of switching between PC to Steam Deck when on the go will make it an instant buy for me. Stoked for this.
Im worried about battery life.
Another reason to not developing Half life 3. But if it will works, this might be a big victory for valve.
So u can play wow handheld now?!!?!??!😱😱😱😱😱😱
How much does that thing weigh! It looks heavy and what about that video card isn't it going to get hotter then hell
how about its tempitures tho is it gonna over heat in like 20 mins thats some other important info you would want to know.
Another device that will never be launched in India.
but can it run crysis
this made my day  thanks steam
Can it run Cyberpunk 2077?
PSP Vibes!
Switch fans are having a meltdown on twitter for some reason.
what about non steam games like fortnite?
So this is where the ti 10 money from dota 2 went ???? OMG
This is going to be the next game gear
ok so it running Linux, some of the games not available for Linux :/
Valve should might as well go all the way and finish the job that they just started. Make... -Steam Smash Bros -Super Gabe Bros -The Legend of Gabe -Steam Kart -The Steam Prime And once more Steam shall rule the gaming and we shall have...peace.
This gave me a strange 3ds vs PsVita vibe. Maybe its just me?
This will go down as one of novelty collection. Nothing enticing here
Now for only 500 you can play the games you already own again, but now on a much much much much smaller screen!
That UI is different from the current Steam OS?
Wow 🤯
How's the battery life with different gaming settings? Also battery size and will it be user replaceable?
How u can play on this if many games doesn’t support Linux based os.
Me: How much is it?   Them: that’ll be one human soul please     Nah but fr that’s reasonable pricing for a handheld pc
What is the game he is playing at 4:25?
Every second watching this is making me play some games.
But can you play Warzone?
This is going to change Kali Linux
Valve stop with the Touch Pad controls, they failed on the steam controller, failed on the vive controllers, fail on the knuckle controllers. Stop acting like you are building on a succesful idea when you had to fire sale the steam controllers for $5. You mess this up everytime.
Yay we got the switch pro!!!
Can it run Gothic Universe series?
"It has touchscreen and mouse-like controls, and can run other OS and pc games" Aight whos gonna play League of Legends on it first for views
Not a single comment complaining about the screen resolution 🤔. However with Nintendo that’s an issue. See? Small screen = no need for high res. Hypocrites
боже, он показывает инди игру и игру  летней давности. Ни одного кадра с джедаем, думом или контролом уже видно что  то не так) не тянет походу. Онли низкие настроики, онли 30 фпс, 750 п)
YOU HAVE ME MONEY! just make the screen size a little bigger valve
Nintendo punch air right now
dude, window's switch, nice
The controller layout adds a bit more girth than I'm comfortable with.
best thing steam has done since their index
gamepass and xbox cloud gaming on steam deck !
heres the cost of this expensive goldmine via pcgamer $399 for the 64GB version $529 for the 256GB version $649 for the 512GB version    yahhhh ill stick with my switch thnk you
Very nice! But why this cropped screen??
Interested to see how it runs graphic-heavy games like witcher 3 in max settings.
Lol wonder what Nintendo's whole reaction to this is
gives game gear vibe
Discord App Support = Game Changer
will be as ´successful as steam maschines
How much will be the price for this?
Mobile gaming is getting to another level 💪 It's really possible that all beast pc gaming setups are going to be transformed into a handheld device in the future.
Switch pro dropped boys
Won't half to buy any games. Noice.
This looks incredible
I’m getting one
Will we be able to watch movies or transfer movies from pc to this thing? Or netflix?
It's all about battery life.  It could be amazing but if it dies in 1 hr no one will use it.
Way too expensive. But I'm sure the fools will be rushing in.
Wonder if this thing's powerful enough to emulate BOTW
Can you dock this onto the Nintendo switch dock?
Wake up Sony!
Can you stream on this
Nintendo take some notes
Damn I'm old. Remember the first you saw a Sega Game Gear? The PSP? This is beyond that level. They are not entirely breaking away from Windows, but no longer they will be threatened getting locked out of an os/platform
Wow this is surprisingly impressive! Greatly powered by AMD power and latest technology with 720P screen is a great combination and this will cost $399 which is cheap for this kind of hardware power in a portable form. Looks great really!
Oh look an ACTUAL hands on video (Unlike the OLED)
but this is SteamOS (based on linux) and not all games support this OS
Now, people can say they use Arch btw without knowing what that means.
Only 60Hz refresh rate... Meanwhile, smartphones have already climbed to 120Hz and maybe beyond. Gonna pass this time...
This is nice. So now you have a Switch and a PC in hand. Sony where you at?
Marketing wank from the first minute.
Now this is the portable console Ive been waiting for!! Not the kiddy game console switch!! Now my concern is how long will the battery last?
Me queda una duda, entendemos que en portátil es 720p, pero que resolución tendría al conectarla a un monitor o TV?
Looks cool. But they should have made a phone with attachments. That's the future.
Portable,  plug and 🎮play 💯🤗💕
Can’t wait to see Osu experts get their hands on this
So splinter cell blacklist, metal gear solid, and all my fighting games on the go?              TAKE MY MONEY!!!
Nintendo handhelds have survived the atari lynx, gamegear, psp, psvita, nvidia shield and many others. You think this will kill it lol
Whats the game playing at 4:28 Plz someone??
Can this play the new battlefield and is it cross compatible like other games
if now comes a steam controller 2 all my wet dreams come true
Me watching this in my Nintendo Switch youtube app.
Steam Deck for today and Change its name to Nintendo Switch Pro about 3 Years later when its cost around $350
We not gonna talk about how he was playing portal with inverted Y axis?
Oh... genuinely excited! Like I'm using an Atari Jaguar again!
Transformers: Animated the handheld
Nintendo just got BTFO..
But can it cyberpunk
Now it just need an egpu dock
Cool and all… but let’s just say it ain’t gunna run risk of rain 2 with trees on. (If a $1500 laptop can’t after just a year of use, neither can this thing.)
Now it might be easier to find an Xbox or Ps5 because this is going to be on the market.
It looks like the Sega GameGear on steroids
YEAH BABY THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT!
Probably gonna sell my gpd win 2.
Too bad you can't upgrade the storage.
The Switch came out over 4 years ago.  This is the next Ouya, a steamy upper deck
Why does the white dude look like he's just downed a grip of energy drinks lol
Valve stop investing your tech tree on Hardware
Buuut… does it run cyberpunk?
Factorio on the go? Say no more.
Wouldn't be surprised if this could run low poly vr
omg this is so cool   *me looking at my steam library full of cracked games*
got no friends. might as well just play it on my pc at home~
The timing of this announcement just buried the OLED Switch momentum.
Me: *buys nintendo switch Today* YouTube: *uploads steam deck release trailer*  Me: OH SHI-
Sold!!!!
Okay but how will it support future games? Ultimately the hardware will become dated and newer games will not run as smoothly. How will valve support this into the future?
But how well does it run warzone Battlefield or any New triple a game
PS Remote Play
Always wondered how MicroSD would run games
This is great even for emulation. Imagine the possibilities.
Продано
valve will do anything but start working on half-life 3
Imagine playing DOTA 2 with this...
Gabe Boy
Can't wait to play with my deck all day long.
this is sick
My *BIGGEST* question is do we have to wait for the steam games to be ported first or we can get to play all games since day 1?  Also are we able to change graphic settings or is it fixed? Hope it's a fixed one since its kinda stressing to tweak graphical settings
Valve is the new Nintendo...
Hey Valve, how about forgetting about hardware, and give us a real Half-Life title?
This is the reason steam was working on proton... everything makes sense now
Ty valve very cool
Wow!!!! Steam got up and just slapped Nintendo in the face HARD!!!! And the new switch is 50$ more and the older models and games prices are still the same lol WHY?
Valve does what Nintendon't.
Welp, this is no doubt going to kill Nintendo indefinitely.
:0
Aight, work grind time
This is so cool damnn
720p is Unacceptable when iPhones can run 1080p
Impressive
I'll probably buy this instead of a Switch OLED come December
Waiting until the day people will emulate Nintendo switch in this
We love you, Valve!!!   We really do!  Thx for pooping on Nintendo's head
This makes the Switch look like a child’s toy 👀
If Nintendo Switch didn't want to do it then someone had to....
Nice Game Gear you have there Gabe       LMFAO 😂
This might actually be amazing
Well it's pure attempt to assasinate Switch.
The most interesting thing about this thing is that this thing is running on Linux. Which means in near future many AAA games will be available for normal Linux PC via Steam.
I've never been this hyped for a portable console thing
valve: encourages you to wipe their os and mod your device how you want Nintendo: requires 25 authentication processes to use your saves on a different device.
Gamers: We want a Switch Pro Nintendo: OLED, take it or leave it Valve: Fine, I'll do it myself.
Can u play dota with that?
So it will come with steam is but I'll be able to install unbuntu or windows...
It's like the Psvita.
HD is not big enough
Im in loved.. would be nice if had mini pc or itx build with this “custom steam os” would be console killer!??
If "Sekiro: shadow die twice"  & "Resident Evil Village" can play on this device! MUST BUY!!
U can secure one at 1pm est today
Will definitely be buying 1
but can it run crysis? 🤔
Nintendo Switch X Sega Game Gear X PC
2:22 what happened to elon musk?
I’m actually more interested in the OS behind it
Hope the girl will be fit
Lemme guess it only plays 0.002 % of the games on steam
Valve we need dota to be played in this thing. Keyboard and mouse can attach from usb cable. Could be the best ever!!!
The joystick to upper make my thumb longer
Nintendo if this coms out ay 400 usd yo have to drop switch price at least 150 usd
Watch scalpers ruin this for everybody yet again
all consoles are pc, so its not a big deal Valve :D its look terrible , hope its okey somehow... (but not)
399 for 64GB ?, just installing control fillup more than half of the drive
Excellent
Is this the release video??
Nintendo has left the chat
Nice!
Is this available in the marker already?
This is going to be the ultimate emulator/indie machine.
Definitely considering this to have my steam library on the go. Can’t wait to play some old games 😂.
Finally budget gaming pc
Did they just say 720p come on the switch has 1080p couldn’t you fix that valve
If Nintendo wasn’t ‘Nintendo’ this would kill the Switch immediately
Alter Designtechnisch ist das Teil einfach nur hässlich. Aber Gamer interssiert das Design nicht, sondern der Inhalt und die grafische Leistung.
What game is on 4:26 ???
Pierre looks like Elon Musk before the hair transplant
If the switch oled had a more powerful Chip it whould be super awesome but the steamdeck is for its price a BEAST
I'd be interested to know how RTS games play on the go without a keyboard. Looks cool though.
Sitting here. Fully rock hard
Ok, so we can mine bitcoins using it.
Look at all the half-life imagery in the games, background… and they still won’t give it to us. 😭
Wonder what the battery life will be?
if its possible to upgrade the SSD then its just completely awesome
Cool, it's diarrhea and gaming everyday then!
TAAAAAAAAAAAKKKEEE MY MONEEYYYY !!!
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
but can it run Crisis smoothly?
Pretty sure this is gonna drive a lot more game devs to consider compatibility with linux.
HD Games on the go?! Hell yeah!
2:00 is that Elon busk
They literally kicked both alienwares ufo concept and the Nintendo switch
Just make sure the sticks don't drift.
Wow
Eww that bezel
This be cool if you can hook up vr
When using a dock, does it output at least 1080p on a monitor or only up to 720-800p?
bye bye switch
Do you guys think this will be a Switch killer?
Still needs 4K. My bet is Sony isn't done with handhelds yet either.
Is it better than the Switch in everyway? Yes. Will it outsell the Switch? No.
Let’s be real here, the only reason this exists is because it’s Valve making it. They own Steam, they make billions, so making this AND pricing it at $400 is possible for them and they practically lose nothing lol
I'm so shocked that Valve came out with this that I'm still trying to process it.
Pretty cool. Not really a fan of 720 gaming, that's the same flaw the Switch has although it's made up for through Nintendo's library.
Valve’s actually been reading stuff recently lol, first Alyx and now a competitor for the Switch
Is that KDE Plasma?
Can it play Team Fortress 2
No disket, why guys?
This is going to make me sell my switch. By the way, what’s the game shown at 4:26 ? Thanks!
With Nickelodeon brawlers and Vallves Portable pc, I’m seeing almost no reason to even have a switch any more , especially since Nintendo just gets more money hungry and their exclusives are getting dry.
4:23 Milkyway wallpaper,is that plasma
its like PSP ,, Its Gonna FAIL ..
it's a console or just stream from the PC?
Is it just not a handheld console at this point? Why hold on to the fact that its pc so much? Just make a steam console and do it better this time 😂 sidenote- if this isnt less than 350$ its gonna do horrible
Idk people that say that his has Nintendo worried are delusional. People don't buy Nintendo consoles to play third party games. It's all about the Nintendo exclusives which the steam deck doesn't have
👀 👀 👀
I’m surprised this hasn’t been done before, fantastic idea🙌🏾
Just take my money
Weird is steam os not get any update almost years and   say they use steam os?
It would be great to play rpg games
No Mário or Zelda. Doomed to fail. (And looks bulky and uncomfortable)
Can it be upgraded??
Oh man, all it's missing is thurnderbolt 3 for eGPU usage and this would have been future proof!
This appeals to me because you won’t lose your library when you have to upgrade to a new console.
I’ve always wanted a pc and this is my ultimate solution for that.
Why is no one talking about the fact that they only showed Hades and Portal 2. These are great games but give no insight on the performance of the deck.
yo i’m more excited about no morree... JOYCON DRIFT 🥳
So it can also play Dota 2🤔?
What game at 6:01?
The switch pro everyone's been asking for.
a steamOS handheld? that's sick!
want? 👇
The button layout looks weird and uncomfortable but it’s a interesting idea that won’t beat the Nintendo switch lol
Battery life: 12mins
Finally PC 2
This is the real console Simple,a lot features,comfort design,easy to use
Either the dude is a 4 foot guy or the console is huge
Can it meet every system requirement fo every game that comes out?
Does it comes with a mega sale? and Half Life?
Wow it would have been perfect with an amoled screen!
If you hate this youre a blind switch fanboy. This is 10000x better than whatever Nintendo would’ve come up as the pro switch version.
Lets all hope there is no joy con drift...
A mini gaming pc what I'm looking for now
Shut up and take my fkn 650 bucks.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
imagine Diablo 2 resurrected on this thing boiiii
This might honestly finally be Valve's ticket to joining the console wars. This looks very promising.
My hands hurt looking at it.
Finaly a console we can have ratracing
Um um um um um
Elon Musk would be proud of his brother
Valve really just made gaming laptops irrelevent
Take my money
Nintendo: "We dont give you a Switch Pro but a Switch OLED!" Valve: "Fine, I'll do it myself"
Minecraft java on the go?
Honestly I'm glad Nintendo is getting some healthy competition to take a swipe at their handheld sales.  Nintendo is no slouch and will only get better with a challenger as they always have in the past. Their is a reason they have survived and excelled at what they do
The real switch pro reveal👌💯.
0/10 couldnt get past tutorial
Ps5 killer
This looks dope. I'm finding it hard to resist picking this up.
Can it run candy crush?
Sell pc, sell switch, sell ps4..give me that damn valve now!🤑🤑🤑
that poor man has the face of a 26 year old and the haircut of a 6 month old baby
Why didn't Nintendo just make a more powerful switch instead of giving us a bigger screen that we didn't ask for.
CSGO ON THE GOOOOOO
Will it slow down like a PC though after a few weeks
Another reason for me not to wait for the Switch Pro!
can you hook this up to the tv like the nintendo switch and have a controller?
You think Nintendo is lawyering up?
So this is a non- Nintendo switch pro, got it!
64 GB  capacity for base model and today's PC games have gigantic size if you install let say GTA V which is need storage up to 70 GB how come the Steam deck can manage it ?
What’s a PC
I’m definitely buying this 👌🏻 bye bye to my switch 😝
This is 1000 times better than the new switch. Noice
damn valve really love to create revolutionary things. men imma try to  play dota 2 and smite in steam deck onces its release
$650 ?? For a measly 512gig ? Wayyyyy overpriced !
My switch is screaming!! :0
Imagine portable Java Minecraft
I’ll need a micro sd to play cod
Please tell me Gmod can played on this
Can you play all steam games on this?
Yes, but can it run Crysis Remastered? :P
Disappointed reveal, was hoping for Half Life episode 3 instead ..
Will it be better then my lenovo y540 i9 with gtx 1660ti?
This week is named chotto mate in nintendo Calendar
Does this mean we can play elden ring and red dead 2 on this portably ?
Would think they'd have Geforce Now software there
Wonder if I'll finally be able to play fallout 1 and 2 on the go
How much does it weigh?
Can someone who knows please answer this: Will you be able to play games offline after installation? Or will you need to be online?
Это консоль портативна для людей от 2 метров роста. Есть такие компьютеры, называются laptop, будет удобнее.
It's priced very nicely too.
Nintendo : introduced an OLED switch People: Really? Just a screen upgrade?  Valve: Introduced steam deck People: take my Money 💰💰💰
YOU HAVE “HANDS ON” IN TITLE THE OF A VIDEO FOR A PRODUCT CALLED THE STEAM “DECK” YOU LITERALLY COULD HAVE MADE A “HANDS ON DECK” PUN but you didn’t
Did somebody say switch with easier to access mods!?
Can you install Fortnite on this?
Will it play tarkov though 😂
they couldve picked a better name. elgato aint gonna like this
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick
Perfect to play the animal crossing lookalike Hokko life
People say this will kill the Switch. Does it play BOTW, Mario, and Animal Crossing? No? Nintendo will be fine.
Now I'm imagining how Dota 2 would look like on a handheld device.
with gpu price that still stupidly pricy, that device should work as decent option for gamer
Does It plays games by itself? or does it stream from pc to the steam deck like you can do with a phone?
But can it run VR
So happy they used KDE Plasma for the desktop environment. And I'm looking forward to seeing Linux gaming become on-par or better than Windows.  And I'm glad to hear they're tackling the anti-cheat issue.
Bro... If this could run PSX2 at 720p with no lags this would be the best emulation machine.
NVidia Sheild LOL
Intense.
For someone like who isn’t a PC gamer but would like to venture into that - this is perfect
But can it run discord?
His Voice sounds like he has cough in his throat
When you spend 1000€ over 4 years to make a PC and then a 400€ PSP is twice as better.
Damn valve is coming after Nintendo’s throat with this sexy item
So now I a console player can enjoy pc stuff
The Nintendo Switch Killer
Why 720p only.. hmm
but can the steam deck run cyberpunk 2077 ?
shits bigger than his waist
Why no oled display?!...
But can it run Crysis?
Those analog sticks are way way too high up
*"You shall not pass"* - Gabe the White to the Switch OLED, probably
But can you mod games on it?
Nintendo ceo building is on fire right now
Scalpers no scalping!
It is really the nintendo switch pro.... It looks SO MUCH like the switch! it shares the same screen and alot other stuff to
shut up and take my Money!
The problem is that you cant play next gen games from and sd card so the version of 64 gb is usellees
What game is on 4:26?
Christmas present found.
LTE would have been nice, browse the web on the go
Can install Windows on this??
Gimme
If it works, they struck gold.
lol a better switch
LOL Switch once the Steam Deck gets in the hands of modders. We will be running Switch games can't wait.
Nice. A Real Switch Pro
Its not like a mouse at all.  You use your thumb only not your entire arm and hand.  Still lack of range of motion.
Finally a worthy opponent for the Switch
64GB for base unit, lol, cant even install one game !
Nintendo switch: Steam Edition
How long it's gonna be relevant in pc gaming space? You know pc gaming specs is always demanding each year. Is there gonna be a game build for this?
The mini track pads look promising, as someone who's used to playing fps on a touchscreen I'm looking forward to try them out.
The switch pro we deserved
Looks and sounds amazing, the question is how much?
This puts the switch to shame. Wouldn’t be surprised if people sell their switches and grab this instead
This could be game changing, basically a pc console that can connect to your tv!
.... 🤔🧐.... Hmmm....  But does it python/R? 🐍🐍🐍
Esa máquina será capas de correr monster hunter World?
We can install os windows 11 on it ?
nintendo switch but now you can read-only farm in borderlands
64gb? a single game takes more than that
Nintendo watches in fear  Its absolute chaos in their headcorters
Very nice looking specially portable design very nice great
Idk.....🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Linux!!!yeh
Imagine running a switch emulator on this beast
Can you do something like emulators on this because if you can this is gonna be a power house
Does anyone know if Death Stranding: Director's Cut is coming to PC?
This or rtx 3080?
Can it run dota?
Can it run GTA5?
when you release a slightly bigger version of your console just for your competitor to release a literal handheld gaming PC
Wait can you steam on twitch and obs off this, if so I’m buying this religiously
it's  gonna flop again. it will disappear one day and no one will  noted it … just like the rest of those so call handheld … unimpressed
So it’s cloud gaming?
Colour options? Half-life rust, Portal white??
Thank you
it's the much powerful switch we didn't get, thanks valve
Thank you Valve for doing what Nintendon't.
So why doesvthe switch stuck so much?
Sooooo could we also play World of warcraft on that thing?
Can we just acknowledge the French-American developer is called Pierre-Loup, ie. STONE-WOLF? Sick
Uuuu
gaming laptop users punching the air rn
ГАБЕН , как же ты е6ёшь !
Nintendo left the chat
Can't wait for all the scalpers to get an hold of these
Put pressure on the b*tch Switch
this was a smart move
Dream come true for a lot of people, but non detachable controller will be quiet a hassle if something went wrong with it
Can it play dauntless?
this looks like what the switch pro should've looked like
Imagine you are doing video and sound editing on that device
Without Switch this wasn't even a thing ! Nintendo TOOK DARE . Proved potentials and market . People forget easily
The price of the cheapest variant of this console with that powerfull components just show how overprice  Switch is.
really silly not to include an ethernet port. How will anyone have a decent online experience on wireless only, c'mon guys, rookie mistak
Wow another portable pc banking off the success of the Switch. Yawn.
Is there Joy con drift?
ps vita 2 yeyeyeyey
Battery life?
If its that big its pointless Might aswell just buy a small gaming laptop and use an xbox controller
This is awesome🔥🔥 i might actually buy this
Half life 3 confirmed
400$ for only 64GB?! Game these day have about the same size or eeven bigger!!
Seems interesting
Need a eGPU dock
Hey look. Valve made a switch?
My question is, can you play games that you downloaded without the internet 🤔🤔🤔🤔
The only thing that you guys added was a touchpad
Dude, lose the ASMR mic, Holy shiy
Not a big fans of the layout in handheld mode, It seem kinda awkward to hold it 🤨
BUT CAN IT CYBERPUNK THO???
Like can we do 3d rendering?
This looks great 👍.
So will it run Cyberpunk?
This looks like the xbox  Handheld device
I’m getting one for sure... apex legend on the go anyone..
Damn the design of the system is awful…
ff 14. EVERYWHERE
Is this like everything you ever wished for?
Coppin this, no questions asked. Better than AND cheaper than my pc like wtf? Imma have two switches now
So it's just so similar to what Stadia wanted to be from start and finished falling miserably.  Actually very interesting
Can it play WoW but
gonna click that reserve button so goddamn hard
This is cool, but the storage is a bit..  eh. For the same price as the 64gb, you could get a (retail) series X or ps5. Nearly 700$ for 512gb seems a bit steep for what it is tbh
Nintendo Switch Gaben Edition'TM
Very interesting video, although reviewer dodged all potentially contentious topics that plague handheld devices - battery life and cooling system. Which makes me think it probably howls like crazy and drains battery in a couple of hours on demanding games, since otherwise they would've said something :) I'm still hyped though
This even beats xbox and playstation. Thing is it just needs to have a 26 inch screen with higher end specs then it would be a monster.
csgo portable edition
Looks like Nintendo, my favorite video game company, has some competition! Let us bring the Steam Deck into the arena. Btw, Emulation on this thing will be FIRE.
Psp vibe days are back ⚡
6:04 game name please?
Jesus lmao the thing looks as bulky like the Sega handheld
Yay!!!  Death to Nintendo
is it compatible with VR
Is it also steaming hot?
The touch pad muat be able to click
this is the best compromise between console and pc i’ve ever seen. This unlocks something new for technology
Could you play pcvr on this thing?
@Alexibexi
720P? No thanks, that’s ok.
Still is 720p 🤷🏽‍♂️
If you cant launch cracked games on it , its not worth bying
Why valve? Just take out the buttons, the sticks, the screen, the battery, the speakers, knock off 200 bucks and you got a perfect steam machine!
Will it run Microsoft office?
Научатся на нём майнить и снова будет дифицит 👍
Remember the steam machine?
The fear of GPD win 3 ....or envy, maybe...
Dammit Gabe!!!  🙃🙃🙃 **Throws money at Gabe**
Here is the Switch Pro
All hands on deck!
Seriously, this handheld is more powerful than base PS4 and Xbox One S. To have possibility to play MK11 and Wolfenstein 2 TNC NOT in potato mode unlike Switch just for 400$? Priceless!
Nintendo is trembling now! I’m sure they’re planning their next move on when to release the Switch Pro.
Didn't know that trevor worked in valve
ended friendship with switch oled now my best friend is steam deck
Looks nice, hopefully it doesn’t start burning people.
OK it is cheap and also powerful but most important question is that    Can it run crisis?
Yes yes yes. Switch and switch games would lower their price now 😂
Valve: being user friendly  Consoomers: wait that’s illegal
This is just a switch but the third party games actually go on sale
Could this be it? Is this... *PC 2* ?
Ive ALWAYS wanted to play cs:go on the shitter. This will work amazingly
Nintendo: * tries to flex on costumers * Valve: "I'm about to end this man's whole career."
I’ve been waiting a console like this for a while
But can it play world of Warcraft
Damn even Strive has been called out
Shut up and take my money!
So its 4x stronger than the newest  handheld oledswitch... nice nintendo :D
My reservations have already started.
The decisive factor for me is the answer to one question: While docked connected to an external monitor is the battery being drained and charged? Because thats a deal breaker for me. However if battery stops charging on dock mode then it will save battery life over long periods.
Только с 9й попытки скинул реламу с видео... Скоро жесть на ютубе будет..
Сделали лишние трек пады Консоль была бы лучше,еслиб она была в виде раскладушки
Rest in peace Nintendo switch
so like. is it a portable pc, or a steam handheld?
OMFG
Battery life is a deal breaker for me
I'm worried about the joysticks drift
Yeah Baby Now We are Talking.
Being able to run applications from the microSD card means there's finally a reason to buy those A2 speed microSD cards.
linux waiting, just someone send me 500$ lol
for portable gaming, would this be able to replace a laptop or sub 10L SFF PC?
Imagine when they optimize this technology and how much more desk space you’ll have if they build one to be a desktop replacement. Probably a ways out but man if these pop off we will see yearly releases just like prebuilts, laptops, and now handheld pc’s.
Great device especially now with the shortage of pc components and the high prices.
Zen2 CPU is hardly next-gen technology. Why so much marketing speak?
crowbat will make this video.
This is honestly amazing. I'll probably be able to afford it the next decade.
So, about $AUD 2000?
waiting for mini version 😂 it's to big for portable gadget
We know scalpers are going to try to buy multiple of these to resell at triple the price already 🙄🙄
With this, Nintendo will finally start to give a sht about improving the switch’s hardware
This will sell like hot cakes that's for sure!
This is the new era for Linux gaming, all Valve needs to do now allow for right to repair and i'd say this is the most innovative device released this year.
Switch Oled: "Um, like, the new dis-dis-play, and, like, longer bat-t-tery life, and, well, that's basically..." Steam Deck: "Move, b*tch!"
ah yess.....another dead console 2 moth after launch
it looks great but the amount for it is quite large
Hades on this bout to be immaculate.
PSP UMD 4EVER
Switch 2
Wow, this thing looks like a mess in terms of hitting every button comfortably 64GB, 256GB, and 512GB?!  That's *it?!*  Valve, no!  That's literally 1, 4 and 6 games with how skull fuckingly large modern games are.
This looks awesome and is cheaper than ps5?! Im blown away
Reviewed by Captain Price.
Awesome
Valve just pulled a "Fine, Ill do it myself" after Nintendos OLED release. XD
Wondering if emulator can function 😁
The analog sticks are obviously not offset because you cannot put a touchpad behind something that sticks out.
One of the worst thing of being born in 90s is that you can never settle for one thing as new and cooler things keep popping up.
Wonder how it will run rdr2?
Say "The Deck sitting docked next to me on the desk." ten times fast.
Now your only problem is buying a monitor
I'm guessing a few hours of playtime on anything other than indie game pixel stuff
steamed egg
Valve does what Nintendon't
Play cyberpunk see how it hold up lol
the best part is you don't even have to buy games with this... it's already available in your library waiting~
But can it run Crysis?
What game is this ? Someone help me 05:58
Wow. How do they fit so much processing power without worrying about overheating
Imagine not having Ashes of the Benchmark be the first game you install on a new device.
Holy crap, this is amazing! Gabe,  take my money, please!:)
Will it run Windows 11
This thing will make LAN parties a breeze!
Now this is worth buying unlike olead switch
Its no GPD Win3
Valve please update Dota Underlords and give us new content! q.q
Man they really did this right
So it’s the PC mini
That thing already exists on the market so.. no innovation there..
Nintendo need to take notes 📝
12 year old me would’ve loved this
This is looking superb. Day one buy for me. Switch emulation is coming along really nicely so imagine what this APU will be like running RyuJinx.or Yuzu. Not to mention other emulators and actual pc gaming. Looking to be the ultimate hand held (so far)  Also the LPDDR5 will boost the APU as it's RDNA 2, the price is very reasonable too. Very excited.
Cyberpunk on the go?
base version storage is very low tbh, other than that damnnn valve!!!!
This looks cool
720p confirmed ehh cmon valve it’s 2021 almost 2022, give us a smooth 60fps 1080p at least
Hope this has no drifting problem
Hope can play dota2 yoo
The switch we deserve. Installing 🐬  day one.
Wow useful  ❤️
imagine games with small fonts - say, The Witcher 3 - in a small screen without proper optimisation. yeah. no.
720p is a bit meh, we have 8k tv's now.
2:40 "controller feels not that far from mouse, so u can even get comfortable game exp even in games like doom" *shows a dude just holdin a damn box playin portal* lul
Loved the trackpads on the steam controller
Isn’t mouse and keyboard exactly what differs PC gamers from console gamers?
Still using zen 2 based cpu? Epic fail IMO.
so we can play dota 2 with it?
Windows 11: you will probably need to spend hundreds of dollars so that we can keep flooding your PC with bloatware telemetry and spyware Meanwhile, Steam: imma give you full freedom and an amazing gaming experience for a nickel compared to that
Question, can you code in c# and build games on it?
But can it run crysis?
Cities skylines portable would now become a reality.
If this was launched last year at the height of the pandemic, this thing is going to steamroll every gaming thing out there. It probably still will. Please have enough stock.
More common people say, "I'm using arch btw,"
nintendo: (doesn't make switch pro) valve: fine, ill do it myself
Is there fortnite, or Minecraft?
Can it run Battlefield 2042?   Looks like the PSP Vita and the Nintendo switch had a baby. It runs PC im hyped  ( coming to steam and pre ordered ultimate edition)
why tes indie game  triple A tes
I'd rather buy this than the New Nintendo  switch Oled
This is promising
crazy how PC now have a console and it's an handheld
who would win:                                  Operating System                              or               1 colorful boi running 30fps (Nintendo OLed Switch):  SteamOS 3.0 (Arch-based) Display                                                                       7-inch diagonal, 1200x800 px                                 Brightness 400 nits Refresh rate 60hz Processor AMD APU, Zen 2 4c/8t, 2.4-3.5GHz Graphics 8 RDNA 2 CUs, 1.0-1.6GHz Memory 16GB LPDDR5 RAM Storage 64GB eMMC / 256GB SSD / 512GB SSD Expandable storage Yes, MicroSD card slot Bluetooth Bluetooth 5.0 Wi-Fi Dual-band Wi-Fi radio, 2.4GHz, and 5GHz Headphone jack 3.5mm stereo headphone/headset jack Charging input 45W USB Type-C PD3.0 power supply Battery 40Whr battery, 2 - 8 hours of gameplay Size 298mm x 117mm x 49mm Weight Roughly 669 grams
Jesus christ this sounds amazing
Jak nazywa się konsola ?
Fallout New Vegas is finally mobile baby!
Actually impressive.
they should make the screen a bit bigger, those black ridges bother me on my switch, now they will bother me on the steamdeck lol
But will it play HL3?
That thing is instantly bought by me !!!!
Can't wait to play Nintendo games on it
BuT CaN It PlAy CrYsIs ?
Auto buy
Can you connect this to a monitor and use it with mouse and keyboard?
First thing people will do when they get it is wipe the default OS and install windows for Xbox gamepass
64gb for $399. There are PC games bigger than that lol that's like prob 2 games if it's modern ones?
The performance of the graphics subsystem is approximately equal to the level of the GTX 650ti?
Очень хочется купить 👍
So are we getting a console or a pc? Valve : Yes
Waiting linus to review this gadget
Valve just shitted on Nintendo, it makes me think that valve can make the most advance technology whenever they feel like it
2:22 that left guy eyes: Don't you dare mess up or we will have to do another test run with glados
Shut up and take my money
Imagine when FSR get full adopted in most games... tha BOMB!!!
If successful, this will possibly allow Valve to take a lot of market share off PlayStation, Xbox and Nintendo.
Can you play epic game library on this?
It looks like a game gear. It will fail
Where the games are running? On the deck or in cloud?
No shot you'll find it on msrp
Why analog sticks?! We want to play PC games on it... Trust me: It will flop. Just like the Steam Link and the Steam Controller... What would be revolutonary is, if someone developed a mobile (or console) mouse that is as precise as the real thing. Otherwise, stuff like this will never work...
So its just a better switch. LMAO
Please do something about the scalpers so people can actually get this console. I'm thinking about dropping the PS5 to get this console.  Also, can we install games like Valorant or Overwatch on this console? Basically, any games that are not available on the steam platform.
I'm concerned about the battery life. Looks great but could have had a funky look though.
I'm sure this will go as well as their other console.
PC is evolving 😳😳😳
Toilet gamers unite
Ahhhhhhhhh but can u play gmod
Hey! How much Hertz does the screen have?
Hey! How much Hert does the screen have?
Exclusive titles Left 4 dead 3 Dota 3 Team fortress 3   Half life 4
Just choose one camera man!
Can't wait to play half-life 3 on the go :)
Still waiting on Half Life 3
But will it play TF2 tho?
OMG these Nintendo fanbois are getting so salty lmao.
Meanwhile at nintendo:     "What if we release the same thing again but with oled?"
It's like an Xbox Game Pass phone app but for PCs
TAKE MY MONEY LORD GABEN
PS PS2 PS3 PS4 PS5 XBOX XBOX360 XBOX ONE  PC PC2 PORTABLE
But…..can it run crysis?
Onexplayer already did it before, so did Aya Neo.
Im waiting for TF2FES
Dota 22222222222222
They just put Nintendo's hardware in check 399 vs 350.....Nintendo needs to wake up invest in better hardware and new studios for new ip.
Portal 2...portable🤯 I want it!!
the guy on the right looks like he just saw half life 3
Such big black frames around the screen? in 2021? Gabe?
Cant wait to grow my factory while on toilet
instead of PC.. it more of Laptop with a controller attached?
The switch is outdated to an economically risky and bad business move level so this was bound to happen. Nintendo still has the most diehard fan base in the industry so this won’t change anything about Switch, but this surpassing was bound to happen sooner or later
My wallet is ready
Didnt know Elon Musk is a Valve Dev now
Putting down the cash for release date
Can u play Minecraft on it
Jailbreaker will be more like "Yuzu Emulator Go Brrrrrr"
Just as PS2 killed Dreamcast in the past, this SteamDeck will surely kill Switch. Especially if Nintendo doesn’t step up their game
Portable bitcoin mining device
Steam already got my money no question asked. Can’t wait.
Nearly 700grams weight, its DOA.
Get the joke? Hands on deck? Get it?! Okay then!... The thing looks neat though.
So you're not replacing my Switch. You're replacing my ipad mini! Looking forward to this though.
Will it run csgo? My fav game
I'm buying day 1
Can u buy games on there
Hello ps2/ps3 xbox/360 emulation
Why on EARTH would you buy anything above the 64GB model if there's an SD Card slot?
The part where you can connect it to a monitor and keyboard and it’s a PC , now that’s innovation
looks dope but extremely expensive
Nintendo on suicide watch.
YES! Here we go boooisee
Lol what's this? Atari lynx 2.0? What is portable about this thing?
Can it run Arma3?
This looks very interesting AMD just keeps on winning
bots time 😂
Ah yes, after all this years, finally psp 2
Is SteamVR supported :) and yes a cool device..
Can it run Cyberpunk without problem?
Switch OLED for £310 or Steam Deck for £350? LOL. Nintendo need to get a grip.
This has the gpu the switch should have....
pcvr capable?
Lol when you start thinking of the PSP and now really wanna get this thing just to feel like you’re holding a handheld device😂
Okay the Price is really cheap for what you get .
Nintendo switchn't
*Ah, but can it run "Crysis" ...?*
Lord Gaben is blessing us again
But can it run Smash Brothers?
What happened to Elon??😨😨
Will it run crysis? but then i'll be happy to connect valve index vr headset.
steam better start getting some game exclusives now
Makes me wanna play my PSP 1000 again.
Just get game pass on this and it will be unbeatable! :O Steam Deck + Epic games store + Game Pass = shut up and take my money!
This makes me confident in a standalone index
This looks great but why are they only playing Portal 2 and Hades? Can it not play more recent games or games that require much more power to play?
Круто, спасибо.
Nintendo: refuses to release a Switch Pro Valve: Fine, I'll do it myself
Does anyone know if your able to play without an internet connection? If you can’t I feel that would kinda ruin the point of it being portable
Bought the Switch 2 months ago and I‘m already bored with it. I’ll gladly throw it out the window for this portable PC!
Only the 512GB model has an anti glare screen? C'Mon...
3:34 guy on the right looks like Elon Musk.
so hyped for this
Will Destiny 2 be one of the games it'll launch with?
If this thing can run as a Windows pc, does that mean it can play Xbox games since most of them will run on Windows 10 🤔 this is a handheld Xbox 😅
im buying this now u have my attention
Razer handheld didn’t survive. Even this wouldn’t. Handheld is ruled by Switch and will continue to be till 2030, by when we’ll see the PS handhelds back in action.
buy 64gb model and upgrade with  my own Micro SD 512GB
That's literally just a switch lite tho with steam on it
Bigger chipshortage yay..
LMAO it has more next gen features than the ps5!
All we asked is Half-Life 3.
the 800 nintendo employees be disliking under nintendo's pressure.
It's a PC. BUT HANDHELD!
It looks nice but can it run Cemu and Yuzu?. If you want to show what it can do, forget Doom and the rest, show us emulation.
Nintendo has gone into silence after this
We finally have it, PC 2 is there.
Ds3 on the toilet. I'm so down.
0:52 Look where B button and D pad are. What the hell, Valve?
TF2 on the go
+ 1 будущий обладатель этого девайса в моём лице.
3:12 Is this shot at Nintendo switch?
If Microsoft now also integrates Gamepass with Steam Nintendo will seriously have to step up their game.
I’m excited to play Wizard101 on the toilet, thanks
imagine play RDR2 on the go woooow
Can it mine?
So they techically made Microsoft a portable console too. Think about it, gamepass on this is a godsend.
Don't play doom, it's too difficult
So nobody ever heard of GPD?
So hype about this and not the OLED NiNtEnDo Sw1TcH
The switch is a little too big for me and this is the chunkiest thing ever, not very portable, plus where's my 3080 inside it
The Nintendo Switch Pro but is not made by Nintendo
What's the goal of thumbs downing a reveal/positive review trailer.
So wait can you download free games or torrents?? Or is it only steam?
Will probably be more available during the holiday than a PS5.
Can play dota ?
Can we use other game stores? Like epic games ?
Looks amaaazing!
And let the scalping begin!!!!!
Valve: It will be available this holiday season. Scalpers: It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
This plus fortnite
🤩🤩🤩🤩
Which game is this: 6:00?
switch oled :👁👄👁
Aaaand again Nintendo has been bested by the competition
Portable Elden Ring? Ohhhhhhhh
But can it run vr?
But does it run crysis
Crazy.. Gaben
Soooooo that's the Nintendo switch pro
2 Teraflops guys ! That's impressive !
only problem is the price hike for simply your storage space, other than that the device is super cool
SOLD
Wow, impressed!
Буд то кусок от ноута оторвали
If it doesn't run Mario Galaxy, then no 🤷
But will it VR
Can't wait to get one and install Stadia!
awesome
If this can play warzone at 60 fps all the time on low , ill definitely buy it
TF2 on there
HORRIBLE SCREEN. Oled please. Psvita oled 🏆 New nintendo switch oled 👍 New valve console Not oled 👎
What happens to the resolution if you attach it to a monitor? Cuz then 720p becomes a little low
64GB storage won't be enough even for a single AAA modern game, lol... Sounds like 512 is a bare minimum for this console to be useful
But can you play Minecraft with RTX on?
Those dpads are the worst kind. especially for fighting games like tekken.
Still waiting when sony launches ps vita 2 or psp 2 !
Seems like Valve beat Nintendo in making a Switch Pro first
Свищу пора на свалку. Габен с двух ног врывается! Слава Вентилю!
This is the switch pro!
This will sell like hot cakes!
Me: *is a Nintendo fan*  Also me: "My friendship ended with Nintendo, Steam Deck is my best friend now"
this looks really cool!
The screen to device ratio is way too small.
Interesting
Which arch? i386, x86_64, arm, arm64 ?)
Damn
This is everything I've been waiting for! THANK YOU, VALVE!
Can’t wait to be able to order it in Asia
*looks anxiously at the steam controller*
who's copping one?
power move by valve.....what bad timing for Nintendo lol
Does this model have a PC layout like able to open Search engines and YouTube , Facebook,  Twitter , etc?
It looks like a game gear while being 200x better than my computer wtf
looks very bad😐 steam controller was way cooler
It looks like a Hoverboard for my nephew
So Sony... You still don't wanna make a PS VITA 2?
Is this a relatively cheap option for a gsming pc?
Making the display 60 FPS is maybe... not so smart?
This is definitely better then the switch in practically every aspect
Butt the storage
Those bezels tho...
Valve releases SteamOS 3.0, unbelievable.
700 $ ><
Stadia support would be fantastic for cloud gaming
this guy looks like a coomer
3:12 Apple has left the chat
How can the 399 version run Red Dead Redemption 2 ? That game is 150GB in size...
Install Windows on it is really game-changer, not sure why Microsoft never allows this on Xbox, guess they don't like money as much as Valve.
Steam os will make linux gaming butter 🧈 thank you steam
Switch oled model boutta put steam in they place
Nintendo literally shaking rn
Cmon Sony... clearly its time to re-enter the portable market...
What’s funny is if someone found a way to play switch games on this thing buying a switch would be pointless 😂
:o
Can it play GTA V
it Runs arch-based os, damn, Gates must be pissed of
*heavy update not included*
Nintendo should desolve and become a third party developer if they want to survive for few more years lol
Where you at GTA 6
Been planning to buy the switch but im not a fan of their children's games. And most if their games even old ones cost a fortune. Imma wait for this beast
Bye nintendo im gonna buy this
Ill wait for the second version...
The body language of the people talking about it is killing me with anxiety
Gaming is about to peak 👏👏👏
What if the joysticks go bad after a few months?
Day one for me. My lunch breaks at work will never be the same again.
Well Now you know I'm 100% getting one for sure! The $649.00 512 GB NVMe SSD  -Faster Storage -Premium Anti-Glare Etched glass -Exclusive carrying case -Exclusive Steam Community Profile Bundle -Exclusive Virtual Keyboard Theme
Here lies:  The "It's portable" excuse
2:45 that looked laggier than i'd hoped
But PC's game spec it's different from game to game. What if future games require higher spec? Then we have to buy a newer one?
For the price of a GPD Win, this is killer 🤯
1:52 that Grey Shirt man looks like he had become impatient waiting for review to end and wants to play.
Man was hoping it would be 1080p :( still cool
With the success of the Switch, Nitendo has been doing a lot of things half-assed lately, so let's hope this will put some pressure  on them.
Wow, Imagine 10 years from now
What is about battery life?
2 TFLOPs is not the same TFLOPS as Xbox one and PS 4. This GPU is DX 12 ultimate compliant, this means it is capable of features like mesh shaders that XBOX one and PS 4 aren't capable of.
People be like "This is too expensive" then will drop 1000 dollars on a new phone every year.
There better not be drift
Im wondering if those trackpads will get in the way of using the joysticks. What happens when the corner of your thumb brushes up against the trackpad? Also what happens when you accidentally keep clicking the 4 extra buttons on the back?
As someone that can’t afford a PC, I’m so hyped for this.
The fk!!!! That’s cheap
🔥🎸Guilty Gear Strive🎸🔥
Pierre-loup is like a normal looking Elon Musk
This does what the nintendon't
2:47 pun intended ofc
🤯🤯this is amazing... must save 4 this then maybe the switch
"What is this running on?" "SteamOS 3.0" Valve Fans: "hold up.."
How is 64gb useful to anyone?
nintendo be sucking on their own oled now lol
aaaaaaaaaaaa
Current generation is ps5, xbx. You mean it can run last gen games better 😏.  Which is still great 👍
can someone tell me the game @ 4:25 ?
Nintendo switch nervously smokes on the sidelines
BATTERY LIFE! HOW CAN YOU NOT ANSWER THIS OR AT LEAST SAY THEY DIDNT TELL YOU?
"Squishy" triggers probably means analog triggers.
This everything the nvidia shield wanted to be haha
Cool, I'm just wondering if, in three/four years the console will be able to handle the new games being released...
Nintendo: Don't say it. Valve: On your…. LEFT!!!
Sony: We don't interested in portable gaming. Valve looking at Nintendo: Okay...
Everyone acting like this is something big. However, who actually buys these things? Will you be talking about this in a month? A year? My money's on nah you won't.
6:07 that bassline is copyright. lovely day
:O
Hello Valve, Bye Nintendo
Whats was that top down Survival / Harvesting looking game ?
Next up: Epic games announces their competitor to the Steam Deck - titled the Epic Deck
awaiting this
This is a scam, but i'm still gonna buy it anyways xD
Nintendo players: At least we still have first party Nintendo games! Emulation fans: Allow us to introduce ourselves.
Switch oled... Naaaaah
the real switch pro
okay great.. but now make half life 3 plssss
Can't wait to run the battery down in 3 hours lmao
Shut up and take my money 🥲
Let’s hope competition makes Nintendo work harder in the Switch.
coool... but wtf 1cm bezels?
Even the highest amount of gigs doesnt feel like enough.
This looks like the Steam Machine done right
The prices are a bit much ;_;
Расположение стиков и клавиш взаимодействия оченьспорны и не понятно для чего нужны трекпады. Думаю почти никто ими пользоваться не будет
The golden psp days are back in a major way
only thing i'd miss is the physical games, but hey, a more powerful switch, why the hell not
Второй чел выглядит как Айзек Кляйнер из half life)
This might just be the competition that Nintendo needs.
Introducing a handheld device and not talking about the battery life. That's suspicious.
So what they wanted to say is, that you can SWITCH between handheld and PC.
„It can play whatever you want on it“ How about animal crossing?
Can you tell me please what game title is on 4:25 ? thanks!
We got a portable PC instead of PC 2?! What the frick
the name of the game at 4:25?
Those square pads are a little weird and idk about that button layout but the fact it works like a handheld PC, can run games from other apps (I.E. Epic) and can attach multiple peripherals this thing is looking like a game changer. Also can we talk about how AMD is just smashing intel these days.
Can you play gta 5 modded?
Oh lord imma buss
The future! This is epic
Nintendo: " but.. we have OLED"
2:47 saying control your game while looking at "Control"
Nintendo lacks with games so this is finally that "switch" experience with proper game library. Looks its molded better than switch controllee too. Color me interested.
TAKE MY FUCKIN MONEY
Modded Skyrim on the shitter
Geometry Dash ON CONSLE YEAAAAAAA
What is the refresh rate??
does it suffer from thumb stick drift
Can it play GTA tho
Let me sideload games and I'm sold. This could be crazy value long term. EDIT: Sideloading is indeed a thing. Imma sold.
Wait so you can run games on high settings WITH RTX on?? It would be pretty impressive if it’s capable of running Doom Eternal on High, with RTX, 720p, and constant 60fps.
Might get this. No need to buy a gaming $1000 PC .-.
next-generation PSP?!
BUT....CAN IT RUN CRYSIS ?
What is the game at 3:01 ?
Is there certain games that won’t be compatible?
If it plays call of duty count me in
The Switch Pro we wanted..
do they use KDE ?
Oh wow,this is impressive,ifI can connect my controller I'd love it more
If we can use for all steam games purchased now and can use mods take my money with pleasure. 👍 Make it secure for virus too
Can support online multiplayer?
please tell me that will be a white one
Nintendo fans: "We wanted a true switch pro!" Steam: "Hold my deck"
While your at valve can you ask about a TF2 update?
is it 1080p 60fps?
4:25 what game?
It uses Arch btw.
Isn't this the switch hardcore gamers wanted
LOL CRAP  no android fail , Steam OS is crap why should developers develop for steam os haha
Will it be available in Indian Subcontinent?
"This reservation is not available in your country"..... :(
They couldn't make it full HD?
only zen 2 processor, why?
It will be smooth to play mouse games there ?
This is gonna be a big hit for people who console game but want steams library of games and sales. Particularly if you console game but your friends have pcs. And of course it makes nintendont look bad but thats just the cherry on top.
Mind.. absolutely blown!
As a Switch owner, this is something i'd would buy for sure (just to play it alongside Switch)
I'll get myself a laptop.
It's mind blowing that it is fully functional PC. A lot of kids will be asking parents for one to do their "homework".
Is that Elon's cousin
Could you play Dota 2 on it?
Scalpers gonna sell this at 1k, mark these words.
Will buy if someone creates an Advance Wars clone.
a gamers dream come true
iLL ONLY get it if they find a way to let me play Tarkov on it
Nintendo on suicide watch
anyone know if it will be sold at gamestop stores?
Valve is the new Sega: a new real Nintendo competitor
The buttons is so small for me, maybe.. 😂😂🤣🤣
Oh it's like a dream...
switch pro
Valve entered the Chatroom
I'm wondering how well a switch emulator would run on this handheld, that would be sweet.
Is it available in Australia
the funniest part is that it can possibly emulate the Nintendo Switch
Is it an oled
O.o i want one!
but can it run crysis?
Linux
Can it run star citizen?
Aya neo vs steam deck
nintendo's been real quiet after this
This is awesome! Definitly gonna buy it.
Godwin better
Would be great if Microsoft allows game pass to run on Linux.
Fking day 1 فكنج اليوم الأول Fking day 1 فكنج اليوم الأول Fking day 1 فكنج اليوم الأول
4:24 What's the name of this game?
Кто от Бэда?
Nintendo after seeing this. "So you have chosen death!"
Laptop.
People that don’t have a  pc can used this 😊
tf2 on the go?
Valve: "introduces a handheld pc console" Pirates :ITS SHOW TIME
2 TF...... ERM NO
Steam just destroyed the Nintendo Switch
Can't wait to do emulation there
Shut up and take my money!
Does this meen that if you're playing a competitive online shooter, you're going to be matched up against Steam PC users?  Could be a massive problem
Ok now I'm waiting for Epic Deck
Steam just out xbox'd xbox. Meanwhile isolationist Sony and Nintendo are gathering dust.
Tf2 handheld
FSR is going to be perfect for this.
Mmmm Will it be available in Indonesia?
659 for a hand-held gaming pc? Nah.
How about fixing your game Valve lol garbage
hah, gpd win 3 is better
Thank You for the info 📈
Hopefully Yuzu gets more optimized so that we can run switch games on this
Let’s call it GabeBoy
wow more buttons at the back!
This is revolutionary
only big put off is 64GB storage. most games are bigger than that so cant play any of them?
Valve pretending to be a First Party, yet again.
But can it run on Crysis tho?
The guy on the right can't settle on a spot to look at XD
But can it run Crysis?
Kinda looks like a sega Game gear with a huge screen. Very interesting though. Depends on the price.
Can you say how hot the devine gets While gaming on it?
Only 1 thing. How will that thing handle Dota 2?
1. Get this instead of Switch 2. Download Cemu emulator for BoTW 3. Play 60 fps BoTW and laugh at Nintendo
This just shows us how much a nintendo switch is an overpriced garbage cockshit, people was deceived by the nintendo, prices in their shitstore is basically a fraud in some countries (they have incredibly bad regional prices politics)
5:35 Graphics artefacts 😭😁
YOO I'm playing tf2 on this thing from now on
Mobile video / film productions PC. So much potential here, guys.
Ok I'm pretty interested in this. Might get one.
Anyone else expecting a $1000 price tag? Not bad for what you get. Seems like a great emulation handheld as well
Epic store handheld pc/console when?
this is gonna flop
Ayo 400$ for a gaming pc?
Does it support ray tracing!
This is cool, but I’m more excited about the AMD APU inside.
Wow!
I'm sold!!!!!  Definitely on my wish list 🎉
Ah this must be that thing they called „switch pro“
But does it drift
Looking for some Titanfall 2 and Apex performance
My body is ready
Will it sport epic store gsmes
This is awesome
Sign me up!
but can you mine crypto with it?
That name tho 🤔
If you cant afford a easy way to get one for free (if you have a Nintendo switch) mod it then install android and then install steam link! 😂
take my money valve!
the only plus is a handheld, nothing much
Valve played safe here to allow customization
But... can you play Zelda games LEGALY on it? 🤔
The porta-pc
I'm starting to think about selling my shitty pc and buying this thing
Nintendo better release that GB/GBA catalouge with the OLED launch....
How much?
Imagine playing Dark Souls on this.
Nintendo: we now have OLED screen, LAN port and white joycons Valve: here we have a portative pc with steam
OMG Half life 3 is coming :O
Every feature looks awesome but I’m still not so sure about the button layout
Looks amazing
Imagine playing Final Fantasy portable everywhere 👀🤣❤️❤️
This is because they don't make games anymore instead they're making console's
Well im sold lol
"My deck's bigger than your deck" -Valve, probably
SteamDeck: "It's basically a gaming PC in your pocket." 🤓  Switch Pro: "BIGGER SCREEN AND LAN PORT." 🤪
Y’all keep that same energy when NINTENDO MAKES A COMEBACK
It’s official! I’m getting one 😙
Hope the dock has a integrated gpu to make it stronger
Valves switch
Shut up and take my money!
This looks promising. We can even install Epic launcher to play game, not only steam. *Imagine buying this to play games from epic*
Nintendo has got to step up their game man.
The problem with handheld pc is the price, most of them are above $1000 while switch is $300
Bro, starting at 399?? Sign me up, 100 dollars more than a switch for a priceless amount of added value
What the heck is this controller layout?
Nintendo where’s corporate espionage when you need it?
Oh wow am not a pc gamer but this is making want one
Can it run genshin though?
"Is this a console or pc?"  "Yes."  EDIT: the point of a joke is to entertain, not to be technically accurate. calm down.
Nintendo do upgrade your hardware. Last warning by Valve 🤣
Playing rdr 2 on handheld wow
Hopefully this is nitendo wake up call
Nintendo is shitting themselves right now lol
this will run CRYSIS for sure
Cant wait for an OLED model and wide screen !
Esa cosa funcionará mejor que mi PC xD
Apple: We don't want customers to touch or do anything with our product we specifically want them to. Valve: Oh you know just do whatever you want. And here is our entire business plan for this product and why we did it.
This is so epic
Come on guys.... We don't know if this baby can produce a lot due to chip shortage or something.
Oh cool a new switch.
This thing looks like a spiritual successor to the Lynx
Technically you could emulate nintendo games on it then run them at higher frame rates while playing on a switch like layout
Does it have ethernet port ?
@4:25 what game is that?
wonder if valve will start making new games with this new console. they make half life alyx JUST FOR VR.
Can't wait to make to use Blender on this :)
they should start with 256gigs up to 1tb. 64 or 128 won’t be enough for pc gamea
Base model for  399$ ..thats dope
256Gb, almost enough to install Ark....
Same price as the new switch and wayyy better
Nintendo: "Write this down write this down!"
how does a apple Iphone cost 3 times more than that wtf
Wow
that's going right in my basket
Finally,handheld TF2
Battery life ?
Can't wait for the dock.
3:54 he looks like there gonna kill him if he doesn’t say the right things haha
Thank you steam for making the switch pro everybody wanted
buttons too smolll
im having flashbacks to my steam machine. . . .
야 이씨 한국락 실화냐  왜 한국엔 안팔아 차별하냐?
TIEMBLA NINTENDO, TIEMBLA!!! 😈
Who needs a switch when you got a pc of the same size that is literally 100 times better.
the pc gamers that hating on mobile gaming suddenly change their mind when they see this lmao
1:42 okay so no ones gonna talk about how this dude looks like elon musk but a gaming developer
So you can cloud game on it too, so you could play Xbox games. So if you own this, a switch, and a PS5, you can play every game on the market right now.
Looks cool. I'll wait for the next iteration.
Interesting
FF14 machine actually @SQUARE ENIX @valve  if you are listening bundle it with whatever expansion you are on and include ff14 artwork on it and a few special items and you probably do quite well
Are we just going to let the trackpad = mouse comment fly? Especially in the context of fps games? 2:36
Yo this is actually awesome
This is looking VERY promising right now with all the horsepower and it’s price.
But can it cyberpunk
Would you be able to download emulated games and run them on the console?
Xbox game pass on this … woah
Nintendo: (shakes nervously)
This looks beautiful. I'd defo look at getting one.
Nintendo : we have MaRiO  Steam : we have all even Mario
This is it. Welcome to the future!
…… I’m interested!
Nintendo makes my favorite games but they are just doing the bare minimum while valve just made a better switch
Stop waisting time on this, make half life 3!
2TB pls
Hey, it's gamegear
The power alone of able to play any PC games *which is every game you can imagine is insane
Just imagine this with emulators...
Can it play some Dota ?
So another attempt at handheld pc gaming at a ridiculous price
uh
SOLD!
Shut up and take my money
Another place where you can play xcloud
even better than my wildest dreams about what the switch pro could have been
Yeah, nintendo really needs to game up on their switch now.
IT'S A PC, SO YES!!
64gbs in uk version is £350
Sony tiene que hacer algo, se mira muy bien pero ahí algo que quiero saber, q haces si se te gasta o se estropea un stick?
Does anyone know if it can run VR?
Hopefully this can be used as an emulation machine, would really love to play ps2 games on it
6:44 guy on the left: "wow, this guy is a developer but he has a speaking skills better than me, the designer, who supposed to do all the marketing stuff. Boss!! let's get him promoted"
It looks impressive, but the ergonomics do not. What’s up with the position of the d-pad and action buttons?
nobody seems to consider how crazy this is for emulation. We have what is essentially a portable pc that can run windows and hdmi to monitors and tvs. as long as we can plug controllers into this thing, you could emulate any old school game off this thing.
The Nintendo Switch Pro we actually wanted
6:56 >720p >*music stops*
Whoah! Less than $1000!??!?!?!?!
Does this mean that valve will finally fix VAC on linux?
ok this is overrated man...cloud gaming :(
Dual boot to windows. plug in Oculus Quest 2.  TRULY PORTABLE PCVR, HELL YEAH, BABY
Given a choice between a laptop and Steam Deck, it’s a now brainer!  Steam Deck!
Consolify your PC experience
Imagine play Genshin on this
5:26 anyone know what keyboard and mouse he's using?
Finally. The legit Steam console. After all these scams (cough Smash forgot name), the real OG did one instead, busted all other.
They should also make a cheaper "lite" version to play less demanding games, maybe on the level of a PS2, I've always wanted something like that.
Guy at 3:30 look at his eyes, he is full on reading from a teleprompter
Nintendo rn 👁👄👁
This looks amazing but the price is a bit out of my range. I'll be waiting for the Steam Summer Sale.
Is the future here?
Nintendo: Welcome to the game. I've been so lonely long enough.
can it play Path of Exile and Diablo 3? Considering really hard
this is actually so interesting, and further proves nintendo are just greedy.
Will make everything but an anti-cheat
If it truly will be about 400 then I'm definitely getting one
It's amd powered so sadly no DLSS
How well it go after 2-3  years it could get old very fast because it is just a pc not console so optimization wont be great for most of the game.
All the league fans eyeing on this
Man the mods that this bad boy would allow, it’ll basically become a smartphone
Then releases an exclusive game: Half-Life 3
You should have tried playing Escape From Tarkov on it
Cool now give us TF2 Heavy update
What about warzone lol
Even if this thing fails, you still can install windows and a huge amount of emulators to play thousands of games.
🔥🔥🔥
i'll buy if it distribute to Indonesia
Will it run Apex legends!? 😭
Wtf. WOW
So, we all poopin' and playing right?
Valve is value for money
Honestly, adding the hdmi-out to a monitor or TV was *smart* as hell.
Kids buy Nintendo Men's buy desktop Legends buy valve😎
So ray tracing on a handheld...
If this magical little gadget runs CK3 I'm going to love this thing, a long campaign for long boring trips would be amazing
Great. Can’t wait to play Dota on this
When a portable device is Better than your pc
Definitely not buying the new switch model.
stick/button layout looks better than the switch
Steam deck vs Aya Neo vs GPD Win whos win?
Me: when clicked on this vid, thinking atleast it will cost 799$-1000$ I'm not going to buy but it's intresting concept¯\_(ツ)_/¯  I'm the end of the vid: it cost 399$ Me: r u fuckin kidding me!!???
Botaram o Nintendo switch pra mamar
And it has a headphone jack.
If this does 1080p 60fps take my money. Nevertheless take my money
Can it run cyberpunk?
Nintendo are sweating. Hopefully this makes them try harder.
yes but can it run Crysis?
my bank account is in real danger this december
Would love to see games like Apex Legends compare to 360p apex legends on Switch haha!
Uh oh Nintendo. Uh oh.      On the other hand, you can’t find Nintendo gaming experiences in the Steam store.
This looks exactly like a Game Gear. Super chunky and 90s retro. Not sure I’d like to hold this for long gaming sessions.
This is like hand-held Atari vcs.
What’s the FPS looking like
This is honestly so sick. Great Job with this tech.
Lets go how much?
Did someone say handheld emulator?
Handheld gaming pc: "its portable though 🖥 🔥"
when your mother wont buy you a switch
Kinda curious as to whether or not really big games that aren't on steam like Minecraft and Fortnite will still be playable without having to install a separate operating system.
This is better than Nintendo Switch in almost everyway
Boycott Nintendo
People were already disappointed with the OLED switch. The release of this from valve has just completely shown them up.
This ain't no "Steam Deck". It's...  "GABEBOY" (not registered name yet though) ;-).
plot twist, Half Life 3 will be Steam Deck exclusive !!!
Oh look, another Valve hardware. Say hello to the Steam controller, Steam Link and Steam Machine when you get abandoned too Mr. Steam Deck
Yo what's up with discount Elon Musk?
this. is. insane.  FINALLY. Linux gaming support will REALLY start to take off now. (As long as they don't mess up this product launch.)
Now another best console is launching  thank you steam
Switch Pro with sadly.....no Nintendo exclusives
hi griffin
The biggest thing for me here is you can coonnect to monitor and it will act as a pc console!
The real question is, can it run dota 2?
This could do amazing as an emulation PC!
...wonder how MHW is going too be like for this...
This is more fresh than what Nintendo did with the switch
Please don't fail this time
Important no joycon drift 😂😂
Wow the price range ain’t that bad was expecting 800+
Next year valve would release valve labo
Can it play offline?
this guy is a stud 🙃
PC 2 Has finally been announced
They better not pull some crap where portal 3 or hl3 is only available on this deck
YES a long way from PSP
Yes, but can it run Doom?
So a portable game system for PC guys. Remind me of the Nvidia Shield and other competitors.
Imagine how fast the battery drains 😂
Would be better if you can use it also as a remote play for PS5, surely will hit billions in the market.
Can we play cs go?
bro my keyboard is bigger than that whole console
seems like they just killed my reason to get a gaming pc. love ya lord gaben.
4:26 what game is that? Please
It hurts me to say as a Nintendo fan, this looks better than all the Switches.
A powerful handheld gaming device for $399???? *Poggers* O:
Finally We can play Dota 2🤣
Better be able to play Half-Life while shitting
Nintendo ketar ketir
But can it run switch emulator tho
Wait just a mintute isnt this just a gaming laptop with a built in controller?
Ign in 7months: Today we are outside of Origin Studio where we are gona look at the Originami a pc made entirely from Origami that can fit inside your wallet
The console killer
what sold me with switch is replaceable controller, because on hard use it easy to drift. This maybe win for portability, but for modularity switch still win...
his hands look too big
is it coming to Australia?
so the switch pro is *real* after all
So call of duty black ops ?
What is the name of a game on 4:23?
Steam workshop?
Yo whats the name of the isometric game that shows at 4:23
they look so proud of themselves,i'm happy for them
FINALLY a real alternative to the switch
Finally a way to play my steam games in a portable way
So excited for this
Нихуя не понял но очень интересно
Looks amazing! Considering picking up the highest storage one, but still waiting for more info.
Will it handle games such as total war war hammer 2?
The next game gear??
this is Hype! way better than nintendo
finnaly portable devil may cry Im motavated
Ill wait for the next model with a less bezels and an OLED screen xD
Do you want to play with my deck?
Nintendo BOTW vs Steamdeck HL3, will be an interesting fight for me if it ever comes out😂
Arguably the best part is when you look up the price of most gaming PCs and compare them with this thing.  Looks like I'll be parting with my $1000 laptop soon...that is, unless Valve screws up and releases it before it is finished or it faces the same fate as the PS5 and becomes immediately abandoned because of scalpers' greed.
okay enough waiting for switch pro
An actual innovative product. Thanks Valve.
Just a better switch in my opinion
_What features do you have on the steam deck?_    *YES* 🤑shut up and take my money
This looks very promising, definitely going to buy one!
What will make or break the Steam Deck is the price.
They have to be selling this thing at a loss.
Nintendrones are still gonna buy the Switch because they love 4 pm pegging sessions with Nintendo.
Can it play Cyberpunk tho..
wow that is one serious SOC
Cmon, guys. It's not just amazing. They literally killed all the competitors including Nintendo, PS5 , Xbox and all gaming pc. It's the gadget of the decade imo
damn that some wide portable console
can you play GTA V?
Sooo.. Final Fantasy 11 at work?
It's it VR compatible?
Imma put Arch on it lol
Definitely a Nintendo switch killer
Is this gonna stand up to the Alienware UFO??
Nintendo Switch is for kids, Steam deck is for men
The guy at 2:21 on the left be like: 👁👄👁
Me to my kidney: I’m sorry, bro
One of the best things about the SteamDeck is not the system itself, it is the people who think this will be a competitor to the Nintendo Switch.
The Nintendo switch 10 lol 😂
This will help me clear out my backlog.  Day 1
Imagine this with VR compatibility. That would be insane
so hows the battery life?
This thing is cool, but 64 Gigs isn’t going to cut it for a PC like device
So if this is running Linux based OS how compatible is it with PC games? If people can't play the entire steam library it's a waste of money.
Nintendo: doesn't announce switch pro  VALVe: announces their own fully fledged handheld pc  Nintendo: *panic*
*Looks at Scott The Woz*
OK
Valve doing everything except update TF2
this doesn't have oled display, utter garbage console
What’s this gonna be in 10 years?
Steam OS is based on Arch BTW
Looking forward to having a new device upon which to buy on sale games that I'll never play.
Steam is online though. Can it play games offline?
Nintendo:   Valve: Fineeeee....
Shut up and take my money!!!!!
Pls don't be out of stock.
Why did they look terrified explaining the handheld console. Look at their body movement, eye movement and how they talk 😂
VALVE PogCrazy
Yeaaahhhh! I'll play splinter cell "portable"!
The ps-vita walked so the steam deck could run.
Теперь нитендо не сможет продавать свое говно по овер цене и говноигры по овер цене
Game gear vibes
Question tho can you use to this machine to emulate games if It can that's an instant buy for me
Idk why everyone is comparing this to a switch.. Its a PC in your hands... nothing more.
Imagine having the 256Gig version and figuring you can only fit Call of Duty in it since it will eat up the entire hard drive. XD
Scalpers newest scalp 🙄 besides that it looks very interesting and would love to play some older games like Half Life and Daggerfall again and mobile too!
What's the resolution while on the monitor though? Can it run 1080?
Nicccccccccccceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Lowspecgamer is excitingly awaiting
Gamer over Nintendo
NINTENDO, DON`T CRY baby
Day one purchase
This is looking valid af
If it can let me play game like latest resident evil on the move, then I’m in
Damnit. Now there is this for scalpers to eat up and sell for $1000
I’m only worried about the price now.
Hope Steam OS becomes more open and a thing in PC market. As a competition to Windows.
This is going to be insane!
This came 2 years too early.... Imagine this on a zen 4 5nm process with rdna3 chip... Hopefully we get a steam deck pro refresh 2023
can share save？ pc to deck？
Copping just for Bannerlord 2
That's a nice, long Deck.
so this is the switch pro we're all waiting for
Don't know much about console gaming but this looks great
PS5 and now this...AMD.
whats the game on 4:26
damn!
Can it run Cyberpunk on max settings tho?
399 guys  *inset pewdiepie's gaming chair promotional song
Shadowrun Deckers using a Steam Deck?
Steam can win this generation
Elon Musk is looking rough these days
well those smach z scammer could have done this years ago but they wasted their opportunity while scamming
Who else thinks that valve announced this at the right moment just after nintendo disappointed us ?
this is better than the switch
Better buy this than switching to Switch OLED. 🔥🤣
Valve Switch! * Click *
Just bought an switch like a month ago, seriously kicking myself right now…
2:30 Yes! Gyro controls getting some much needed love! Hopefully, when this comes out people will appreciate the gyro controls a lot more.
can v play dota?? on this
THIS LOOKS INSANE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My wallet already hates it.
NEED, NOW
Can't play Blizzard games.
Yeah no I'll stick To my Xbox and PC mate
Google: Stadia is revolutionary Valve: Hold my beer...
What’s the name of this game 4:26
It will probably be hard to get one because of all the scalpers lol
Can it play and run tarkov
I’ve been waiting all my life for a machine like this... 😊
Do you think applications like RPG Maker would work with it? As well as making custom assets FOR that kinda stuff?
Steam: **allows customisation, reinstallation, unrestrictive**  Nintendo: 🤢🤮
Looks like a sega game gear lol
People really think this is gonna take out Nintendo?
What to do when controller gets broken? Controlers last about 2 years
I'm still gonna ask it:      "Can it run Crysis?"
This just makes me regret buying the Switch...
When you look at these games why is it that these controllers never wear out? And yet, your xbox controller lasts 6 months at best and this includes their crap pro controllers? Planned obsolescence anyone?
The size of it is massive for such a small screen! 😂
Why is Elon Musk in there?
Can it run Doom?
but can it run microsoft flight simulator?
Interesting..
Left Speechless confirm investment
Surf Ninjas 2 CONFIRMED
Does it hold physical cartridges or cd?????  Or is it all digital download?
PS controller inspiring Xbox users.
Damn, imagine bringing this thing to a friend's house and hooking it up to the big screen and being able to access your entire Steam library, all in a device that fits inside your pocket.
This will be revolutionary upon full implementation of cloud gaming where you can also game in your android phone. No more powerhungry build just to play games.
Could dota be played there?
Nickelodeon Ultimate All-Stars + This baby = Death of Nintendo Switch
Take my money! 💰
let's just he honest here... It's literally just the Nintendo Switch Pro. even the layout and menu just look so similar-
About to sell my switch for this!
The cheapest option got room for like, two games.
The buttons look terribly small.
Oh boy! can't wait for my CSGO teammates to purchase this device!
Oh yeah!! Pc is in the chat...
We have reached the peak of gaming, the next advances will be this getting faster and better, nothing else
Ever wanted to buy a switch, but wished it ran Arch btw? Now you can!
Xbox, Nintendo, Playstation... your end is near
Don’t like the thumb stick placement
Wow out of nowhere valve... Surprise surprise
Take my money
With this thang being a pc handheld  you’re probably gonna be able to use emulators for past Nintendo games, and might even be able to use an emulator for the switch. Looks like Nintendo is gonna have to step up their game.
Bro show the game library
Can someone please tell me the name of the game in 4:24
Can it modding?
Able to play PC games without needing a powerful PC, and on the go, genius.
Finally  PC 2
now the switch must launch a pro console
PC Vita
Sony almost did the same thing 10 years back with vita.... Who's playing it in 2021? 🤍
Heavy update when?
This actually looks really interesting ! Looking forward to this
but can it run Crysis?!
There isn't a universe where that trackpad will be even close to a mouse
4:25 what game is that?
This is cloud or not?
Can it run robloc?
Linux for Life
Steam OS means you have to buy ALL your games thru steam ?
1:51 Homie really put a lot of thought power into the handheld. 💀
The only downside is to wide
Does this have TPM 2 ?
Bro that actually looks so promising
Can't Waite to ply Sons of the Forest or Manor lords on this
Nintendo fan: still not oled
Sony com on it's time to respond already
Question is “is this worth it over a laptop”?
Pffft my ps5 doesn't even have a browser.......
Handhelds are overrated ...period..
I'm definitely buy that, its really cheap, its gonna success for valve
It would be dope if there were more mods and colors  Me: (Coughing) under my breath ( half life 3 ?)
Nintendo, Ps, xbox: he is to dangerous to keep alive  Steam deck: haha pc console goes BRRrrrrrr
It’s a modulated console. Literally what we just got with the new console generation. Consumer politicking is just as disgusting as real politics.
So tf2 portable?
What UI are they using for the desktop? Kinda looks like KDE.
Nintendo Switch OLED: Nani???
what game is that he playing @4:26
But can it run Minecraft ?
Nintendo fan are dying of jealously right now
That's a big game boy
Definitely buying this.
Will it run 1080p docked?
finally... TF2 portable
This is nintendos fault
Okay this is fine but can this run Windows 11?
Vr?
Can it play EPIC games?
It would be pretty epic if it was vr compatible
Cool
Real question is how fast can u crank 90s 🤣
Valve: *releases 7 inch desk-switch*
If they can do this right, I'm in! Handheld PC! PC on the toilet, PC on the bed, PC on the bath, PC anywhere and PC everywhere. 😂
but can it play black ops 3?
im pretty sure you can install emulators on this. this might be my new favorite console
That Elon?
"Out of stock"
the button layout is stinky
I'd love a Steam app update... that's all for now :((   But i'm excited
Why is his shirt collar bothering me….
GTA 5 on portable FINALLY???
That's gonna be revolutionary
Come on Valve launch ot in India . Please 😭
Whew. Cant wait to get it man
720p it's not impressive for the money!!
THATS IT!! IM BUYING!!!
DOTA 2 Mobile and Half Life 3 confirmed
my steam library on the toilet, this is it everyone we are offically in the future
Does it come with BIOS/UEFI access? (or equivalent?)
A laptop with a controller instead of a keyboard.
C S G O??
Does it have next gen rumble?
If they Confirm 60 FPS high res output they can take my money. Even better if they come out with an HDMI option for connectivity and Xbox/Ps5 controller support.
would like it if the deck was thicker for more perforamce
if this can play D4 im buying it!
test destiny 2 on that
What game is that at 4:25?
Nintendo switch lookin like its finna be sold for this 💀
Ah so this is the nintendo switch pro
It's all gangster till you get drift
Could you in theory use the usb-c to expand the storage without the limitations of micro sd?
“A gaming device isn’t worth much if it can’t play games well”  Nintendo: 👁👄👁
But uh... why?
WOW ?
Time to emulate switch games on this bad boy.
can we play DOTA on these tho?
so your saying instead of buying a 1k$ pc you can buy this and play any game?
Nice let's play gtav on it
wow so a better version of Switch. this is like Breath of the Wild and Genshin Impact.
Thats nice but can it run crysis?
Thank you AMD?
Yaaay now we can play the sim 4 everywhere
the switch pro we wanted
First thing I’m doing is installing yuzu
PC 2 you waited for.
The Laptop 2
Portable is love
They just dicked slapped Nintendo 🤣🤣
Does it gave joycon drift???
Take my money
Smooth fps is for some players 30 fps, 60 fps or more....
But the true question is, can you run Source Film Maker or Blender on it? That would be incredible.
This will make a dream RetroArch console ^^.
but can u hook it up to vr like think about it if it do then ya got a valve thay bassicly wirless cuz ya got the thing itss hooked to in ya pocket
so this is emulation paradise :D
I've been wanting to play half life but don't have a pc I'll buy this instead
Can't wait to play Dolphin on this thing
Real talk : If you already have a Switch, this might not be worth it for $400 since a PS5 and a decent entry-level PC will cost you about that much. This will probably sell well with people who don't have a portable gaming system yet and can afford the $400 price point.  Also....scalpers will be a thing.
Kinda reminds me of a sega game gear.
Specs?????
can we even play battle royale  on this
Can't wait to give steam my money for this
Finally… *PC 2*
They should call this what it really is…..a portable emulator
thats how you make a ninten swith pro hahahaah
This looks pretty cool. Curious to hear more about the lag, how much and if it's noticeable
It needs to come with Half Life pre installed.
Nintendo has the ball still in the court but they need to bring us a better more up to date handheld real soon or my money at least will be going to this handheld…
Bye SWITCH
if its a small pc can it run epic games content? i’d love to have a portable way to play kingdom hearts
I'm just happy it's AMD.
Counter strike on a portable system?!?!?
Bro the switch is dead
Is this going to be a stand alone console
that guys head is glorious
Goodbye Nintendo!
Cant wait to play dota
900 Game steam library on the go. Instant buy for me.
When you play tf2 on Nintendo switch O_O
the real question; does it play DOTA 2?
What happen if play Warzone in this device
And upon release the hardware will be two years out of date just like most pcs
Valve does what Nintendon't
Would be better if the controller is detachable, and they provide some sort of keyboard-dock combo
Gabe: So, how do we sell this like hotcakes? Valve Employee: What if we release Half Life 3 exclusively on this console? Gabe: hehe
Goodbye My PC :')
🔥🔥🔥
It's funny when you think about it, but maybe you can just have enough juice to emulate the Switch itself.
Finally… the PC: 2
half life 3 is gonna be steam deck exclusive bet
Switch pro?
What game is he playing a 4:24?
Shut up and take me money, can finally leave Nintendo for this
Imagine playing Dota here
The thumbs on the thumbnail. WTF??
Well, this is another item on my wish list. LOL
can it run flight simulator 2020 at max settings?
Can it play Gamepass?
Now if this thing can take calls, goodbye phones
Sayonara switch oled looks like this is my next console in buy list
But does it do ray tracing
What you guys think about playing DOTA 2
the next Emulation King is here
Oh boi, a great reason to buy a console.
Can it run crysis?
Finally steam os will be able give windows a run for their money...
Install Epic launcher on this
Should have given 120 gigs instead 65 on 399$.
Can’t wait to play Garry mod on the go
Now we can mod games in a console 😱
eat crap nintendo!
Sooo can you install the steam OS in Aya Neo to test this in the early stages of the OS??? :D
New competitor for Nintendo switch
Still regret buying ps vita
How in the world are you going to fit games in 64gb like warfare games which requires 132gb atleast. Also sdcards are slower then ssd
this dude looks like elon musk before he got the hair
people are all debating about switch vs steam deck, and i'm like.... yeah... now with steam also in the competition, atari and google are pretty much dead.
if this handheld can play switch games....
So big boy valve is making a hand held pc.
Image carry all my game in one device make me wet
This is suprise, amazing.
Does it play xcloud games?
battery life?
Anyone with sense will know the true value of this is not play Triple A or graphics games but indie games like Factorio/Noita on the go
We were in need for this competition with Nintendo
Guys, this means portable Minecraft Java edition.
Idk why everyone is comparing a switch to a valve console pc or whatever its name is, Nintendo doesn't even compete anyways so they don't care.
Wait wait so in theory could u use xbox game pass on it ?
So um does it run tf2 or no will we never get portable tf2
Steam deck > Switch OMEGALUL ED  or Nintendo foresaw this, and gonna release the 60fps switch next year.
Its a console, thats easily moddable?
New dota machine
Sooooo
А дисплея пожалели???)) и как по мне, такое чувство, что это трансляция с пк на эту штуку)
Since steam os is Linux, if this product is successful then there will be more games for linux
If it's not around the Switch price then  it's doomed
DOA
But is the battery end-user replaceable.
1200x800, so basicly it wil be HD spec game. Best steamdeck can expect is like ryzen 3 2200g
Are you  joking the really did it
Does gamepass work on this ?? 😀
cant wait play dota2 mobile
Nintendo Switch : We can only give you OLED Screen And 64 gigs And a new back stand   Valve : Hold my 🥃 Of whiskey
😮
Are we talking BF2042 Mobile? But only mobile part is the PC, not the game.
Nintendo: Here's our new Switch. Valve: Hold my beer, and buy me another one.
putting a Zen2 same as PS5 and Xbox series X but this small... quite worry with the heating problem...
Bro im planning to buy a V2 this year and then boom, daddy Gaben is unbelievable.  Nintendo punching in the air rn
Looks like your generic chinese Wish switch knockoff
So like a switch pro??
Cant wait to play Dota on these
Anybody interested, will be selling a switch for how much ever they said this cost again
Imagine playing dota2
I'm actually impressed
1:42 unsuccessful elon
classic ign.this video just sounds like an advert for the deck. no critical thinking here
It's playing pc games and they really thought there was a point of making a 64gb model?
Will this be able to hook up to my tv and will the have pro controllers like the switch 😅😅😅
This will be an emulation beast!!!
Lol, im goona download this and then download Yuzu xD
But can it emulate a certain _other_ handheld console?
Sold
I'm definite gonna buy this High-Specs console and . . . and . . . and . . . play Stardew Valley 🙃
Steam deck does what nintendont lol
Gonna be interesting to see how this evolves and how Nintendo responds in a couple years
The base model is indeed $399 but 64GB? Either you buy an SD card which increases the price of the console, or you buy an upgraded version. The base price to play games like Doom Eternal isn't $399. If you want to use it as a PC, 64 gigs is next to nothing. To be fair, the Switch certainly needs an SD card if you're buying digital games. And the joycons aren't the most enjoyable controllers but can be used to play on the TV. The Steam Deck needs a separate controller.
Can it really play dota 2?
What is the resolution in dock mode
Oh yes cold war on the go
Just saw a video about switch "drift" (uploaded 2 days ago) being solved by cardboard behind the joystick... Make sure Valve knows so they don't have any drift haha
Anybody know what the keyboard at 4:25 is called?
Can we play gamepass games???
Ah so this is where valve sink their Dota 2 Battle Pass Money into.  Anyway, this feels more promising than OLED Switch upgrade
Trackpads 😭😭🤣🤣🤣
Could it play Garry’s Mod though?
Switch pro
1:43  Elon musk looks thin in here 🤔
Nintendo fans: when's the switch pro coming?  Nintendo: New Nintendo Oled screen model  Steam: Fine I'll do it myself
Please dont forget to update ur mobile steam app :(
DOTAAAAAAAAAA HANDHELD! <3
Want a powerful version of Switch? Buy a Steam Deck, download a Switch Emulator, and there you go.
Take my money
What sort of power is this?
But can it run Star Citizen?
yeah thats pretty cool
Now there's another system we could play Skyrim on.
Lol the dev guy needs some social interaction xD
Nintendo: *Doesn't update their 5 year old hardware that was already dated at launch.*  Valve: "Fine, I'll do it myself."
This is only worth it if windows games can play on it too, otherwise get a laptop
I'm sold. Please ship to Australia.
64 gb? how is this gonna work on todays games?
4:40 huh? sorry busy looking up something "pages for emulators, playing ff14, xbos game pass related games, etc and how to install those onto steam deck"
Would have been cool to see non gaming apps shown in the video haha! Imagine processing spreadsheets on this. Wouldn't be the best option but is cool nonetheless
Steamdeck + Yuzu / Ryujinx = Switch Murderer
I'm thinking about plugging this to the tv and using a xbox controller
The Cleveland Steamer Deck is finally real
How much is it?
doesn’t have smtv tho
this looks cool, i'm not gonna lie, and the trackpad is the future imo
IGN: 0/10 Steam Deck too steamy
Finally gta4 handheld
Lost all credibility after saying the trackpad isn't far off from using a mouse.
Does it can run Cyberpunk?
Imagine playing switch games on this using emulator 🤣
Buying one.
That's just a switch with extra steps
a 600 dollar worth of value portable desktop gaming pc that  only 400$?, take my moneyyyyyyy If  it can allow me to work on it like office stuff, im buying this day 1 no doubt
The switch killer
Base model doesnt even have room to install a new game.
why only portal 2 is shown most of the times!
The auspicious millennium renomegaly rush because venezuelan demographically fold beside a relieved porch. cute, thick hyena
This will run breath of the wild better than the switch.
But what if it starts drifting…
Switch: No switch pro cause they know it will sell cause there's no competition  Steam: Fine I'll do it myself.
im confused. it says its running steam os and that's linux based. but does that mean it can only play games that are linux compadible or is it able to play windows games?
Alex(Lowspecgamer ) got some new content
If this can run VR games well I'm sold.
But can it run Crysis?
Will games installed on this pcp be the same size in gb compared to games installed on PC and console? If it is 500gb is pretty low for internal storage. 1 or 2 terabytes would of been awesome.
If im playing this in public and some mofo calls it a switch imma slap dem with it
it just looks like if you took the controller off the nintendo switch but thats the whole thing
Huh. Can play all your steam games. 3x as powerful as the switch. And can still be plugged in. Why woukd anyone want a switch?
Hopefully this puts prehistoric Nintendo to well deserved pasture
This means new half life? Still satisfied with alyx
not far off from a mouse, you crazy??!?
What space farming game is he playing anyone know? The old 16/32 bit one
This is how we combat nintendo boys
Installs switch simulator on it*  Console of everything
Now Nintendo has no choice but to make a console with up to date graphics that really competes with Modern day processing power.
Can this pc run Microsoft word?
Ojo que trae pantalla lcd antigua para lo que trae
$649 is an excellent price.... this is a pc after all.
Will Xbox game pass PC version be usable on this device??
Yes a portable option to finish my never ending steam backlog
As a handheld lover,i really like this
Can it play skyrim at 60fps 4k?
Can it be connected to a tv?
Finally, someone who can compete with the Nintendo Switch. Get yourself together Nintendo and stop trolling us with your ridiculous updated models
the price..is it worth for $500++??  if that things cant run AAA game ultra settings, better dont buy it
Nintendo: what do you MEAN giving it more power other than a big screen? Valve: lol get a load of those freaks
Now the big question remains: Will the stick drift on the long run though?
Valve builds a handheld  Doesn't play DOTA2 on it
Definitely will buy 1
Well this is a first.
Why doesn't the screen fill that whole black space?
Can it play quake?
Can’t wait to get one of these and find out the controller isn’t compatible with half of my Steam library!
Games nowadays are more than 64 gigs in themselves lol
That thing looks very clunky and uncomfortable to use. All the buttons are places SO high up on it...?
I'm interested to see how games like TF2 and Doom will work on this
The pc switch
Nintendo couldn’t even give us customizable background lol
-Will it play cyber punk?
Should have added that piece of plastic on the back like the Wii U’s game pad. Don’t care what anyone says, that huge thing was surprisingly very comfortable
Aya Neo, GPD win 3, and Xoneplayer- ARE WE A JOKE TO YOU?
Do want
Just bought a Switch a few months ago. Selling it and buying this.
Cant wait to play Horizon Zero Dawn on a handheld
Nintendo should just merged with Sony already and destroy everything.
Damn steam just revive the wiiu
But can it run BOTW on an emulator?
Can it handle a 2 tb sd?
So is there any limit on games that this can play handheld then since it’s apparently a full functioning pc?  Like can it play games that are on a different launcher than steam?
Aah.. bless lord gaben
Просто возьмите мои деньги и дайте это
But can it play breath of the wild?
What's that game at 4:22 ? LoL
Please make plenty of these things so we can get our hands on it
Can u play through epic game store?
Can anyone tell me what game is being played at the 4:28 mark?
Nintendo shot themselves in the foot… Steam is going to put a strangle hold on the market with this
Will this play PlayStation
Wait if the base model is 64gb that’s barring customers from buying certain games. Valve needs to think about that before releasing
Question how will it handle games like Arma that need like 30+ Keybinds especially with mods
$399.....so Valve can count to 3 after all! Half-Life 3 confirmed next?
Half life books in the background? Half life 3 confirmed.
PS5: am I a joke now? Valve: pretty much……
That 720p screen with only 400 Nits on a Liquid Crystal Display might be a deal breaker for me.  Why not go with an Organic Light Emitting Diode screen like our phones have? Also, 60 Hertz. ? How about a 1440p resolution screen at 650 Nits of brightness for outside viewing. Throw in 144 Hertz refresh rate with 90 and 60 Hertz tiers at 1ms response time.  Where does this crazy idea come from?, how about my Asus Rog 5 phone with exactly those specs.
Game Gear ?
Wooooow plz give me
I'd use this with a nexdock for college classes, then plug it into a gaming setup back at my dorm.
Great job Valve! But how does it run Cyberpunk?
I'm sold
Fok off, take my money Gaben
Very cool
It does what nintendon't
Valve does what Nintendon't.
Looks pretty impressive. So does this give like for like to desktop PC games and what’s the main difference?
Fun fact: Nintendo sold a unopened Mario 64 for 1.5M dollars, making it a record breaking sale by Nintendo.
Soooo... a switch with tf2?
valve create everything.. except Hal Life 3
Wow.  This thing is going to bomb.
Just need two USB ports and a stander on the backside of the console to stand by itself... I'll take that and play all night long
This gives off major  Sega game gear vibes
Looks like wiiu
battery life?
Heehee
Me: Idk man it looks weird.  Video: it can play portal 2 Me: shut up and take my money
If only the cloud saves for Metro 2033 Redux 😢
can you tell me what game is it? 04:25
2:26   was.......was that a pun...
Game gear
The biggest question is the price doe
Can anyone tell me the game they were playing  from 4:25 to 4:31? It looks fun lol
You can install anything you want?  Okay, time to install Cemu, YUZU, and Dolphin.
Sweet!
OMG. I’m getting this just for emulation alone.
Is this Nintendo switch
gimme.. gimmee
Can it run warzone?
Honestly this looks pretty amazing
600$  for a 720p  portable switch! No!
Looks cool but the games showed are not the best games
Can't wait to throw this while playing souls-like games and Darkest Dungeon!
So you cant play the most recent Ubisoft game, cuz it's epic and ubistore exclusive.
*_everybody gangsta' until Epic games reveals their own handheld console_*
Ah valve, the kings of DOA hardware
Can’t wait seeing some one playing CSgo in public shouting Cyka Blytta and other profanities and telling too other people f**k off
if nintendo didn't up their game they'll be stuck doing software only trust me on this and this valve deck is the beginning
That button layout is atrocious
*_This needs to have the non vr version of Half life: Alyx_*
But, will it run Crysis?
lol now if people wanna play steam games but don't want to spend 1500$ on a pc  they can just buy this for 400$ Nintendo is so getting mad after this
this steamdeck just killed every consoles and other handheld consoles xD
The question is.... Does it fix the joycon drift?
Wait can't I play Genshin Impact on this???... I'll buy your whole stock
Can it run the average VR game?
wwow thats cooool
Valve with emulator and pc gaming stacking on top on each other while punching Nintendo in the ball and make a slam dunk  Valve: the future is here old man
Long liv linux. Finally happy to see someone utilizing full potential of linux. My worry is only on the dolby support, linux has no match for dolby audio from a windows games/movies or an xbox.
defo buying this going to be grate to emulate games on like ps2 ps3 GameCube etc
Is this another Chinese made handheld or is local?
Let's just hope that this doesn't flop like almost every hand held "PC"
All they have to do is market it that it doesn't drift and Nintendo will get annoyed
Joke about how the Switch OLED model was underwhelming and how the Steam Deck is what people were looking for.  Seriously, you're all comedy geniuses.
I've been waiting for this for 3 years
Wanna see the performance of cyberpunk 2077 in the machine.
Nintendo: “now with OLED”  Valve: “hold my beer”
4:30  what game is this?
The line between consoles and PC'S continues to blur
Hmm can we play final fantasy xiv?
Hopefully valve doesn't abandon this halfway through like most of their projects.
Ei, there are two guests right but only 1 speaks? 🤨
This is what the switch wanted to be. A console, handheld, and pc in one. Since pc is arguably stronger than console it functions more as a pc but can still easily hook up to a tv like a switch. With functioning gyro and mouse trackpad and fully customizable buttons and ui.
Sony be like. "Thats ps vita 2"
Is it weird that the back buttons are what sold me on this?
Looks like a GameGear
IPS? 👎
So…. Can it play csgo?
The background music in this video is an absolute banger
I’ve seen one comment that wasn’t talking about the switch
BEWARE THE SCALPERS
Finally, I’m getting older and it becomes harder for me to keep sitting for hours even minutes just to play a game. Especially after sitting the whole day doing my job.
Just buy PS5 LMAO 😂
This console looks crazy rdr2 on the go? Cra cra
people keep comparing it to nintendo switch but it kinda seems more like the lite in terms of design. since you can't detach the controllers and the switch controllers are part of the feature(including the drift lol)
Can it run csgo in desktop mode?
I’m buying this!!!!!!!!! When is it coming out!!!!!
this is dope but the lost me with the storage options and price from them is crazy.
Looks like a Game Gear
really want to see dota 2 on this
Очень классная портативка очень жду
Still too expensive for a Handheld tbh. Only for the debted or fairly wealthy. Great Specs though
Welp nintendo just got btfo
4:22 what game is this? thanks
Me thinks me like
Nintendo is going down lmao
Valve please release it in windows OS so we wont have difficulty installing it
woowww. its look better than smach z
Not gonna lie work on the price to storage ratio a little more storage for the base model and you’ll have a seller like 120 gigs at least cmon look at gta 5 , fortnite, warzone, cod all that to name a few triple A’s that use over 64 gbs
tf2 on the go
Want
Is there oculus link compatible because it's because it sounds like it would be amazing for that too
WAIT CAN YOU PLAY TEAMFORTRESS ON IT
3 different versions... Half Life 3 confirmed
This is going to give Nintendo a run for their money. $400 dollars is a must buy especially next to a $350 Switch OLED that locks you into Nintendo's game store and this allows you to use it as a full desktop PC
I've owned plenty of these and it lags so much when its not charging just like a gaming laptop
BUT… can it play HL3?  Oh.. wait… there is no HL3 😂
Xbox Portable
maybe in the future valve could release superior docking peripheral that boost the console performace for higher resolution and fps. and the best thing is, unlike nintendo steam games already created to run in multiple settings so there no need for extra adaptation.
If it can get game pass I'm in
Valve does it again
This could challenge the Switch.
annnnnddddd nintendo is irrelevant again
FF14, PSO2 on the go! No more rubbish cloud gaming!
Yeah but what’s the battery life though?
Can it run cyberpunk 2077 at 8K 60fps ?
does the sticks being capacitive mean that stick drift won't be an issue?
Xbox game pass???
I'm definitely getting the version with a cellular phone connection
The reason all the other handhelds fail and Nintendo's don't isn't because of performance or quality, it's because people want to play Nintendo's games, Nintendo's hand helds wouldn't be so successful if it wasn't for first party games. If people could buy Zelda animal crossing Mario Splatoon and smash on other consoles no one would have cared about the switch.
Nak2 mau2 mesti mahal giler natang ni...
No point if it doesn't have exclusive games
Omg looks so amazing
modern handheld console that if compared to switch have far bigger games arsenal, but far cheaper prices.   that already win me so much. not yet to mention the cloud saving and the seems stronger performance. the minus probably in detachable controller, and non existant cartridge.
only if it launches in India too
Sᑌᗷᗷ𝙸ᑎ𝙶 ᗷᗩᑕ𝙺 𝚃𝙾 ᗩᑎ𝚈𝙾ᑎ𝙴 𝟹 𝚃𝙸𝙼𝙴𝚂 ᗯᕼ𝙾 ᒪ𝙸𝙺𝙴S 𝚃ᕼ𝙸S ᑕ𝙾ᗰᗰ𝙴ᑎ𝚃 👈❤️🔥𝙸'ᗰ ᖴᗩᔕ𝚃
2 teraflops it's like  GTX 1050 Ti
- 7-inch touch screen - 2 TFLOPS performance - 16GB RAM - dockable + max output at 4K@120FPS - "backwards compatibility" (= full steam library) - customizable (themes, OS, etc.) - browser - gyro controls - expandable storage (microSD slot) - bluetooth (headphones) *- $399*  _this_ is the real Switch Pro all the rumors were reporting + even more. At $399, I'm definitely getting this over the "OLED Switch", despite the oled switch looking sexier, more compact, and having multiplayer (= detachable controllers).
No Monster Hunter World in Switch:  But also MHW:
Her:  “What’s that huge, hard thing in your pants?” Me:  “My Deck.” Her: 🥰
Time to sell my switch
Shut up and take my money
I'm cautiously optimistic about this
the 64gb model is fail. Delete it and place the 256 version at that price.
In South Africa its gonna cost $3000
So, if I'm to see it more as a PC than a gaming console, does that mean that games can crash unexpectedly or that compatibility issues may arise literally overnight? Because that can happen on PC yet never happens on console :p
and THIS is one of the reasons why VALVe is the best game company ever *please forget the steam machine*
TAKE MY MONEY NOWWW!!
Just wait for Atari to release the Lynx 2 with PC mode.
So THIS is what they were hiding.
Million dollar question; will it include drift?
Mobile Fallout??
wow nice 1 valve
Me: Plays Castlevania Collection on my Switch. Also Me:  Buys Steam Deck just to play Castlevania Collection.
Fall Guys portable
PS5+Steam Deck... best combo in gaming
Nintendo: doesn't realise switch pro Valve: fine I'll do it myself
Can't wait to play TF2 on this thing
Looks heavy
The fact that portable users will now have access to steam sales is killer for competition!
Steam released Handheld PC Gaming console : Gamers : "Interesting..." Crypto Miners : "Interesting..."
Forget about the Switch Pro, Steam Deck is the real deal.
What about games that need online verification? like single player online games
😂
Nintendo tanto te cuesta ahcer algo comoe sto?x D
Definitely buying this
I've never been so hyped for a console in my life, and it's made by Valve. ❤️
This is like the switch pro that everybody's waiting.
No, it's a Nintendo Wii U
Nintendo Switch reaching adulthood = Steam Deck
So portable Genshin Impact that not mobile.
its a PC but not that PC you know.  PC = Portable Computer.
Looks nice, but the button controls need some improvement imo
Imagine all the emulation possibilities!
Game Boy has come a long way
Just like steam VR this too is not for India, Valve do you think india is full of broke people ???
4:40 too bad cloud saves arnt functional in the first place
Ah yes the Nintendo switch pro  Oh wait a min-..
Steam has been dying to get into hardware
Value does what nintendont
So is a PS4 1.5 portable PC  Nice 😎
Laptops: My time has come.....
just give me a pip-boy already
Can we upgrade the ram?
Nintendo” look at what they have to make to achieve even a fraction of our power
Def getting rid of my switch after this comes out
This going to be a must have item for sure
Hopefully Nintendo will be forced to stop there tyrannical ways.
What is that chopping trees game?
I'm gonna put my tin foil hat on but anyone else notice that they both have small red spots on their clothes? Chinese communist sympathy? 😨
I'm sold as long as the joysticks don't drift
GTA games and Arkham games will be a dream on this
Hmm, the hardware in that is absolutely insane as of now, but honestly this won't impact the nintendo switches popularity primarily because of the exclusives.
It’s gonna be so cursed to play gmod on the go
But can it run Minecraft tho ??
its too big.
Honestly I’m all for this. Because unlike Nintendo, they care about the community and user experience.
Dude looks like Elon Musk
If it runs Yuzu, then the Switch would be obsolete.
Oh hey, whatever the next Nintendo hand held is, it's gonna be cheaper. Sweet.
OLED just got ofelled
Uh oh Nintendo
Im definitely gonna invest in this instead of getting the new switch
I'm so down ! This is my childhood dream come true ! My only question what is the functionality like offline
The control layout looks a bit iffy to me. And, since this is focused towards gaming, they need to get 1 and 2 TB versions available. (Hopefully you can at least upgrade the NVMe drive.) Also, I'm certainly interested in it's potential as a general purpose tablet. That alone gives it a lot of value that the Switch doesn't have.
PC fanbois incoming in 3,2,1.....
IMAGINE IF YOU USED A NITNENDO SWITCH EMULATOR ON IT
Can it play dota though lol
cant claw grip
this is very inspirational for my wallet" thank you valve😢
Another emulation beast, but can it run Crysis 🤘🏾😁🤘🏾🤞🏾
This just proves that Nintendo has been scamming everyone for years!  Years, people!
Storage will be a huge issue for this. You're pretty much forced to buy the 700 dollar one if you want more than 1 or 2 games. I'll pass on this.
Wow that thing is NOT portable , it is so massive and chunky lol
Why do companies still put bezels in screens 😞
remove the black bezel around the screen and it's perfect
Apart from the look of it, the price is so unbeatable .
Can you install Windows os on it?
PS Vita rolling in the grave of disappointment ...
Sweet but can it run GOG?
I’m just thinking about playing   m u c k   on it
This is Sega Game Gear and Gameboy all over again. But this time Nintendo doesn’t have a home console.
เอาไว้เล่นโดต้า2 55555
This looks very promising. But why does the dev looks like they're being held hostage there lmao
If we can play Pcsx2 on it, I'm sold
Switch Oled 🙏 ZELDA BREATH OF THE WILD 2  I am happy playing MONSTER HUNTER STORIES 2
Imagine Warzone on that 😂😂😂😂
So now we can play Dota, CS, and TF2 from the comfort of our own toilet.
The only important thing is that we can play Minecraft on it lol
So you mean to tell me any and every company can literally make a handheld portable gaming console, but Sony can't???🤔
Battery life?
Half Life 3 comes preinstalled
A must buy for me
512gb is like nothing now a days with games. Anyone who gets the 64gb goodluck
they shouldve called it the Steam Dog, after Dog from HL2
They should have called it thr Valve Freeman
Aya Neo vs this one. Guys, which do you think is better?
Game Gear Visual in 2021
*IF* this console delivers with all that’s been said, this will be the strongest contender to win this gen console war.
The GPU power is nearly 1050ti and the CPU power maybe around i5 8th gen and above. Quite enough for some game. They test portal 2, a game not require much so it work smoothly.
This is truly the "all rounder" console via emulation - Android(native soon) - PS(P/1-4) - Switch - Wii - Triple boot mac, windows, linux
This is more a competitor to the switch lite than the actual switch tbh.
boleh main dota 2 ke benda ni?
This shits dope
Your voice makes me angry for some reason
sd cards are TB now
Nice
Cs on the Go
What about origin, ubisoft connect and epic launcher?, Are they in there as well?
Df is gonna cream over this ...
What's a Switch OLED?
guilty gear btw
This is start of death of windows
Do you have to always be online?
Switch OLED: "So what's new?" Steam deck: "Everything."
Geeezus the Nintendo fanbois the some of the comments are just ridiculous. Grow tf up
thats actually pretty damn cool, and actual handheld worth getting where every game isnt mario
No OLED  No buy
So does it take a standard Nvme so that we can install our own?
Now we know what happened to all the chips Nintendo couldn’t get to make the new switch that they wanted to make
They should change the Dpad to have diagonal sides too. I'll never understand why in the modern-day gamepads people still create this limiting 4-way style d-pad which makes transitioning between angles less fluid and more taxing on your flesh. How does anyone not take into account the streetfighter fireball motion!!
Hope they cut deep into Nintendo's profits. Nintendo has become a garbage company with a garbage community that is chock full of _toxic positivity_ and yesmen review sites that erode the fabric of their flagship games by deflecting/ignoring all valid criticism or just rolling over and accepting Nintendo's glaring flaws, such as poor internet gaming (despite the $20/yr price tag), bad game design, weak releases at launch (and a long period thereafter), lack of sales (especially compared to Steam), and unmerited overcharging on ages-old games that will still often cost you $40 minimum.   They quietly pretend to be the fairy princess of the gaming industry due to their legacy. Disney does the exact same thing with film, just way more brazenly.
Now you can properly emulate all your stuff, leaving the switch in the drawer
Gotta have it
HYPE
What is the price?
This thing can play high-spec PC games. It can also play other console games with emulators...IMAGINE THE POSSIBILITIES! Checkmate console gamers.
But will it play Crysis?
so finally. Dota2 will have a console version?
Nintendo switch who?
can you alt tab into photoshop?
Can't wait to see the FPS comparison between the switch and this running dolphin.
Will it have mods?
That thing is amazing.
will it be available to small countries in ASEAN ?
This pair with a portable monitor! PC gaming on the go!  It looks enticing for us who don't have a gaming rig and can do without the ultra high settings.
Can't wait too see my Friends post on social media once they've bought  this device lol
handheld GAMING pc, yeah, no thanks, BRO.
720p in 2021. No thanks.
Imma take this over the switch anyday.
but can it run doom?
hurry up and buy
Nice
Does it have a 4k screen? "No, it has a 720p screen"  -said no one ever in years
knowing that AMD made the gpu and cpu specifically targeting Linux makes it moreeeee impressive, this is the evolution of Linux gaming my friends it's finally here.
Damn, wish u could upgrade the internal storage. It was almost perfect
There's your long awaited switch pro.
Highly interested in this one especially since it will allow me to play the Trails in the sky Trilogy again in portable mode and Final Fantasy XIII trilogy
Finally, switch pro
Curious to know if ALL games can be played off the SD card, or if there’s a performance limit for higher end games that need to be stored on the main drive
wait it uses PlayStation triggers and Xbox buttons? what lmao
VALVe literally just end the PC vs Console war
This might be a much better fit for me than switch
Get back to making games valve!!!!  How many of these things have to fail before you start hl3, left4dead3l portal 3... you get the point. Bye
you can load dolphin onto this thing, Valve added gamecube games to their switch before Nintendo BTFO'd
So.. it’s not gonna drift right..?
Gaming PC with no RGB lighting? Hard pass for me.  Just kidding.. I'm reserving mine tomorrow loool
A fantastic device! Don't be the steam controller, and you'll be the best mobile console. Please.
Well Switch owners can play any Xbox360 game before 2010, Checkmate Deck owners😏
im going to play so much factorio at work
Or you know… Work on TF2, Counter Strike, ANYTHING but that.
its huge.
What's the point
But can you play Gmod on it 🤔
Bro this thing would be crazy useful with my current library.
Hehe... deck.
Soo basically switch but with pc games
But can it run Windows 11??
So, is this the switch pro people were talking about?
Valve will suffer the same failure as the Sega GameGear trying to compete in the same market as Nintendo.
This is literally what people wanted from the switch Pro but with all of windows and far more power
LORD GABEN PROVIDES!
That's what the switch oled should ve been
The people who claim this won't have a big enough fanbase as the switch clearly underestimate the PC market just like alot of the gaming market did in the early days before realising the untapped potential
Hope has 5G Connectivity..
Will gamepass work easily on it?
Wish it had OLED on it.
The future of gaming.
*Can it run stormworks*
This is hype.
Valve: “we heard that the switch OLED model was disappointing, so we made our own version, we got you fam”
A lot of you ddnt realize, but this is big. this is what makes the SWITCH great.. BUT ITS PC
Linux Gaming💪💪💪
But can you use gamepass on it is the question here
Nintendo: see's this Also Nintendo: *sweats*
Still feel this cannot replace a real gaming PC? Or can it ?
Finally, Valve made hardware that make me excited to buy
Its the steam box all over again.
Take my money!!!!!!
Steam Deck one punched Nintendo Switch to the stone age.
Only 2 concerns 1) Battery life 2) number of games supported on linux (the reason why steamOS originally failed) 3) with how large games are now, those SSD sizes are completely insufficient.
100% grabbing this!
Consputer fans enteed :
Finally. PC 2
Pricey but goddamn this looks awesome.
64 GB isnt enough for some games
Shut up and take my money!!
Will it run exe?
Arch Linux time
Another one of those "sWiTcH kILLeR" handheld pc huh...
"Nintendo won't upgrade the gameboy, the Sega Game Gear is going to murder the gameboy."  Remember your history.
Fuckin halo infinite on the go
Great!!! Now scalpers can get all the preorders and sell them for $1,200 starting January of next year!!
Can we play Dota2 from this device?
Can the memory be upgraded?
Instantly hackable this will be the future get ready my friends
The final nail on the Smach Z's coffin.
Might have no choice but to day one lol
64G version is useless.
This really looks interesting.
Where is Half Life 3?
AMD's custom chip division really gets around don't they?
If this is a success nintendo fans will have no excuse to defend their underpowered console
Yay la switch de Valve
OMG it's a portable pc  Laptop: am I a joke to you
Can you use Game Pass on this?
YO! 399$? imma get this.
Going to hack this deck hard.
that's a nice looking keyboard . what model is it
Can steam OS run game pass?
Real talk tho how many switches will this cost me XD Really really cool concept, hopefully they keep this going as long as they've been going with the VR stuff.
This looks cool and all, But It’s a bit too big to be taken on the go. Imagine trying to fit this into Your pocket or backpack
As a new dad the real Magic of the switch is the instant on feature.   You can turn it off any moment and come back as you can/want and pick up where you left in an instant.  This is priceless
Looks like Valve finally did it. The perfect mobile gaming experience.
What if it comes loaded with half-life 3
Switch:  What makes you so much better than me?  Steam deck: Well for one my charging port is on top.
Hollow Knight
Would it play ps2 emulator?
big oof... that's pricey. But it seems worth it.
BYE WINDOWS it is linux for me from here on out
Pc is obviously better then consoles
Wow. Steam library witch switch size, nintendo killer.
Track pad cursor placement keybinds? Runescape about to lose their minds tracking "auto click bots" :D
I'm sure the scalpers will make this impossible to get just like the PS5 and XBox Series X.
Screen looks small , like 6 inch
Can it Run Crysis Tho ?
Dude imagine how cool is it to play L4D2 or PAYDAY2 in a subway train or in the middle of the class
Finally a handheld that plays more than just 2D, 8-bit platformers.😅 I still think they missed a big opportunity on the Switch given the fact that it could play games like Witcher and Skyrim.
can it run crysis tho?
Imagine this with emulators. Especially Yuzu
Nintendo Switch killer😭
The nintoddler cope in these comments is real
What game was at 4:31?
Looks like a bigger PSP
Valve: "Tell me, switch...does a handheld like yourself ever experience fear?!"  Nintendo: 0_0
I'm calling it now, the future of the series S is a portable handheld like this and sony will make one too around the same TDP as this thing. There will be a 4-way head-to-head VS valve, sony, MS and nintendo in 2024.
How big is the screen ?
So the best option is the 64 GB version with a Samsung fast microSD of 512MB or 1TB
TAKE MY MONEY!!!
🤣🤣🤣🤣
should've played guilty gear strive as a demonstration on the steam deck
FINALLY!!!
If you can side load your own PC games on this it's game over. Nothing can touch this. Except it won't run Cyberpunk.
*me who just bought ninetendo switch 2days ago*
That thing runs games better than my pc... Ouch
Touchscreen? Install emulator? No explanation in here.
Nintendo should stop treating the Switch as if it's competing with the PS5 and Xbox Series X. The Steam Deck is its true competition.
Bye Switch, bye AAA game very low setting with 15 fps ;)
Okay, this review got my attention talking about GGST when mentioning the dpad.
This seems more like an alternative to a gaming pc than an alternative to the switch
4:29 What is this game? Thanks
Looks like an upgraded Game Gear! If you know you know (showing my age😆)
perfect for playing The Binding of Isaac in the bathroom
This could be a great emulators machine!
Ngeri
Steam OS is also Linux Based. So It'll probably run a million times faster then Windows. lol. And less viruses.
xbox series s or steam deck?
gonna wait for someone else's review. preferably one that doesn't just say "runs smoothly" everytime performance is brought up. thanks
Ummmmmm... Can someone call the hospital first to make sure I'm not having a out of body experience, Valve is making a switch-like what, that's a what now, that's cheap and runs better than the switch? 🤯
Everything valve does is always so insanely ahead of its time
Can't wait to play The Legend of Wheatley: Breath of GLaDOS
Don't forget you can totally install emulators, like CEMU or yuzu and play switch or other handheld exclusive games on it too, at higher framerates. This is a serious gamechanger. Take notes Nintendo, you've let yourself get lazy with R&D.
This is what Nintendo should have done
It's a tablet pc with built in controller.
As always, Linux + AMD = The answer.
As long as it doesn’t drift
So basically, It's an OQO with built in controller.
ill definitely give it a try..looks amazing
Ssssh. Yall are waking up alienware at this point. Project UFO next??
Thank you for putting analog sticks and trackpads on BOTH sides. Lefties really got the shaft with the Steam Controller.
Gears, Halo, forza Horizon and age of Empires on the go! . Its high time for something like this to absolutely explode.
what a shot to nintendo
But can it play tf2?
Imagine if this has drift on it lol
im so hyped for this.
Okay, now test yuzu in it to see if we can have a better switch pro
Ok but how does it function on the go without internet?
"While the internal storage cannot be upgraded, it does have a MicroSD slot."   YIKES!!! That is either one hell of a miss, or a scummy intentional move to push you towards buying the more expensive models. $399 is a very nice price point, assuming this thing does everything they are claiming, but no upgradability for storage? If you are already trusting your users with the ability to completely wipe the OS and install their own, why wouldn't you trust them to properly upgrade their SSD? I'll be waiting for the YouTube videos on how to swap to a larger SSD, and keeping my fingers crossed that they didn't build this thing so that accessing it is intentionally difficult.  Seriously though Valve. "You were on the verge of greatness. You were this close. 👌"
But does it run doom?  Does it run minecraft?
switch pro
can we buy it with steam wallet ? :D
yeah but does it run Crisis
- Nintendo players:  Please Nintendo, make a Switch Pro ! - Nintendo: NOPE! - Valve: Alright then, I'll do it myself.
only 64gb for a gaming console sounds really bad, some games can't even fit on it, they really could have used a ssd with least 128gb drive for the base version
PS cry watch this 🤣
As a Nintendo fan : Steam really did cut the grass under their feet. The OLED is going to fail hard with "real" gamers if that makes sense.
FUTUUUREEEE
Did he said about Nvidia and explained about Amd hardware?
So, half life 3 will be exclusive on that device? Gabe??
Take all of my money now!
Nintendo : crying.. Valve : dancing..
having 256gb at 500 bucks means ww haven't perfected hand held gaming even the slightest bit, so I'mma wait till hand held gaming becomes common and the tech in it is decent and the device costs less
Finally! Portable Team Fortress 2!
I’m a big fan of Nintendo. If Valve can compete Nintendo in handheld console market, I’m happy to wait for Nintendo to come out with a better overall product.
The future of gaming ladies and gents. Let us celebrate the countdown until our gaming evolution
Can it run Cyberpunk 2077?
6:00 game name?
why would a PC gamer get a steam deck? it's a huge brick to carry around with no mouse. no exclusive games.
Whaaaaaaat!!!! I’m excited! Holy Crap!
can it play dota ? Hahaha
Gabe Gear
Wait until they release one without bezels
I’ve been waiting for something like this for AGES now time to wait for it to get cheaper🤣
So is a damn ps4 portable nice
It's time for Steam to release Exclusives.
I'm getting one
Scalpers are gonna be all over this
Shut up and take my money 💰
so you can basically install yuzu and play switch games? XD
Can someone tell me what the game is at 5:57??
My only complaint does have to be the non widescreen display.  and it's not even a big deal, this already feels like it's going to amazing!
Alguien q hable español?
So let’s run CEMU on this and we have a Switch pro ladies and gentlemen!
Well the time has come for Nintendo
A better Switch? WINNING
ITS GOT BACKPEDALS!!!!!! Best feature on Elite
hope this won't have any serious performance issue
Sony and Microsoft are busying taking notes
What’s the point of 3 diff price point when sd card is compatible and it seems so heavy dude has to use his knee to help carry the device while playing
Looks a little too bulky for me, but the docking features, and those target prices really caught my attention.  Been wanting a new laptop, and may wait to get this instead.
hope tbey plan with either this or next models to make it work woth valve index and other headsets, that would be so sick, and im glad to see that its affordable and open to storage upgrades, thats dope, but the real question is...  aux jack?
If only this thing played Nintendo switch games. Someone needs to make a console that will play all the games. Nintendo, Xbox, PS, and steam. Now that would be a console worth buying.
Hope running crysis
Won’t this have difficultly running some games?
It’s so cheap! Im definitely getting one.
Nintendo will compete with this thing. Guaranteed. Just wait
Is it available in Asia or Australia region?
Bye bye switch
This looks great. Only thing that's worrisome is the storage compression and battery life.
PCP
Now the question becomes: does it have drift?
Nintendo: “Yeah but... our kickstand is now.. slightly larger!”  Instantly sells out.
Who knew Valve would be the savior in all of this
Nintendo: *does not make switch pro or fix controllers  Valve: fine I’ll do it myself
Valve made this ? Half life 3 confirmed
Fallout 4 handeld!! Goodbye life haha
My wallet wouldn't financially recover from this.
What a great previewer who just says ‘the game looks great and smooth framerate’ without saying what the actual frame rate is
PSP : Who are you? PCP : I'm you but stronger
That sd port needs a cover, dirt will get into and you'll also loose your 500gb sd
Nintendo called, they want their design back😉
lmao valve made a handheld console before updating tf2.
Can it run omori?
It will encourage piracy so much! Why hacking your switch, your psp or your 3ds where you can simply buy this thing and emulate whatever you want for free. And ofc run all cracked pc games
Nintendo : Maybe we didn't calculate all the risks while being a monopoly monster who feeds on nostalgia.
This is more powerful than my potato pc
You try to make it look like 2 thing but it ends up being none of them. Just like it always does.
Nintendo punching the air rn.
Handhelds really are en vogue again! Wouldn't be surprised if Sony would jump back into the handheld market at this point. For dedicated steam users doing night watches, commuters, etc. the Steamdeck should be a no-brainer, since they will have 0 extra cost for games.
Please tell me that will have compatibility with Steam RV
Real question is How will Cyberpunk run?
Shut up and let watch gameplay dumb
What game he played on 6:02 ?
But does it have OLED
Knowing Valve... They will probably forget about this product and no further update & communication given in 6 months time and move on to new project.
This is what Nintendo should have done.
WHAT ABOUT CONTROLLER DRIFT THOUGH?
Just imagine if this thing could run Switch emulators.
Steam basically fixed Windows gaming... this is better than an Xbox.
Let's support this! Nintendo has to learn to not stagnate.
*sighs* who is this for honestly.  Small contingent surely
Need.
CAN YOU PLAY GAMES WITHOUT INTERNET CONNECTION???
how hot will this get?
The only thing that is truly important is how well this works offline, if at all. The entire concept of portability for the switch is that it can be played anywhere at anytime, including when not connected to the internet. If games are fully playable without cloud syncing then this is amazing. If not, then the entire concept of a portable player like this is utterly pointless.
Lit 💥
I'm getting one as a pc desktop for kids.
The switch just died.
this product makes perfect sense.
We finally have PC 2.
now THIS is the Switch Pro that we all wanted.
SD card slot??? Are you kidding?? Let's goooo
😲
What if this is actually amazing
Hoping that this thing will have the cool haptic feedback that the Steam Controller had
2:30 c’è una copia di Giochi per il mio Computer!
It doesn’t matter. I’m sure scalpers will annihilate the ability to get this for the first two years of its release.
Whats up with the huge bezels ? :o
handheld gaming insanity. pure insanity.
This thing has unlimited potential to take over the hardware gaming market, it's not a pc, it's not a console, it's both worlds in one that you can take anywhere. Sick!
sony have failed to compete with nintendo in handheld gaming, microsoft wouldn’t even dare to enter the market, so lets see how valve survive
So its a switch that weighs twice as much. No thanks.
PCP
This is looks like it’s going be a nightmare for most psychically disabled gamers(including me).
imma install warzone here,  wait
**fingers crossed, please no drifting
Not too bad but here are my suggestions...  remove the bezels of the screen or make the screen at least 8"  keeping the size of the height. The overall size is too big, Linux for gaming will not go well for most players so hopefully is easy to install W10 or W11. The layout of the right side of the console needs to match an Xbox controller and the  4 buttons are too close to the edge!
Just in time to cancel my Switch OLED preorder
IWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHISIWANTTHIS
The Switch Pro we've been waiting for. Really hope this make Nintendo wake up and do hardware upgrade not just a model revision
Emulation time
But Can it run Crysis?
Competition to the Switch is always nice, the customer gets stronger products in the end
so where is HL3?
F$%^k OLED switch, steam deck is it
Awesome!!
How far technology has come lol
it would have been nice if you can change the ssd yourself. Still an interesting though. Its like a switch but as a PC.
Can it run *crysis*?
Lowspecgamer be like "CAN IT DO 4K DOE"
No doubt the scalpers WILL find a way to get their mits on this
This is everything we wanted
Ps5 and the series consoles will easily be in stock after this comes out...
The Best Switch Pro Ever
The switch pro everyone was waiting for.
"Yo man, you play console or PC?"  "...yes."
The "Steam Machines" Flopped, lets see how these "Steam Decks" pan out hopefully better.
Valve just buttf*cked Nintendo, raw dogged even.
Looks awesome... But do you guys see the huge lag in input? I'm curious as to why?
Yo imagine team fortress 2 on this
Valve are like fireworks they only go off on very select times but when they do it's always a quality show.
Nintendo you dropped the ball
Hopefully it's as successful as the Steam link.
And now, once again, the only thing Nintendo has going for it are its titles
The biggest downside is the storage... games these days can easily be over 64gb. And that means some games you won't even be able to install on the lower end models. Micro sd is a thing but I'm not sure how fast those are compared to ssd or nvme.
Epicness. Game changer. Dream machine. Value for money. Gamers paradise.
Nintendo: lets make a switch without the switch feature so people are forced to buy the much more expensive version  Steam: so, you're broke and you want to to flex on nintendorks? Here gaming pc that you can fit on your pocket that can do nindento's switch
Ah,  the real Switch Pro finally came out.
Me playing Warframe on the go
But can it run cyberpunk? Thats the real question
Seems like the switch might have to step it up if valve is actually able to bring a handheld pc its going to offer so much more
NINTENHO CAN SAWK MAH BAWLZ!!! - Valve
Lmfao 400$ for 64 gb.  Who tf would buy tht when today's aaa games mostly take up more than tht each game
This is a guarantee that Nintendo will make a switch pro soon
You know, when you think about it, having thumb sticks not inline with the dpad sounds so horrible. It's just quicker to move your thumb from dpad to thumb stick when they are inline which is great for gaming.
Ooooo this will have the portable wifi  worth getting
can you run Gamepass on this?
This --is looking like-- total redemption after the Steam Machines debacle. At $399 the price to performance level looks insane. I'd go with the nvme options. But, still...
Switch Pro!! OMG it's the Switch Pro...
What kind of games can you play here?
Does it actually play games on the hardware or does it just stream games from a PC?
They made the index so not surprised. It’ll be pretty decent!
With Nintendo's mediocre botched 'new' switch update, Steam was clever to capitalise on this launch...
Im so Excited
Now this is the switch pro
Absolutely amazing! Emulators on this are gonna be sick! Not to mention all the new games actually being able to run on a portable!
imagine trying to run cod on that
Does anyone know if you need to have wifi to play the games??
This looks legit, but the screen looks pretty small compared to the handheld.
It would be wild if this could emulate switch games and run them smoother 🤣
So *_this_* is why they haven't been updating TF2.
This will go along just perfectly with my ps5
wait how does it natively run all pc games on linux??
Wow. So they put a Xbox One or PS4 in a switch format. So the switch doesn’t actually have to be significantly worse than them.
this some kind of sick joke?  overpriced piece of crap that no one wants.
boutta download yuzu and just have a better switch
they couldnt find a marketing person to do this interview? these guys arent gonna sell **** to the general public
THIS IS THE PC 2
Now you're playing with power.
Cautiously optimistic
yeah that's cool and all but can it run crisis?
Sir that's a game gear.
nintendo was going crazy with that oled cuz the switch doesnt have competition. Valve bout to kill it
How’s latency away from home? Will it run competitive first person shooters smooth ?
Am really excited for the final look of it's hardware :)
2:46..... Saw what you guys did back there... Cheeky bastards 😂😂😂
512gb is $650 I’m sorry, but that’s gonna be a rough sell
Exciting stuff! And with a keyboard this would be a cool mini laptop!
I’m definitely reserving this.
Wii U on rhoids
Looks pretty decent 👌
imagine installing windows 11 on the 64GB model and only having 25-30 GB space left.
Keep in mind, Valve is a small company that has a habit of jumping to newer projects over time. Remember what Valve did to TF2. Would you trust this company to provide long-term support for your devices? Personally, I’d bet that the security would be abysmal after 3 years.
I’m actually hoping this comes out prior to my deployment. Would be an amazing time passer.
International availability?
Does it play BOTW 2 is the only factor that matters honestly.
I’m definitely going to get this instead of the switch oled
Actually might get this if it runs games pretty well
So, its a portable PC..... You mean, like a laptop?
Question why not just get a laptop
Wish it had 5g or LTE
Alright valve I'll buy it but I'm begging for a TF2 update
Take my money
It's either become the greatest portable gaming device ever OR a Crowbcat video.
Take my moneyyyyyyy
That trackpad seems more comfortable for FPS than the sticks.
👌
Nevermind, Switch OLED.
Yawn!!! NOBODY fuckin cares.  We want Half Life!!!!
Should of called this the PC 2
No wonder Tf2 barely gets any updates
What Game is he playing at 4:24 ?
I'll def buy one
Nah, still gonna buy a full Gaming PC. Might buy one of these just for novelty or for playing games on the go.
Take my money.  Witcher 3 on the toilet yo
Why would ANYONE want to ruin their steam deck by installing Windows on it?
Playing dota 2 meepo here....
The real question is what will Valve or steam do to protect consumers from scalpers when this product launches!
The first time IGN has been usefull in a while
OMG ! this is Nintendo Switch Pro 🤣
Switch hara-kiri-ed itself by not going Pro but OLE-Dead
Hopefully theirs changes of steam os will be upstreamed so that everyone can get the benifits of proton . Also this time release it globally !!
Can’t wait to see the 1001 ways of not using this as a gaming platform. Also… install win 11 and play android games?
Is it time to buy Steam stocks?
The internal storage can't be upgraded..... Challenge accepted!
So finally we can play dota 2 on handheld
Could we potentially stream on this? Obs + game 👀
As long as this runs Huniepop 2, I'll buy it...
That looks like an actual torture device to hold.
Nintendo always leading the way so others can follow and improve.
Finally a way to play persona 5 on handheld
This thing looks promising…just the size of the game library alone even for games from other consoles using emulators. Would be a nice addition to a handheld collection
Mark my words, this thing will share the fate of Steam Machines.
can you play ffxiv in that?
Price 7:45. Goodbye, imaginary Switch Pro, I'll be with Steam Deck now.
Wow!!!
This is GREAT! Maybe NOW Nintendo actually leaves the switch as a portable and creates a proper console (hopefully) next-gen, If they name it Giga Nes or something Nes they can have my money
Scalpers: *sweat profusely*
Neat 💙 time for l4d2 on the go
One thing that scares me is the controllers not being detachable. The Switch lite's controlls would still have the trademark nintendo joycon drift, and you would have to send the whole damn thing in.
Valve might win the Handheld console wars...
Getting this day one. Can’t wait to bring this everywhere and play Skyrim with mods… Portably 🤓
3:11
This man plays with the inverted y axis. don't trust him
This is actually amazing,the ability to play so many games in handheld is a dream come true,imagine playing Halo Infinite while chilling on your bed
So can we access xbox gamepass with this?
So it is more powerful then an PS 5...
People who preordered OLED switch must feel silly right now.
I'l wait
Putting that love into it like the PSP back in the day
So the 64gb can hold 1 maybe 2 games?
What is the game of the minute 4:19?
Can’t wait for the LTT review of the Steam deck
Calm down folks..this is no threat to the switch. And this is coming from a person who doesn't, or never had a single interest in a switch, but definitely is looking at this device closely.
The fact that the base model is only $50 more than the OLED Switch is amazing. Nintendo has to really step up their game with the next gen Switch. This is coming from a die hard Nintendo fan.
Ahem...This is what the PS Vita should of been 😔
But will it run team Fortress 2
The fact that you can play Super Mario Galaxy 2 on this but not on switch hurts me
You didn't told us about graphics. You played Death Stranding but you didn't tell us the settings, resolution etc. Sounds phishy to me.
only one thing that valve could win everything  from switch..   "Game Cardtrige"
So we can play call of duty at 30fps in this?
Index2 now plz!
Tell them about tf2 for us pls!
Best item to play VN's
Take my money!
Would be a great reason for Microsoft to bring GamePass to Steam 👀
At $399, there really is no reason to get the Switch OLED over this. For all intens and purposes, this _is_ the Switch Pro sans the detachable controls and multiplayer.
This thing could probably run the Switch emulator, Yuzu, too. Nintendo, your days are numbered.
So it's a gaming laptop with controller?
Hold up, its both Linux & windows??
Half life 3? 🤣🤣🤣
BRO IT HAS RAYTRACING!!!!
PC 2 POG
Bro what
This what the Nintendo Switch Pro should be, but Nintendo is Nintendo like apple.
Price is more than ps5, I’ll pass!!!
Nintendo: - laughs in Pokémon, Zelda, Mario -
Nintendo is probably shitin bricks 🧱 buy now
Oke nice I'll buy this
So basically a portable handheld gaming pc, that actually lives up to its name?  Yeah I’m in, seems like Nintendo is gonna have a run for their money
This drops when? Next year
4:25 what game??
Any word on battery life when portable?
For those prices, I'm gonna need to be able to install all of my emulators too.
What's the point? It is not like steam has any exclusive.
Does it run tf2 tho
Looks like a very solid and nice console, the price is ok, and they were very smart to fill a gap nobody is filling now, besides you can mod it, many possibilities. Very smart move😉
This is just like one those generic Chinese portable PC... It's gonna be forgotten after a few months.
This looks really clean ! I’d consider buying it but would probably wait to see how it works out for more people
Sounds pretty affordable!
IT'S RUNNING ARCH LET'S GOOOOOO
Damn. Hey there, Bo.
Worth noting steam has cheaper game sales than Nintendo. So it's price wise in the long run.
The "console" to END all consoles.
Getting the $600 model for sure. Thats a fuckin steal for whats essentially a modern  gaming laptop. A million times more worth than the Switch. Imagine opening youtube on one tab then gaming on the other????? OR GAMEPASS. OR OTHER GAME LAUNCHERS. This insane.
Can anyone explain to me why the storage costs so much? You can buy a 1tb nvme ssd for a little over $100 so how could the jump from 64gb to 512gb possibly merit a $250 increase???
Looks little big and too heavy!!!
*Alienware UFO flashbacks*
A switch with access to steam and the power of a computer?  Ohhh baby
Anyone knows if you can buy the steam deck with money which is on the steam Account (steam account balance like for example from selling skins on the steam market)?
Will it be available only on steams site or also in stores like Best Buy?
600 bucks and not even a Terabyte 🤣🤣🤣🤣I'll pass
This is the Switch Pro we’ve been waiting for lol 😉
So how does this connect to the index?
Why couldn’t Nintendo do this? Instead of that OLED model switch 😒
Could maplestory be played on this ?
Se custar 200 reais, compro pra jogar cagando.
Wait.. its a pc! and here you go, 64 Gbs of space.., at least tell us how much is usable space. but it doesnt matter, thats way too low given how much space a game takes nowdays.  quite the apple move. thats pretty much a skip the base model, even if you think of getting an SD card, fast ones arent that cheap. so better get the 256 ver. aside from that, it looks great.
WHY ARE THE BORDERS ON THE SCREEN SOOO BIIIIG??!?!??!
Looks promising,use my phone now with the Razer Kishi for steam link,geforce now and Xcloud.
Hey nintendo please launch switch pro already... we dont want to play pc games on handheld
But can it run crysis tho
so they got's the Indie games only model, the Two AAA games model and the Five AAA games model.
Finally
Nintendo: SON OF A—
Seriously doubt on the graphic
64 gb?
The switch pro we wanted
Can games be played offline?
They switched on the valve
Can we get breath of the wild in 4K60? Nintendo: lol no Valve: we gotchu
Whats most killer is that it is more powerfull than the switch and can emulate games with ease. Meanwhile Nintendo is just accepting inferier versions of already existing games and just farting out a 60 dollar port of a 20 year old game.
That was out of nowhere
But can it play DOTA2?
Hopefully this means that Nintendo will try harder to actually come out with a Switch “Pro” now that they have portable gaming competition again.
Hope it doesn't have the joy con drift issues
kinda reminds me of an upgraded Sega Game Gear
Wut about smach z
It's a PC!  Value is the best !!!
I’m more concerned about battery life
Does it have game carts like Switch or is it all download?
1234
skipping on the Switch for this
the switch is now dead to me hahaha fun while it lasted
6:17 This goes to show what the new Nintendo Switch could be if they decided to work with Nvidia into creating a newer, stronger APU. The switch runs at about 0.4 Tera flops (stronger than the ps3), while this new, also handheld device is predicted to be 2 Tera flops (stronger than the PS4 and Xbox One)
The price is what makes it impressive.
Just some ideas! Don't put yourself in the restrictions of Nintendo's budget mindset. If you have 16 gbs of RAM and a better graphics card able to output at 1080p 60fps then games that are too powerful for the Switch can come out for the Steam Machine (unofficial name). Library integration also makes this super exciting! Keep in mind that you're competing with not just the Switch but also gaming laptops that could offer the same experience at a similar price.
Time for Left 4 Dead everywhere
Don’t know if cs works on this
If you wanted to play with mods would you need windows ?
so this is what they've been working on instead of half life 3
this would KILL competition if pulled off succesfully.  Goddamn.
How noisy is it with fans going full speed?  IGN ought to be able to answer that if they were hands-on with it.
That dude obviously doesn’t do interviews often....
Can we play crack games on it 🤣🤣
This is the Elgato Stream De... wait. Valve Steam Deck. Get a better name.
I’m in
$399 sounds nice but 64GB, that's one game man
It’s like the Nintendo Switch but with free online service
shut up and take my money!
Shut up and take my money 💰.
Oof gonna need some wrist support for that beauty.
Ahhhh that's why they haven't been making tf2 updates as much they were making the switch pro before Nintendo could
This seems absolutely perfect, like seriously what's the catch here?
ok im going to admit this is pretty cool
Haven’t owned a handheld since the PSP but this looks promising
What game is that at 4:30?
How much?😳
Dang valve just beought the heat. Watch out nintendo
What game is he playing at 4:28?
A cheaper alternative to the gpd win3, aya neo and onexplayer
Nintendo will probably start to make sales and lower ported games, and lastly better Switch instead of whatever the OLED. Nintendo exclusives is still a reason the get the Lite version or something.
64 GB? That makes no sense.
5:55 what game is he playing?
it wont have zelda  so im still with the switch
Nintendo is at risk of losing it's "best portable console" title in the long run by it's decision not to create Switch Pro. Nintendo's product manager even arrogantly said, "If you don't dig the OLED screen, don't buy it then" which triggered fans who's been asking for Switch Pro. It's unfortunate they become like this. Nintendo needs to wake up their idea and self-reflect.
Can’t wait to play ultrakill on road trips with this
If it's docked to a TV, can a Steam Controller be paired to it so it can be used like a Switch?
Can it run Half-life:Alyx ?
Nintendo: "We cannot release stronger Switch"   Valve: "Observe."
Is it VR ready ?
But does it have Bluetooth?  If so,  I'm sold.
Depends on how much 300$ to 500$ yes anything higher no
Yes please!!
$400 for gmod and rust sounds badass
But can it play cyberpunk?
this is what game gear couldve been
Downloads Cemu on this to finally be able to play Breath of The Wild at 30fps
Didn't know YAGOO also works with Valve
cant wait to play dota 2 in this
Destiny on the go
looks like a sega game gear
Nintendo: yes! we have the most powerful handheld and we will dominate the market with our drifty joycons! valve: why hello there, allow me to introduce myself.
I'm not saying it's a bad system, but it won't compete with the Nintendo Switch for the following reasons:   1) Nintendo has always won the handheld console market with lower specs.  2) The minimum price for this system is $400, whereas the cheapest Switch hardware starts at $200 and maxes at $350 (for now, although the OLED will most likely replace the OG model soon and drop in price).   3) Nintendo exclusives.  4) Nintendo markets to a much larger demographic of consumers than this product.   5) The Switch is already dominating the next gen in sales despite still being 2 gens behind.   In summary: Nintendo doesn't really have much to worry about.
Does it have joycon drift tho?
Nintendo punching the Oled out of  the air rn
720 p nah
"yes...yEEEss...yyyYEEESSSSSS COME TO PAPA!"
Sweet, hopefully valve has something in store for the scalpers lmao
Halo in portable mode.
diablo 4 on this will be lit
Love it! But want a super Nintendo switch pro.
My only concern is HDMI port and how to play mmo games on that .
Well guess guess Genshin Impact doesn't need a Switch version anymore.
If valve release half-life 3 right when this handheld out then that gonna be out of "STONK"
epic troll
"a PC w/ controllers attached 2 it."  & the choir sings.
Dota 2? lol.
Seems like it would be a pain in the arse once something breaks, thumbsticks, triggers etc, got to send in the whole thing to get repaired?
Bout to throw my switch in the garbage
This thing is about to turn the gaming world on it's head
so thats why they havent given any insights about half life 3.
Wow! Smach Z ain’t ded yet lol
looking at valve attempting to make a handheld hybrid makes me thinks about Russian inventions that failed miserably
Glad to finally have a handheld competitor since Nintendo is getting way too comfortable
YES! Switch Pro That, Nintendo. Day one for me.
Scalpers ready! 😴
So it’s a computer on the go but with touchscreen and controller inputs? Yes please! You can just straight up run windows on it? Give it to me! I’m pretty sure you could just connect a mouse and keyboard, monitor, and boom! You can do school at home. This opens up a world of possibilities…. To those who don’t normally have space for a big setup, or can’t convince your family to get you a big computer tower, just ask the. For this!
Imagine playing hoi4 on this.
but can it play Nintendo games?
my biggest concern when playing switch is the frame drops (third party games) which is kinda annoying, this is the true competitor to switch now the only pro for switch is only their exclusive game.
Gaben strikes again
This and the Switch comboed is the new dream.
That price?? ....it's not gonna sell smh nice try tho🤙
So this is the real Switch Pro everyone was waiting for. Nice!
So all you need is a PS5 and a STEAM DECK
it will be $2000 dollars on eBay 😭🙇‍♂️
The fact that it runs SteamOS instead of Windows means Valve is serious about Proton and making games run on Linux based OSes.
Imagine running a switch emulator on this to play BOTW 😂
What day will be out
Finally you can play WoW on console!!!!
dude with the blue shirt eyes darting around like they got a gun pointed at him!!
Just focus on making sure the joystick doesn't drift and it will be better than the Switch.
Steam Controller + Switch + Linux = profit
"it's a pc" "uses nvme ssd" "internal storage can't be upgraded"  huh?
Nintendo :Finally a worthy opponent
smh if sony only got vitas marketing done correctly
It has more games then nintendo ever has
This will be an emulation paradise!
NO MORE JOYCON DRIFT GUYS
This looks very very promising
Imagine if Valve release Half Life 3 with this..
If it can run New World at medium/high graphics @ 60 fps I'm in
If removable NVMe was part of the package this would do really well. Nonupgradable storage isnt the move.
So at 64gb you can barely install many games. Maybe one?
As a developer myself, message to the guy talking at 2:00. Spend some time away from work and work on your self dude.
When will it be on sale and discontinued within months of launch like the Steam Link and the Steam Controller?
Finally...hand held Tekken 7
Steam: hey pc gamers u want to experience owning a console?
What’s cool is you can install any roms or emulators you want on it
“Fine, I’ll do it myself” -As said by some mad titan or something idk
WOOOWWWW, at those low prices for what your getting!
No pc gamer wants to play handheld lmao you use pc for a keyboard and mouse. If you wanted to okay video games handheld you would use a switch
Will it run half life 3?
Steam deck: *pushes nintendo switch oled* "Move aside kid lemme show you a real powerhouse handheld"
I'll probably buy this because it does everything that Nintendo doesn't want to do lol
im still thinking why sony dont made  another portable console. amd already have chipset that can be put on small device with performance like ps4, market is growing again and they can put their "exclusive" games in there.
CAN IT RUN ARMA THO????!!
Gotta love that Captain Price is doing reviews for IGN now.
No cuz will probably drift like the switch
Yes, but can it run Crysis?
lol it's a ghetto switch
Space for 3 games
Time to sell my switch
the real question, can it run cyberpunk ? and if run cyberpunk so is powerful enough for running another game from pc right ?
What the switch pro should’ve been 5 years ago lol.
Finally,the non-3DS Sonic Generations is now portable !
My question that they didn’t answer is this can you play offline and without a internet connection? It’s not really a mobile gaming platform if you can’t play offline.
$399 get oled and wider stand, or $399 get handheld that can run steam game 😂
Weirdest question;  RPG maker games and or visual novels. How do they run?
Upon release if the reviews are great definitely getting one
Portable Engineer Gaming
Finally, Switch Pro
Cant wait to download yuzu on this bad boy
This thing is gonna get scalped into eternity.
TF2 ON THE GO, TF2 ON THE GO.
This looks like the atari jaguar
Did they mention the battery life and capacity? Don't want it running on less than 1 hour battery life lol.
Who needs oled
This is amazing.
Man the two Valve guys look like teenagers that suddenly got hit with puberty
It's design looks a bit outdated
You cant remote play ur pc games to the deck? 🤦🏻‍♂️
Switch is dead…
Nintendo does ! Everyone else eventually follows
4:25  name?
So uhhh bluetooth headphones?!?!
Anyone remembers the psp, wsih Sony realized its potential
This looks crazy
as someone who loves my switch, im sold.
What do you know, the switch pro was actually real afterall
Does this allow installation of Game Pass?
Can this play Dota2 XD
How powerful and efficient steam deck compared to older handheld gaming pc like aya neo or gpd win 3?
This...theoretically could be used as an Android device too...
399$
So they are able to work on this , but not on their actual video-games.
Hpw tf u play dota on it
this is a keeper! You cant compare game prices with Nintendo!
Ok, but does it drift?
Can you use an Xbox or a ps controller 🤔??
Looks like a 90s contraption
But does it run doom?   Oh. Yeah… yeah it does.
Makes the world's first handheld PC. Can't even make one major TF2 update.
Looks pretty cool.
Portable Streamers go crazy
64GB is still way too small especially for Steam games.
Disappointing that the controller portion doesn’t separate like the Switch does but at least it has four paddles.
So a 7 inch 720p display is “more than enough” for this, but everybody is still pissy about the switch launching with a 720p display in 2017?
7 in is too small
Can you use this without even owning a pc?
Is this a portable PC? Cause I’ve always had this idea in my head of “if people can make laptops, why don’t they make a portable PC console”.
Gonna wait for the next model, could definitely do a bigger screen. Those black edges are thick
They shoul just preinstall windows and give up on the steam os garbage. OS for games with no games other than portal and half-life xD
Nintendo start crying when know about steam dock handheld 😅
Let’s just forget oled exist and get this
2:47 *Control* ling the games. Nice
Lol Nintendo should be taking this as a serious warning....
the thing is equivalent to having a gtx 950 and a ryzen 5 3500u in it
Haha you can't install cod warzone in this 64gb 😂
VR?
a portable as strong as PS4 same price as switch OLED and can play XBOX games too. why even buy XBOX or Switch lmao
Install windows? Lol psuedo-xbox mobile anyone?
I’m still gonna stick to switch, but hey you can get it if you want it.
All people in the comments section are outdated, you should know Aya neo, and onexppayer for example. In China pc gaming portable is not something new, they are exist from years ago, the reason why not become so hype was the price itself. $800 dollar for a pc gaming portable, that why they are lose to switch before fighting.
Can it run crysis?
DAY ONE
Nintendo is shitting  a brick right now.
Can this play warzone?
That name is one letter away from a lawsuit by Elgato.
It can probably emulate Switch with ease
Too heavy to hold for long period of time
Here take my money 💰!
Now we can play dota 2 on the GO!!
This is pretty hugeee!! Looks solid :D
this might crash hard  {edit- on second thought it might be poggers due to it being a PC as well}
Valve doing what Nintendon't, it would seem.
gyro sensors and this thing has already made the switch completely redundant
But can it run Windows 11?
Gotta play dota 2 on this
1:44 What would happen if Elon Musk havent gotten all those billions.
If only they had the PR department of Nintendo........this would of been better than a PS5
Why does every ign reviewer sound like they ask their wife's boyfriend if they got games on they phone
Does anyone know if you can dual boot steam os and windows?
Hope this sells well. And doesn't fall into the realm of obscurity.
Nintendo: doesn't make the Switch Pro  Valve: "Fine, I'll do it myself"
Is that the infamous nintendo leak everyones been talking about?
What is the game at 4:29
This is serious contender against NSW.. Nintendo should watch out.
How long before this project gets scrapped like the other Valve projects
Will you be able to use it in dock mode. If so it’s an instant buy for me.
Playing halo and MMOs in your hand.
more competition, come on nintendo, people wants a performance portable console
Can't wait to see this thing emulate switch games at a higher frame rate than playing it on an actual switch
Can't wait to buy Skyrim a 14th time only to mod it to Oblivion on this thing!
Buttons look super cramped. My hands hurt just looking at it
My dream of portable WAW-BO3 Zombie is finally a reality
Nintendo: makes white revamp of the switch with like 4 new features  Valve: So we did a large quantity of tomfoolery...
Valve be flexing
And Nintendo out there resting in their laurels
That's all great, but... Can it run Crysis? Or is it like Dark Souls?
Dang took the switch and said goodbye to the phone processor lmao
Can we play Sims4?
Nobody: Valve: *we do a little trolling*
IGN, d-pads shouldn't be clicky. They were designed for rubber dome switches, not metallic dome switches.
I’ve already decided to buy this. It’s so dumb, this is what the Switch Pro should’ve been and now Valve’s beat ‘em to it. Shame.
ill pass. Screen way to tinny
Notice all the HL mags in the background? Come on surly Half Life 3 confirmed!!!
That handheld is gigantic!
You can't stop mobile gaming...  Pubg mobile - million of players Mobile legends - million of players Cod mobile - million of players Rules of survival - millions of players  Haha don't hate me ..  PC gaming here 👋
This is convenient, games run slow on my laptop so this is a must for me
La distrubucion de los botones de volumen y varias otras cosas de la parte superior es sospechosamente similar a switch
Something tells me this will mad overheat LOL
The nerd is strong in this one
Finally, Friday night funkin on the switch
My only gripe is that the sides aren't removable, and able to be re-attached to a handle for traditional console gameplay. But I'm sure Nintendo has that patented.
The only downside is the storage not upgradable, 512 Gb is nothing, probably gone in 3-4 AAA games.
why
This is pretty cool
The next oven objectively communicate because jelly alternatively impress besides a scientific himalayan. sturdy, daffy lute
Why not make the Valve steam a full screen device
Huniepop time
this things got better specs than my desktop lmao
Everyone canceling there OLED switches 😂
Me with my Razer Phone 2 with Ubuntu and Razer Kishi: 😎
This thing is basically a dream machine, Nintendo might be in trouble, it might not be able to play switch games (well enough), it will be able to play more of nintendo back catalogue than the switch itself can.
Install Cemu and play moded BOTW as Linkle on the go. Can it run at 60fps? Probably... my old 6 years old laptop with 4th gen intel and nvidia 860M can hit 60 fps occasionally at 720p. And my old laptop is far weaker than this thing.  Switch emulator (yuzu) is not there yet however. Only a select few games can run smoothly with minimal issues.
Is it gonna have physical games?
This is the 'Switch' i've always wanted - powerful, large number of 3rd party games and of course, it's our PC games library on the go. Can't wait to pre-order it!
Tales of Symphonia on the go 😳
6:29 "It has like 4 cores..." lol
Shut up and take my money
Death Stranding and Controll was played using wine/proton? It's pretty impressive how smooth it's working!
They need to remove the black border around the screen. Maybe that will be in later releases. But still maybe they can fix it before launch
Wow this is awesome the fact that you can also use Gamepass is awesome. Pricey but awesome
Damn Steam just smoked Nintendo's Switch just like that.
Pierre-Loup… just go bald man, shave it all, trust me.
Can you dual boot windows on it? Theres a lot of games that aren't on linux.
Meh
“Wanna see my Deck?”
Please someone answer me! Can this play any pc game.... ANY
$649 for something that might turn out to be a gimmick like ps vita, I'm not too sure about parting with my money for handheld that might not work properly.  Works out same price as PS5 or Xbox X 🤔
Factorio❤👌
What is up with the button placement on the corners?
$399 almost like the oled switch
Why’d they put the controls at the very top of the device? Looks a bit awkward, and they waste a lot of real estate below.
Had me till they said the Prices
*Gabe comes crashing through a giant Nintendo logo, with Miley Cyrus - Wrecking Ball blaring in the background
Pode copiar… só não faz igual, ta?
Me seeing half life books on the bookshelf “Interesting”
A handhold device that can play tripleA titles......in 800p.
Yes here we go
It’s looks Like a Game Gear
What is the game being played at 4:29 in the clip?
Here is the nintendo switch pro from Valve
Those button positioning looks awkward, hopefully they'll change that on the final product
IGN is presenting it like some alien technology whereas gpd win3 and Aya Neo has been on the market almost for a year now with even better hardware.
Will it support thunderbolt 3 egpu docks?
Ok I’m interested!
It's looks like Sega Game Gear
this guy are gonna be successful at this handheld that their hairline were respectably fix it self
Another switch clone 😄
The Force is strong with this one.
F Nintendo OLED KEKW
Why do switch-like devices all need those thickass black bezels?
Hopefully, this will push Nintendo to innovate their next switch revision.
Man, if only it had a track pad, that would be cool. (I’m a bit biased as a Steam Controller user)
Nintendo needs to get a move in skip the switch pro. Come out with a switch super.
Cleveland SteamBox™
shut up and take my money =)
I’ll take your entire stock!!!
"Is this an early April Fools joke?"
Does it drift to???
Woo! It runs portal this thing must be beastly.
I'll wait for Steam Deck pro launching in 2023, it is already confirmed
Scalpers: this is our chance! 😑
The nintendo switch is now only a console for nintendo games.
Looks competitive
This is what Nintendo should have done. It's embarrassing how behind Nintendo is in the hardware field.
Half life 3
We were waiting for switch pro and steam was like you know what we’re gonna do our own one
60hz :(
Nintendo is crying right now that they were not tempted to release Switch Pro XD  ps: this thing will run a Switch emulator 😂😂😂 WASTED!!!
Well looks like I'll be working all the time to get this.
4:24 what game is that
I'm assuming this won't be too compatable with old school PC titles that already have issues running on windows 10
Yeah I'm for sure getting this.
4:36 well besides the rest of the PC eco system will require more fiddling linux wise
Cool concept... But seriously, WTFis that button placement?!
Can it run Microsoft flight simulator
Will it drift?
In a world where Nintendo gives a crap about specs, this would be the new Switch. Can you imagine what devs could pull off with this kind of hardware if it had the player base of the Switch?
When is steam deck PRO?
Supertus!
Nintendo - Nah we don’t need a switch pro.  Valve - *Grabs gauntlet Thanos voice “Fine.. ill do it myself.”
These guys lowkey sound agitated at the idea of it being considered a console
Is there gonna be a finite amount or is this something that everyone would be able to buy for years on end
Looks like an excellent emulation station. Wonder if it will be powerful enough to run YuZu,  RPCS3 , Dreamcast emulators etc.
Finally some competition to Nintendo's successful mediocrity.
Ill buy it if it can run dota 2
This has the potential to make Linux Gaming mainstream. And who knows, since steam offers also an app store, maybe even general Linux Software Support benefits from it
I'm disappointed at nintendo for not making switch right 😭
Looks pretty cool for portability but my only early thoughts are that there will still be the same issue of trying to get games to work that don't support a controller. Mapping etc and messing about for hours. Planet Zoo on the go? Nope. Mouse and keyboard will still be the main  point of PC gaming for most types of games that don't support controller. And the popular ones that have been ported to console (eg Planet Coaster) aren't going to support controller on PC. So really, buying a PS5 for the same price could just be better and sticking to your TV.
looks incredible. will get one if its not too expensive
C'mon playstation we know you surely are working on something too 👀
can you play pirated game in it?
Nintendo just got big busted
Steam deck….I mean the name lol
Arma 3 and squads on the go? 👀👀👀👀
Steam Deck looks great so far! The button and stick layout need work.
Let’s think about this… this thing is basically cheaper than the ps5 and Xbox, and has around the same (maybe better) specs. Has all the games you could want. And it’s all inside of something bigger(I think) than the switch… im down.
Mobile modded Skyrim thanks Valve
Hahaha, you can play game in your pc, save and quit and then load up on your steam handheld to continue playing.   Switch, seamless transition hahahaha…Switch all the way.
It can emulate Switch games trough Yuzu with enough power..
Obvious question: given it runs Steam OS and not Windows, how will games written for Windows run exactly? Will they be emulated through the Proton/WINE thingy that Valve was working on? Or does Steam OS straight up re-implement the Windows API?
So can we play CSGO ON THE GO?
Im afraid.. it can drfting for analog...
Team Fortress and Gmod on the go sounds very cursed
Leaving my obligatory “Valve fix TF2”
Take my money... Nintendo switch oled get out!
CPU: AMD Zen 2 4c/8t, 2.4-3.5GHz (up to 448 GFlops FP32) GPU: 8 RDNA 2 CUs, 1.0-1.6GHz (up to 1.6 TFlops FP32) RAM: 16 GB DDR5 Storage: 64GB, 256GB, 512GB versions; expandable with MicroSD cards Display: 7" diagonal, 1280x800 (16:10), 60Hz LCD touchscreen Audio: Stereo speakers that "pack a punch," says Valve, 3.5mm stereo jack, dual mics, multichannel USB-C/Bluetooth output Controls: Two analog sticks with capacitive touch, D-pad, face buttons, analog triggers, bumpers, assignable grip buttons, "view" and "menu" buttons, gyro Trackpads: There's two of them, and Valve says that they have "55% better latency compared to Steam Controller." Wireless connectivity: Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Wired connectivity: USB-C with DisplayPort 1.4 Alt-mode support; up to 8K @60Hz or 4K @120Hz, USB 3.2 Gen 2 Battery: 40Whr, "2-8 hours of gameplay" Size: 11.7" x 4.6" x 1.8" (298mm x 117mm x 49mm) Weight: Approximately 1.47 lbs (669 grams)
Me to my wallet: why r u running?
Just take my f....ing money !!!!!
Gamepass or bust
DOTA 2
Hi killmeseccond
Atari Lynx looking headass
I'll buy it
This thing is ray tracing capable, meanwhile the switch is struggling to reach 30 fps LUL
This is really freaking cool
Valve just dunked on Nintendo XD
as the only fan of the steam controller i'm in
Will Half-Life 3 be playable here?
Finally the switch has a competitor. This sounds dope af.
Nothing said how long dies the battery  last on these handheld systems.
Can’t wait for this to be impossible to buy because of scalpers for 2 years
This thing can end gaming laptops, mobile phones and nintendos whole career.
This looks so awesome
2 teraflops lol
Switch is going under the bed when this comes out.
What would be better the Samsung tab 8+ or  The Steam Deck?
Of course they don’t want any comparison to the switch because the switch will stomp it like a bug.
If they make a dock with additional graphic processing to make it even more powerful it would be awesome
If SteamVR will work with this thing it will be interesting to thinker around with it.
Resident Evil Village on the go? Say less!
Sadly. They can’t lock a Mario or a Zelda behind this thing so it’s probably gonna fail. As much as I’d love to see Nintendo fall
But can it run crysis?
So if the switch and psp had a baby… cool.
cant wait to play portal 2 on the toilet
Oh boy, another Vive...🙄😑😕
Certainly peaked my interest, especially at the price point. 🤔   The controls look awful though...
Hoping this takes off so developers remember that pc can be optimized if even somewhat.
Can't wait to to play pc games on the go. This is gonna be a game changer, literally!
Emulating Switch games on this is going to be great.
*Sees track pads* Aaaaaand you lost me
and it runs KDE Plasma 👍
The Nintendo Switch walked so Steam Deck could also wak
Would have been nice to have a standard PCIe NVME slot for storage expansion.
My steam Backlog may finally shrink! Im so excited.
looks just like my always dreamed mobile PC :D
Back buttons should be standard
if this can download Windows software outside of Steam I'm definitely looking forward to it edit: IT CAN
As someone that doesn't have the appropriate space for a proper rig, I'm planning on getting this for sure.
Does it run doom?
price difference is ridiculous between the slight disk space upgrades. disc space is not expensive but every mobile device creator prices it like it is.
Hey Nintendo take notes. This is what the switch OLED should have been….
Ok drop it now!!!!
Ух, парни прям тру задроты! Худые, кривые, скованная жестикуляция, бегающий взгляд и некомфортные позы... я к ним сразу доверием проникся)) продали мне консоль, уже хочу)
This screams, "Well Nintendo did it...."
They can thank Nintendo
Still doesn’t have oled display 😂
No gamepass, no go
720p no thanks
A portable PC, and it's less expensive than a gaming laptop. Consider me intrigued.
Пушка
With today's game size, it won't make any sense to buy the 64gb version
Half life 3? anybody..?
🤞🤞please let it not flop
Not even into handhelds, but I'm intrigued ..very. .maybe it was the portal 2 gameplay
Great pricing too. 👍🏾
Gordon Freeman has apparently been busy.
Was skeptical at first but after watching this video honestly Steam Deck doesn't look half bad, pretty interesting actually.
Does this have gmod?
SHIP IT TO MY P.O. BOX 353
If Switch 2 comes out and has this level of power in handheld mode I’ll be very pleased. That’ll exceed my expectations. Switch 2 is probably a couple of years away still so it’s feasible maybe?
it could have more than one sd slot, like four which would really give it a huge amount of storage. plus you could technically throw each pair into a raid config, and get even faster performance.
Oh Nintendo you bloody fools...
fcking lit
This is sick
Nintendo is for babies
Also known as the “we’re too rich to worry about getting sued for copying Nintendo”
Can u play game pass?
You think vr would work with this?
So what Im wondering, will you be able to play every game that is on steam or they're going to release games just like every other console/platform ?
512 GB storage space?  Really?  You'll fill that up fast.  Should have started at 2 TBs.
Base model is 64GB and it's designed to run modern PC Games? How tf is no one calling this out. Looks way cooler than Nintendo Switch in some aspects but at least it's game arent 40-200gb big...
Steam deck dose what nintendon't
Is it available in Australia?
Finally
So when tf2 heavy update :D??????
60 hz 😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴
is it also a windows pc?
based
cheaper than most popular portable devices gpd win 3 which is intel based and aya neo which is the first impressive amd based chip portable gaming handheld/ laptop. even the OneGx1 is more pricier than this. so valve is losing a couple of hundreds. this thing is a steal. i'll most likely buy it lol i'm suprised how unaware most people are in these comments about this market lol
if emulation is possible this would amazing
this is only $400!!
Lol of only switch oled had these specs
this looks promising
Toilet pcmr, now im complete
If Nintendo sues them for this, it will be hilarious and frustrating
Hope they don't abandoned it like they did with the steam link
Remember steam controller????....
The problem with this is battery!
lol, announced in the middle of a global chip shortage
Just buy steam deck and use emulator to play switch game
👀
Not being able to change the comyrokkers is sad though
They would do LITERALLY ANYTHING but update TF2 💀
Nintendo looks boring after this
It's so funny that IGN got devs on camera. It's obvious that they aren't too interested in marketing technobabble
NO WAY!
This is so dope
It does 60 FPS right ?
Lol 64gb
Would it run Xbox game pass?
What is the battery life when you tested this specific hardware?
720p... sigh. Wake me up when the 1080p version comes out. This isn't 2012 anymore.
Looks so cool bro!!
This and YUZU. You get everything.
2:49 You think you're sly huh?
FALLOUT NEW VEGAS ON THE GO!!
Sees heavy in magazine background:  HEAVY UPDATE CONFIRMED
Wááát een supervet apparaat!!!
Time to switch the switch
anyone know this song playing in the background at the end? please put me out of my misery
Quanto scalda il cuore vedere sullo sfondo un albo di GIOCHI PER IL MIO COMPUTER (GMC)? 🤩
If it can play flight simulator and War Craft 3 I’m sold!
The guy on the right looks like he's threatened and genuinely scared
+++ 👌😊🤞
Steam is gonna be a new Console gaming
But can it run Doom?
If this takes off, Nintendo is f'd
Yeh right a 64 GB version would Totally buy that...
But hopefully if valve does do pre-order they do it through their store like the index cause scalpers are gonna wipe the regular markets anyways
*How many FPS does Cyberpunk 2077 give out?*
Never seen so many people wanting the Switch to fail because they believed in fake rumors about the Switch Pro being a thing. Even then to think this will kill the sales for the Switch is just clown logic.
damn this is cool..
☠️"THE SWITCH KILLER"☠️
It was fun while it lasted nintendo
So essentially Nintendo is screwed
2 T-flops in handheld mode is not bad especially when compared to Switch’s 0.4 T-flops.
Shame it's not zen 3 cpu tech for much better cpu performance for cpu hungry games like satisfactory, sim city and cyberpunk.
Yea Nintendo might have a problem but don’t forget PlayStation is still the place to be 🍻
It's literally a Switch for PC. Crazy functionality and goes against Nintendo's philosophy of limiting people.
BROOOO IM DEFINITELY BUYING THIS THIS IS 100 TIMES BETTER THAN ANY SWITCH PRO
im actually glad it isnt $1000 + like the other so called "portable gaming pcs". thats actually why they all seem to fail. this one acually might make it.
so 250$ extra for not even half a tb of extra storage? and not upgradeable? how disappointing
THAT is Switch Pro, goodbye Nintendo Switch, hello Steam Deck
Many people are saying that Valve owned Nintendo with this announcement but there's no physical games. It's digital only.
Hype!
looks great
Wait, is it OLED or LCD or what?
400 for 64bg lmfao so its not 400 its actually 530 or 650 to get any use out of it.
Valve doing god's work again, this looks incredible
Well that is a fine handheld....That Valve is going to all but abandon in a year, and will completely give up on in five.
SD gonna become popular again for something  other than photography? Hopefully
Nice magazines behind Pierre-Loup ! 👀
wow. im impressed. im def getting one!
Switch emulator is still buggy and doesn't run with Nintendo Online, so can't really say it's a Switch competitor.
Amazing
It says it can play games at 720p without problems, which is fine for the small handheld screen, but what about when you play it off an external monitor?   Will the graphics and power settings struggle?
A switch pro no this a switch BEAST
Give me Mario kart and I’m in
This is gonna get scalped like mad.
it looks too big like the switch
Valve gamepad
The price is incredibly  competitive  compared  to the other options  out there  that are sub 1000 dollars right  now
Elon Musk?
My childhood dream was to be able to play half life 2 on the go. Just when you call Valve lazy, they come up with something wild. Absolute Legends
Does anyone think you'd be able to pair this with a vr headset?
Placement of the dpad and buttons are bad, way to close to the sides and too close to the trigger buttons. Alot of handhelds make that mistake...
So all those localisation file upgrades were actually being put to use
Another company giving a giant middle finger to Intel. Love to see it.
So the real question that comes to mind, can it run Crysis?!
A switch, but with games (im sorry nintendo, you never have a big variety of games in your consoles)
Valve does what Nintendon’t
$399 is a fair price for a 64GB on steroids (more games) nintendo switch :o
Battery life and storage space are my highest concerns for this, but also I'm worried about stick drift. Hopefully this won't have too many issues at launch.
64GB wont even fit one game
Wao nintendo must be pissed... they left ATI and AMD a now they are in trouble...
Finally. *PORTABLE PC*
Narrator's voice sounds like he got a phlegm
But it’s only 60fps 720?
399/64gb w/ expandable storage?!  This is a must buy!
Atari Lynx?
I'm definitely getting this!
Will be interesting to see how well this sells in the holidays.  This sounds like a way better deal than the OLED Switch
Mmmmm steamed hams
So, everyone's getting all hyped about this...   They Said it's gonna be Steam OS (Meaning it's going to do Linux meaning most games won't be accessible unless you move it to windows...
Not available in our region 😢
TELL ME THE BATTERY BACKUP AND HEATING LEVELS!
Whoa.. I'm surprised at how affordable this is; FINALLY, SOME COMPETITION.
How come Cyberpunk is not in their game library?
Will it have Minecraft java edition?
Finally! The successor of PC
"Why settle for a console or PC when you can have BOTH?!?!?!"
this has to be a joke....
Nice Nintendo's new competitor.  All that people were waiting for on the Nintendo Pro.
Have they mentioned if this outputs in 4K when docked?
Came for the valve deck, stayed for the zaddy 👀
Really hope this comes out cause finally Nintendo will need to step up
Nintendo: Switch is the best in handheld gaming  Valve: Hold my beer
Cheaper than other portable pc in the market.. this portable pc thingy is now becoming a thing huh
can this run valorant lol
Elden Ring on the go YAS
Wow impressive.
Can't wait to play Invoker in this device
My poor wallet....
If Valve can count to 3 then where's Left 4 Dead 3 and Half-life 3? Anyways this is pretty cool for people who don't know much about PC hardware like me
Steamdeck with artix XFCE riced into a pipboy theme 😳
The cooler switch
Gonna get my sister one of these
Hell yeah PHub on the Steam Deck And also finally Persona 4 Golden is now portable again with modern hardware
You guys need to understand that this is linux, majority of games doesn't run on linux
So it’s a switch but w a bigger library and shittier control lay out
Is this a response to windows 11?
But it's pre-built
Wait for steam deck pro
pierre-loup griffais looks a little bit like elon musk
Hope Valve is aware of stick drift... just imagine that with this, total nightmare.
But can it run Morrowind with 400 mods?
Will be getting one....then playing Nintendo games on it 😁
Instant buy ! a portable handheld PC ? My retro collection can't WAIT FOR IT.
Can it play cod?
Should have started at 128gb... 64gb is like half a game by today's standards
Damn! The 4c/8t CPU and RDNA 2 GPU makes the Switch look absolutely ancient by comparison. Imagine if this thing runs BOTW 2 better than Nintendo's own console? 😁
Bro please don’t let this be a flop
So you’re saying forget the ps5 and a pc and get this?
Who else is ready to register for one? 🎮 🙌
Sold.
Nice
MMM.......Storage....Dirt 2.0 107 GB, Ark survival evolved 144Gb, COD WW2 90Gb, Forza Horizon 4 83Gb, Doom Eternal 68Gb. 1 TB micro sd = £180, this is going to cost us lol.  It's battle of the handhelds now.
This may be the big push for devs to make their stuff compatible for linux/proton since it will run SteamOS by default
Imagine holding that for more than five minutes
Are the graphics for this going to be as bad as the switch?
HERE IS MY MONEY!!!!!
Screen is not big enough
Can you play huniepop on this Council!?
This can be my new phone o.o
Obviously choosing this over OLED lmao, I’m fine with base switch and this epic thing
So this is what that Van Gogh APU is for.
Can it play GOG games?
0:34 lies
Never wanted a console much! It sounds like my literal dream gaming device
wtf  with that storage  size. oh no...
Steam Deck announce Switch: WASTED
So this would be great for Stadia!
Ok, but what about repairing it for joycon drift?
Has gamepass? SIGN ME UP!
So whoever buys that: don’t install windows on that
2TF?! When you consider that the current Switch is close to 1TF, the Switch 2/Pro will match or exceed this thing next year with exclusive games to boot. Still I'm glad to see more competition in the the market
5:47 *muta has entered the chat*
Get dunked on Nintendo
base model: $399 with 64gb of internal space So, no games huh.
Portable New Vegas… yup I’m sold
Let's see what is the ray tracing performance of 8 RDNA 2 CUs, lol.  A theoretical Metro Exodus Enhanced, with FSR at 360p30? Sure, why not, lol.
Will this support gamepass?!?!?
Support every controler & even third party shops. You could actually install XBOX Gamepass PC, or play League (kb/ms) @720p
They totally knew what they were doing with the name
Kill switch ,ayaneo , gpd die ???🤣
Probably the only gaming pc im gonna get
Whats going on this thing actually looks promising
Excited for this
Hopefully this doesn’t end up like the ps5 launch
So its smachz but its not a scam
Did Valve just end Nintendo's sales?!?
Not the sleekest looking handheld but it's far more superior than an OLED display.  Glad there's competition for Nintendo to switch up their game.
Around 1.6 tflops of compute power on the go 🤔 about PS4 level of performance... Wow
This thing is using AMD's Dragon Crest chip.
But why are they sitting on stools instead of the sofa behind them?
Perfect whit Xbox game pass Now that will be wield
Very cool!  A few questions remain? What is the battery life? Does it get better performance on the deck (higher resolution/fremerates)? Does it upscale on the deck? HDMI 2.1?
We get a switch pro anyways.
The Area for your hands being almost as big as the screen really triggers my OCD
that makes the switch the most under powered hardware of 2021, in every category, even in handheld industry, shame Sony chicken out too early.
Damn this thing is huge
Better not have the joystick issue like the Valve Index.
I’m so exited! Definitely gonna preorder it
the gabeboy
Can we play among us here?
They just announced it
don't like the buttonlayout
Half Life 3, Portal 3, Team Fortress 3, Left 4 Dead 3 , Dota 3, Garry's Mods 3, Counter Strike 3 Exclusive for the Steam Deck
Where's Taki when you need him
The ultimate emulation device? 😳
damn, the new sega game gear looks sick
Meh!!
But where's the battery spec? This looks really awesome though.
OLED Switch? $350dls?.... what about that Steam Boy for $400? Oh boy!
Can we play fortnite in it
Finally, PC 2!
Yawn. 720p is laughable in 2021. As soon as you try to dock that to even a 1080p monitor the performance is going to tank. Also, everything below the 512GB model is practically useless since most AAA games are topping 100GB these days.
Be really cool if it came with a dock that could connect to a monitor and keyboard/mouse
I’ll buy anything from PayPal Elon Musk
Nintendo: Introducing the new Switch OLED edition  Valve: Introducing Steam Deck  Nintendo: 'surprised pikachu face'
Any word about noice in active gaming session..
Does this have a Wireless feature?
LET'S GOOoooooo .  ppl will mod it a lot so it will be a great purchase
Haha serves Nintendo right - absolutely failed everyone and ignored features they actually wanted - karma is amazing- way to go Valve, going to preorder this ASAP!
too bad steam os is linux based so u cant play as many games
If epic games try to do the same things can have a huge success
Thing is massive! 😂😂
Nintendo really taking an L right now
Yea I'll get this instead of that....ughh...switch OLED....yuck
This is a real switch pro announcement
Casual question. How did they assure it and run anything. Or this is just portable monitor and controller.
Flop
$399 for a better switch? and it can be used as a desktop? definitely getting it when it drops
Im getting this so bad omg. this is my dream come true. playing high end games on the go. goodbye switch
this could be my entrance to handheld gaming, great job steam
Intel and nvidia: we are being left out again...
Too expensive in my opinion
Wait so Minecraft and Alex would work on this?
Steam and game pass on the go. Can't wait for this.
might look into this instead on OLED Switch.
D:
Just like anything steam related ill wait 10 years and buy this for $2
Finally a system that can distract scalpers from the PS5
What about the gpd win 3 or aya neo.
This thing looks absolutely perfect in ever way save that it isn't being released in my Country... 🥲
What game is it at @4:25?
Gonna tell my kids this was The switch
Yoooo this would destroy the switch
LETS GOOOO
this is a hackers wet dream
Was hoping for 1080p 120hz screen. 😐
this would be amazing if u could install emulators to it. Switch, DS, PSP, PS1, GBA ect
This is cool and all, but are you really going to play PC games outdoors?
so THIS is the supposed “Switch Pro” and the Switch OLED was not it?
Now you can play Halo on a Handheld device ! Dream come true !
They killed GPD at that price.
Can it run Crysis ?
can it run modded skyrim though?
Finally someone did the joysticks correctly!!!!
can it run apex legends at 1080 60 fps? finallt a gaming solution that s not expensive
Damn if dota was playable on this one it would be a "pain and depression on the go" travels
Norman Reedus dabbing at 4:49
the switch is a joke compared to this
switch just got RKOed
Very impressed Valve, def gonna buy
Yay. Another Valve hardware release excluding Australia… THANKS
This thing will be 240p with RT on
DOES THAT MEAN ARCAEA ON STEAM?
this is actualy looking cool.
Definitely going to be buying this!
Valve did what Nintenwon't
Upgrade the D-pad and this is a day one purchase for me.
Imagine trying to rocket jump on this thing let alone snipe.
Imagine if you can get access to Xbox games pass…
Nintendo must be shitting themselves right about now
basically Valve's Switch, but my question is: voice chat?
Looks a lot like my old Sega Game Gear
My Switch is collecting dust now
Where switch wins is the removable joy cons can be replaced if worn out or drifts issues. On the other hand this seems most probably getting a new system just to replace the controls🤔
For all of those who said Nintendo did it first are wrong. Nvida and Razer did it way before Nintendo made the Switch. Nintendo’s fame just overshadows Razor and Nvida.
nintendo wouldn't switch pro so valve did
2 what? On a what? Switch you have a challenger. And if this can emulate any games goodbye switch. If only this can run on a 4k uhd TV. Sighhhh
Is it gonna be able to run Nickelodeon All-Stars Brawl?
this little guy is even faster than my big guy
Can it run crysis?
is it able to run Dota 2 at 1080p - 60 to 90 fps ?
ign playing doom 😬😬😬😳😳
How much it cost
That's clearly a skateboard.
This is the Nintendo Switch Pro.
What happens to resolution once you move to an actual screen?
Switch pro?
Wide boi
No more switch tax
Scalpers gotta start saving up their pocket money now.
If it can run the new battlefield at decent settings I'm buying it
Goodbye switch, до свидания
Here comes Nintendo with a lawsuit
Steam Machine, Steam Controller, now Steam Deck..... Hope they continue supporting it and not quickly throwing it under the bus like the others.
Ha the switch pro we didnt ask for but deserved. Nintendo is slackin
if someone can emulate the switch on the deck then its ogre.
How to play xbox game pass
I'm super excited for this 🔥
Nintendo Switch Pro looking pretty sweet.
would launchers work within steam os or do you have to instal windows for non steam games
they actually have hands-on this time... nice
Nintendo: Switch Pro but actually not Valve: Not a Switch but actually a Pro
Does it work on the go? Does it run TF2?
Just take my money
Steams version of the switch. Honestly though this seems cool
3:10 This is the mentality all console manufacturers should have
So it's not a gaming pc
gonna buy this for gmod, CSS, tf2, hl2:DM and dod.
Throws bank account at screen
For normal gamers it might look cute and appealing but for hardcore gamers it's a no no, even gtx 900 or below series can play current games at 720 at medium high. Still it's nice to see something new from valve lol
Very interesting!!!
The switch killer
Awesome, love my Switch but won't be getting the oled now, gotta get me one of these!
Was really curious how they did this… was thinking something like the AMD APU’s and sure enough lol
Unclear to me, is the hardware final?
Can it run Cyberpunk?
Nintendo execs are like, "Wha Happeeeeen?"
Just found my girlfriends Christmas present
Such marketing jargon, no real specs, much wow. :facepalm:
its genuinely so exciting to see gaming progress so much
We’re just gonna play csgo on it
That's nice! Send me a free sample!
And are you gonna have to be connected to the internet all the time?
looks bulky and outdated in its physical form...
A hand grenade
CONTROL - ing your games. nice.
Take my money now!!!
Oh so this is the switch pro?? :P
Can't wait to play artifact on this device.
Can it drift?
But does it have joycon drift
Damn that one looks so heavy it might break my wrists lol
Is there a Extended Cooler for Stationary Use? Battery Replacecable ? Case Modding ?
The Steam Machine that never stops.
Finally a great way to take my PC favorites on the go. This is really cool, but people are delusional if they think this will hurt Nintendo in any way.
This looks Fantastic!
Me  gusta la idea!! Si puedan estar a la altura de la demanda y con el modelo base solo 40$ mas caro que el modelo Oled de Switch esto podría causarle problemas a Nintendo. 👍🏼👍🏼
Can you use it to remote stream your actual pc since your actual pc may have a better image quality than the steam deck?
Ok I'm hyped
will the dock overlock the system and output 1080p ?
So how is this going to work for on the go when so many games require internet connection for single player? And can it use an eGPU? Looks like AMD FSR is gonna shine on this thing.
Could you connect this thing to a EGPU and have like a 3070 on it?
@ 3:20 wow... @ 3:30 looks at lawyers..lol
Mm
Little bit suspicious, but hey I'm open minded.
They gotta show how well it works for Battlefield/cod Bc if you can play as if it was pc then should be able to Do everything
Really glad there is competition in the handheld market. Just a dream, but here's hoping for a VITA 2 🤞
looks like KDE. Nice.
Well I'll keep my eyes on this.
Yes Steam Deck can game PlayStation, Nintendo, and Xbox Gamepass games. All for $400 that's a steal.
When dies Nintendo Switch Emulator gonna Work on this ?
but can it play dota 2
Guys what is the name of the game at 5.22min ?
SMH a switch knock-off….be different this wouldn’t exist without switch
Meh
As someone who always wanted to portable game but didn't want a switch because Nintendo games are not my cup of tea and their 3rd party games don't go on sale much, this is a blessing
looks great. only problem is that they arent named nintendo.
goodbye 10-times-more-expensive-than-steam switch-10-year- old-ports!
That's nice but 2 major problems: 1. VERY Slow read and write speeds of sd cards. prepare for long loading and hitching while playing mid/high end games.  2. Only 720p screen in 2021? No upscale option to 1080p like DlSS?
is this better than the aya neo??????????? please comment and let me know
Nintendo en sueur
But did they adapted the games sizes ? Because with 64 gb you're not gonna got go very far...
My GPD Win is pretty much dead, so this will make a great replacement
Waiting for the next generation PlayStation Vita
Imagine playing Halo on this
There are in fact 3 different modes, they are referred to as Mode:1, Mode:2 and Mode:Alyx
Just think about all these people wanting to buy this and it only runs about 10 % of the game library
oh yes, excited for 30 minutes of battery life
Lots of Nintendo haters in this comment section lol
why though?
Looks kind of like a handheld game console from the early 2000's.
This will probably get me into PV gaming because of portable familiarity….
we want more !!!!!!! 🤗
Woah, Stop Drop and Retro about to have a field day with this!
Pierre looks like he’s about to send a roadster to space
Hope games get optimized for this, since it's gonna sell plenty of units and they'll all have the same specs aside from storage.
new king of emulation?
You already know this thing is only gonna be to be in stock for 6 months and then it’ll get discontinued with no more support afterwards 😀👍
Im going to put the switch OS on it and finally be able to get playable framerates in hyrule warriors lol
64GB for the base model?  That's maybe one game.  It isn't enough to play Destiny 2. I guess I'm shelling out $650.
Nope
Want
Battery life?
All steam functions? So vr??? Or no vr?
Gabe Boy
minecraft java on the go, finnaly
Ok now I’m starting to feel bad for Nintendo, first Nickelodeon All Stars and now this, what a time to be alive
Better not be drift in those integrated controls lol
I'm still buying a switch because of the games
Yesss!
399 is a very compelling price point.  Hope we can put an Micro SD in it.
Nintendo: announces switch oled Valve: I’m about to end this mans entire career
Half life 3 incoming....
Well goodbye Nintendo switch oled
Being a "PC"  You'll be able to download emulators  and play Switch games better than the Switch can
Looks like an Upgraded Wii U pad
IGN complaining right off the bat. no suprise people didnt give the steam controller a chance. and now they are worth 100+
Wait. Is this thing finally going to solve the fundamental barrier to PC gaming? Getting rid of troubleshooting, hardware setup, and spec issues? If so we may entering a whole new era honestly. As soon as PC gaming becomes as simple as console gaming, the only competition left will be through exclusives.
This is the Nintendo Switch Pro!!!
Is this the switch pro?
The guy on the right seems like he didn’t know at which of the four cameras that were staring at him he needed to look at lmao
Steam does what Nintendont
$300 more for decent space
Did he just said steam deck gpu features ray-tracing ??????
Yeah, this is a win. I’m definitely copping
Pretty cool device but personally it's not gonna pull me away from the Chinese options that have existed for a while, way too big and bulky compared to something like the win 3, still so keen to see this drive the market forward!
The switch walked so valve could run lmao
Gaming skateboard.
Another piece of Valve hardware that will go nowhere like everything else they have made that isn't a game or Steam.
HL3 confirmed
Super!!!  Pathetic Switch, killer!!!
Nintendo definitely dropped the ball this year. Thanks Valve
LCD display in 2021 :D
The storage space is a bummer for the standard model. 64gb is 1 game these days.
But the real questions is, can it run Crysis?
7:28 CRIMINAL
Lmao the OLED switch failed so valve delivered
The Game Gear had a baby
It is promising
I’m excited for this
Seems really cool, but the only way I'd ever buy it, is if it could support VR tech. Not having to buy a brand new computer to play some VR would make it an amazing investment.
Hope this would be successful and more companies jump into making their own handhelds. Handheld market should be free from Nintendo's monopoly.
stream deck > Nintendo switch
Does it run cemu? 🤪
it looks cool but do people really need a portable gaming pc?
CSGO on handheld??
So this is why Persona 4 came out on pc
Whats crazy is that you might be able to get GamePass on this... which is Insane!
Steam Deck + XBOX Gamepass💚
"Finally the 7-inch screen is touch enabled as well, giving you yet another option for control in game" *Clicks on control the game*
the price tag is high for a portable console, but considering its also a pc, decked out with multi expansion features, its looks like its worth the premium.
aighht gonna buy this for playing steam indie gaming (no need AAA for this)
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
but can it play knack 2?
Can it play dota2
Габен БОХ, Свич ЛОХ!
If that didn’t look terrible it would be perfect
Габен поднимет ПК с колен!!!
cheapest version with 64 gig? so space for ONE game? nice...
And with gamepass its also a portable Xbox. xD This thing is just exciting. The ultimate portable gaming device.
a note on the 2TF figure. RDNA 2's TF is more efficient, ie, it gives more fps per TF. so its actually quite a bit more powerful than a xbox one
Please next time make it Wind11...
This looks more towards competing with portable gaming PCs from Chinese manufacturers.
👍🏾👍🏾🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 This Christmas is going to be great for sure
Valve does consoles and they do them better than Nintendo now!?!?!?!? Looks awesome
My forearms hurt just looking at that thing.
With gamepass, we have a Xbox handheld as well. Hell we may even get Netflix if we are lucky 🙏🏿
Wonder if it can pcvr
😭😭😭😭😭  Steam controller
But can it use it for VR
720p always ruins it for me. A 1080p panel would have been so much better. I've yet to see a 7inch anything have 1080p. I'll take pixels over advanced lighting and high textures any day.
The thought of Gamepass on the go just gave me chills
think it can run Star Citizen?
This looks great.. finally a strong portable device
can you play epic games on it also?
@1:42  Just let it go bro lol it’s time.
why would this need a dock. That doesnt make sense
Now all we need is sega to put out a console again and we will have some exciting competition …
Nintendo punching the air
If it wasn’t for Smash Bros I’d definitely sell my switch for sure.
Finally…portable TF2
Look at that button layout these guys don't know how to do console styles it'll be bug city
When docked is it higher resolution? Otherwise it's actually running at a lower res than the switch
That's tough 🔥
Love that factorio is a demo game here!
“has like um 4 cores”   fire that guy lol. kept saying uhhhmmm too
If they don’t charge exorbitantly, this can be a great entry PC for many people!
can you use xbox game pass with it?
did they mention battery life?
Since this thing has no detachable controllers and no dock (included in the price) the right comparison price-wise is the switch lite.  It's still 150 dollars more expensive, so it's definitely not competing for the same market.
Button layout looks horrible. but nice incentive of valve to create this.
How do they do this?? This is insane!
What's the screen, looks like 720p again?
this name is going to cause a lot of confusion... I'm beating many people who will buy a stream deck thinking it's a steam deck and vice versa.
Runs Linux lololol O' my, this will be a HACKING MACHINE 😆 Sony goofed with Linux on ps3 aka fakestation 3, sony put Linux on that and it got HACKED SO BAD sony removed Linux in less than a year.
Now we just need Xbox to try a mobile console and the cycle will be complete
Nintendo switch oled vs steam deck which one is worth the money
This has persona 4 golden
But no matter what, we won’t get 3 console generations…
So basically it does everything the Switch does and more for only $100 more. And you'll save that and more not needing online and being able to find games cheaper.   At this point the only reason to own a Switch at all will be exclusives and while it isn't advisable you can probably emulate those too.
There trying to market it as a portable pc. This reminds me of the steam box thing that u would plug into the pc. Im worried that this will fail
But... Will it have joycon drift?
my 2TB hard drive is full of games, this is too less for me
Dang okay valve
this thing sounds insane, you can basically emulate almost every console in existence + mobile + natively run PC games JUST for $400.
120hz version would be incredible x
Why wasting money on a portable device when you can have PS5 in similar price !!
Looks beautiful..got to get it
So this is the Switch Pro.
It's impressive, but with that high of a pricetag it is fated to fail
Wait till New Zealand man gets hired to make commercials for this deck.
A frost white version of this would sell like hotcakes
This looks awesome , more competition means better products overall from other companies
Switch pro about to be announced next week now lmaoo 😂😂
$400 for 64 gigs? Yikes. I'll pass, sadly
this guys lisp is rank
So do the first two models only have a plastic display?
PlayStation needs to get on the wagon and bring their handle held back with 5G
my number 1 queston is , how does a user deal with stick drift? are the sticks replaceable?
The button layout seems a little uncomfortable but if the price is rigth we could have a winner.
Please review Xbox’s PC Gamepass service on this device. Thanks.
can it run Pirated games......asking for a friend
Switch is just like other consoles now, they still exist because they have their exclusive games.
Imagine this with FSR
PS5 can now go F itself..
Nintendo Switch-R.I.P
Something to think for Epic
You want people to preorder when the hardware isn't final?
sold
Fk yes immediate buy
This looks awesome
But can you play dota2 on it tho??
That thing is effing huge.
can it run tf2 tho
Интересно когда будет старт продаж в РФ,  и будет ли такой же дефицит как и других консолей.
What game is that? The game where the guy is cutting down trees, mines etc... And you steer him from above?!
Nintendo gonna SUEEEEE
wow
seems dope. hope it's dope.
Definitely buying day 1, I have too many games on steam already. SkaterXL on the go? Incredible
Nintendo Switch said 👁👄👁
They need to play cyberpunk on it, if it works flawlessly then I’ll buy it
Yeah just ignore what people been asking for decades and give us something nobody asked for.
bro this is crazy, being able to play pc games on the go is the best
EMULATION!
what's with the button placement
Neat that it has SD storage slot. A 1tb micro SD Isn't all that much (have 1 in my phone)
Switch cancelled.
Can it ply Half-Life 3?
Nintendo Switch OLED: aight imma head out
Modded Skyrim on the go hell yeah
Looks like all my saving for the "Switch Pro" will be going towards the Steam Deck which is the true Switch Pro. Can't wait!
Can’t wait for the Steam Deck 2, and for there never to be a Steam Deck 3
Goodbye GPD. Bye Aya.
$400 for a more powerful Switch-like handheld console that's also a fully functional gaming PC sounds awesome, powerful portable pc you can hook up to display and KB+M? being able to game on it is a bonus :)
4:31 min game???
Ok BUT does the joystick drift tho?
steam di ck ahahaha
Bro why a 64gb model in 2021. You cant even install windows fully onto that.
Nintendo *doesn’t release the switch pro*  Valve *fine I’ll do it myself*
Lmao this will flop just like their other console they made
Cool story, but can it play physical games? Anyways Im definitely getting one!
is "smooth framerate" 30 or 60
Damn this should be the damn Switch OLED smh
IGN: The Steam Deck will draw immediate comparisons with the Nintendo Switch. Me: Hey look, it's the Aya Neo and GPD Win 3 from Valve! Cool!
Pretty cool pretty cool 😎👌
SteamOS that means 90% of all the games wont run on it....
Is this a laptop?
is this a gender neutral controller?
haha valve killed nitendo's troll console
This is a real step in the right direction to unify console and pc gaming
Steam OS is linux based OS that mean Gaming on Linux will be better and better in future.
*nintendo's heavy breathing intensifies*
NINTENDO JUST CAME OUT WITH PRE ORDERS LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OKAY has anyone tried playing vr games on it, using a quest wirelessly?
A decade has gone by and we are still hands tied on mobile tech. They need to stop being scary and invest in the battery and storage technology that's going to get us to longer lasting more powerful mobile platforms. 720p? Iphone and Asus phone are running laps around these offerings. I'll pass.
They sold me at the touch controls
Get this and get PC Stream Games, xCloud games, and PSNow games in a freaking HANDHELD!!!!  Day 1 purchase for me.  Bravo Valve.
So this is why HL3 isn't released yet...hopefully soon though
Nice thick bezels around the screen and that thumbstick placement is cramping my hands just looking at it
But does the analog sticks have drift? That’s what matters.
Looks like an Atari Lynx. 😋
Everything is fine but what the heck is that monitor😂
this feel solid af, I'm impressed
can you play pirated stuff on it?
Does this also support high speed external SSDs? Like a Samsung T5.
Take that EGS.
Finally a proper handheld with PC capabilities at 400$. Skipping out on the new switch oled  for this. ZEN2, RDNA 2, what more do you want for a handheld
More appeal in PC gaming these days
Wonder how much this thing will cost?
Yikes got some catching up to do Nintendork.
Meh just useful for data size lol
I'd love that custom OS for PC too
If steam OS can also run game pass I'm in day one
Low spec gamer and Taki Udon will love this
Show me actually PC destroying games like balders gate and red dead )_)
That’s pretty awesome
Waiting for the Steamdeck Pro
🤯
take my money valve :D
Niceee bye bye switch
the steam deck is more powerful than my computer. Sadge
Can valve just take my money now?
imagine setting up your PC as a NAS and playing games from your hard drive through WiFi
Steam deck PRO
Sweet... this'll cost about twice as much in Canada... but I'm still down with it.
Will this thing run Dolphin/PCSX2 fine? Please tell me it'll run those well lol.
Can't wait to get this and see if retroarch will also work on it. Would love to have a large screen emulator and still play more contemporary games as well.
Playing pc games in a console device. Argument is invalid.
Imagine putting windows 11 on this thing, so you have all windows and android games to choose from!
Pierre coming out STRONG with the matching pants/couch colors.
Oh no the touch pad have come back for blood.
That's a nice beard 👌
Tempting.
Whats is the game at 4:25 pls?
This is a REAL Switch Pro...
Help me understand how does this run Windows games if it’s Linux under the hood? Is it using WINE or something similar?
Oof... Nintendo might be stressing soon from this. Based on all the specs, the only thing going for them still with the Switch is the physicality of their games. 😬
when it's 64GB for the cheapest one but Tekken is like 80GB lmao wtf
This shall be my portable Game Pass handheld. I'm sold!
plsss dont dissapoint
Can you used Bluetooth headphones on them?
Oh! Finally, we have a Factorio machine. Once you install that game, you'll not need another game, for at least, one decade.
Can’t wait to use this baby to send and receive work emails.
Can you play call of duty or call of duty mobile in this?
Finally we got the new switch pr….. oh wait…. Hmmm 🥲
Steam Machine: Round 2
But, can it run Crysis?
le quieren copiar a Nintendo jajaja Nintendo riéndose hay pobres ponen mis juegos en esa consola los demando
Nintendo: I’m in danger
😘
Now you too can experience Persona 4 Golden on the go (again)
Hola, me llaman romeo es una placer
When it will be released in france?
Everything seems amazing but wow those storage sizes are absolutely horrible if supposed to be a PC
That d pad and xyab placement is horrid. Drop the touch pads, and move buttons to a comfortable location
First hands-on the steam deck, hands on the deck, yarrr harrrrr mateys!
Goodbye switch! 🏃
This looks legit for real...
Can't wait to see how it compares against the WIN 3 & the NEO
Did valve just give Bethesda the greenlight for skyrim pre20th anniversary special preorder valve deck edition?
oh look, switch pro, thanks valve :)
the price alone could destroy the competition.
The switch pro looks lit
Valve does what Nintendon't
The ONLY thing that has me worried about this is the storage capacity. Full sized desktop games are notoriously large nowadays
Hear that? That is the sound of Nintendo Switch becoming obsolete.....
Finally... PC 2
Seems better than the Switch Oled.
This looks awesome but the storage is a major issue for me.
Damn was not expecting that pricing. Interested now!
They say that its capable of running windows based games. Is that all of them?
The emulation possibilities will be insane. The Switch is great for it but requires a lot of hardware modification stuff that's way too complicated for me.  This is just a PC, basically. Standard version of, say, PPSSPP will run without the same hoops to jump through.  I'm excited.
Valve does what Nintendon’t
Make the screen bigger and we have a deal... lol
but can it run breath of wild for 6 hours on battery
> AMD This will be in stock in 2023 at least
Hand held MH World?! Hell yeah
PlayStation and Xbox HAVE to make their own switch/deck like console if they want to catch up with pc  And Nintendo is going to need a better upgrade than the OLED
Take that Nintendo!
I’m sooooo excited for this!
boys, we got our switch pro
I'll keep my switch for Zelda, I'll get this for everything else.
First glance looks like a gamegear
This is very cool
We really take steam for granted
"Close to an xbox one or ps4" and people complain when Nintendo is last gen
So valve made another, switch/PSvita looking console
Okay nice but 64gb for the base model? You'll be able to fit about 2 of the games shown in this demo on it - especially with Windows taking up space...
If it only runs games at 720p please tell me it's at least capable of outputting games to monitors and TV's through the USB or dock in 4k 60fps?
If you can do basically anything a PC can, would you also be able to emulate NIntendo and Sony Consoles? This would be literally the better Switch option.
What's the game at 4:29?
This is making me reconsider getting a gaming laptop.
Who needs Nintendo when we have this king?
Finally something to push the Chinese market to actually start improving their devices and who woulda thought it would come from Valve
Stop calling it a PC
Steam does  What NintenDont
Will it have steam airplay?
2 hour battery life aye portable if you have a power socket at arms reach.
As a rts player the trackpad is a dream come true!
Only $50 more than the new Switch? Nintendo who?
tf2 on the go
Wow
Wait did he just say 720p?? Don't tell me that's the highest the resolution goes on that thing
Correction : Base 64GB has eMMC on PCIE gen 2 x1, not SSD
yoooo
How much Ram does it have it has to have at least 8gbs or 16gbs
It's like this generations game gear
What a mic drop.
Going to get this over the new oled switch
SO this is basically the Switch Pro everyone was hyped about lol
10 am tomorrow boys! Be ready!
TAKE MY MONEY AND GIVE ME YOUR PRODUCT   R I G H T  N O W
battery life will be 1 hour lmao
Elden Ring on the go *HEAVY BREATHING*
VR THO?
This with XBOX game pass installed would be elite af.
4:28 name of the game please.
Wtf is this knockoff switch
Sooo anyone want an oled m9del switch...it only "3 fiddy"🤣🤣🤣
its a shame it uses steam OS and not windows :(  Would be nice if they offered a windows version.
It’s probably gonna be like $6000
No garbage drifting joy-cons!!! 🍾🕺🏻🎉🎊🍺🍻🎆🎇
Holy smokes this is so cool! Imagine all the glorious emulators
Now TF2 is offically portable  SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
Time to put switch to bed.
Hmmmm... I'm unsure how my hands would feel with the dpad and buttons practically hanging off the corners of the console and all the buttons on the top edge.
If this thing runs Citra, better than the Switch runs it's games, it's going to be an absolute massacre XD
Goodbye nintendo hello steam deck
Switch who?
dude if it can dock to mac computers then it will be better than the switch imo
Those are some sexy prices. Unlike the device itself 😅😅
Can't wait to buy it
How long do you have to play before it starts to get hot and burn maybe explode?
Portable Dota?! sounds great!!!
another steam machine … will die abandoned in a year or two
Can we play left 4 dead thoe?!?!
720p at 30 fps or 60 fps?
Can you hook it up to your tv and play? (Without keyboard and mouse)
Cool, too bad it will only have a 15 min battery life before you have to charge it again.
Frankly this looks cool.
Hand held blender sound fun
*Valve doing what nintendo didnt at E3*  🤣🤣🤣
Gamers want switch pro. Nintendo: We bring you, the same switch but with a slightly bigger screen. Valve: Fine then, I'll do it myself.
I'm interested, but how long does the battery last?
The upgraded gamegear is so lRge
don't let them fool you into buying a handheld pc. it's already going to be outdated when it comes out if it can only play "current pc games in medium to high settings" at "smooth framerates"
And  said Sony handheld systems were not profitable
Blockchain tech can take this further
Can you connect a external graphics card if it has thunderbolt?
how much of the 64gb is used up by the OS?
Nintendo sales 📉
Scalpers: rubbing hands together and grinning.
This sounds amazing but its really expensive
Micro$oft will not let anyone bully Nintendo they're the best of friends
Make games again, not hardware T_T
Valve does what Nintendon't
Can you play flight simulator?
This is actually pretty neat
6:00 What game is this?
Looks amazing!
What's Nintendo's excuse 😂
Can it run Crysis?
Here waiting LowSpecGamer reserve a SteamDeck to review in his channel :D
oh my... thumbs up
POV ... Nintendo : we have the new OLED switch Steam : Hell yeah
This change everything , hope comes on latam.
Monster Hunter World Portable!!🙀
Knowing valve they will abandon this at 2 months from release
Switch killer
very curious on the specs
yeah if you can hook that up to a tv and show netflix, or 1080p or better youtube movies, im getting one almost just for that. or... well if it can have adblock ofc =P
Can it run Crysis?
More buttons then screen
It's gonna fail. Over engineered, just make it a portable gaming PC (a very cheap gaming laptop)
Nintendo killer
what is the game he is playing at 5:58?
Switch is D E A D af now lol
can  valve not use zen3 and rnda 2
and this is why we have no half life 3
Where could you preorder one?
04:27 what is the name of that game
It’s a half has powerful has a Series S, but fully portable…. Hmmmm
This has soo much potential.
im definitely gonna get this
Very interesting, but it seems that when hooked up to a monitor or TV it's still only 720p?
Open it up please!
So glad this doesn't run on Windows on default.
Nintendo getting bodied everywhere
So valve is launching more than 2 models and less than 4. Interesting 🧐
Didn’t razer do this
I’m sold
here me out we can gta 5 anywhere
Oh the Switch Pro came out after all!
That is cool and all, but can it drift?
720p Mehhhhhhh.
People are gonna look back and go Damn is that what they dealt with
Wow 64GB is useless for a pc like device
Valve does what nintendon’t
Could you theoretically also use project xcloud or nvidia geforce now on it?
This fellow strangers was the day the Switch died
yeah nintendo is shaking rn
"Fine, I'll do it myself"
my switch has been my primary console for quite some time but man...this might overthrow it!
This looks more like it will actually release vs the Alienware 👽 that kinda disappeared?
But can it run Crysis?
The key to win will be the abbility to hack nintendo´s games
Valve didn’t even shy away from flashing us that big DECK
the steam deck have 3 models, steam is made by valve           half life 3 confirmed ????!111!1!1!1111!!!!111😨😨😨😨😨
Ok cool but what in hell is this Button Layout??!!
64gb? Cmon..
One problem, it’s doesn’t have Nintendo games. As long as Nintendo has awesome first party titles. It’s gonna sell. Plus this thing is over priced
Hey! NINTENDO! Are ya sweatin' yet?
they should have used nvidia, DLSS will make this much better
so this is like a wii u?
What about games that require Windows
what are the specs?
I'd be all over this if it came with Half Life ep 3, Portal 3 or Team Fortres 2 updates.
Well Goodbye Switch Oled preorder , Hello Steam Deck ^_^
That button placement is bad tho
Hell yeah, affordable!!! Definitely buying it!!
This handheld ain’t winning no beauty contests
Steam Deck: play all AAA Games also Steam Deck: 64GB Storage  Huh???
This is great.  Handheld Gaming PCs and Handheld PCs are growing offering more options to fit more budgets and demands.
Can we use the Xbox App and use gamepass ?
Plus, valve's first console.
This looks promising I’m actually excited for this to come out!
What is the steam decks level of graphics compatible with, a lot of my games nees 8gb vram, will steam deck be able to play them? 😀🥰
Mhh 64 GB... For... 399.... So have to buy 3 of them for playin RDR2 in Handheld!  Take this Nintendo with Your Oled!
Can it run Cyberpunk?
If you didn't know that this was made by Valve, than you would consider this a knockoff of Switch, except pc
nice
Imagine playing BOTW on this with CEMU.
Sold
Switch oled about to sell worse than the wii u
Now yuzu just needs to become more stable and the Switch is completely irrelevant lol, this thing can do everything
Get AMDs DLSS equal on this and it’s game over
Valve just revolutionized PC gaming...again.
will it play Red Dead Online?   and resolutions options?
Holy crap, this thing sounds so revolutionary in the big picture.
Valve"Ooooooh" Nintendo "EwwwWww"
Friendly reminder that you can install Windows on this thing, so you can download *EVERY* emulator you want.
Everyone wants  to know can it run bf2042
Imagine emulating Switch on this thing lmao
But can it run crisis
Why they call it steam dock if the dock doesn’t come with it
Nintendo :  here’s an OLED screenwith the same underpowered system   Steam:  Hold my beer.
Will it have portal 3?
Linus needs to cut open this
The death of "Can't wait for this to be ported to switch"
Can you connect this to a tv
Take my money now. When are there pre orders
does it play Minecraft java edition tho
Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod, is thit real!!!! Whats performance like???
Will it be 4k if connected to a Monitor?
will it be a myth like a ps5 or a 3090 because of scalpers? thats the real question
They should have called it: Valve Change
Not a word about battery life... hm...
Wich game at minute 4:24
Steam "this feature wasnt available at the time" Deck
im actually really curious if it will be able to run pirated games since its pretty much a PC
Uwu
Wow, the switch pro looks great! It even plays Xbox games!
PS5 400$  10.3tf  VALVE 2 tf 400$
OOOOOOH ME WANT! :D
My Atari lynx model 1 is smaller than that
Hopefully this doesn't end up like the steam machines
Im so happy Ill be able to put persona 4 on a portable console<3
Nintendo you had your chance guys. At least you still have exclusives
budget onexplayer and AYA neo
But can it run Crysis ?
Hi is it a bit Pricey ?
Been begging for something like this since 2016 yasss
Too bad it's not avaliable in Australia well at least for now
Wonder if iracing works off of it
64gb is nothing even 512gb is only passible. Do they not know how big AAA games are these days. it better have usb c with ability use external ssd or this is pointless.
Let’s just hope this does not instantly becomes out of stock
Now let's wait for Nintendo to make the Half Life 4.
Will it run GTA V?
Wich game at minute 4:24?
Okay, this looks promising and stuff...but why for god's sake is it so freakin' ginormous? Is it cosplaying Atari Lynx? Shouldn't a handheld console be - you know - portable?
Could it run GTA 5 or RDR2?
Pierre kinda looks like Elon Musk back in his PayPal days, before he got hair plugs.
take my money
This looks fire ngl
Will the steam deck be compatible with vr
ok - my elite 2 controller broke after 1 year hardcore use - so what s the options when the sticks on the Steam Deck breaks because there are not swapabel ?
finger print reader?
... but is it OLED!?!!1!?
The fact that this is only $50 more than the OLED Switch tells you everything you need to know 🙌🏽💪🏽
Looks like a Game Gear from stone age.
1:49 Elon Musk Lite explaining his newest innovation 😶
This kinda made my cheeks sweat. Ngl
Death Stranding hype
Looks like the Sega Nomad
Let it make phone calls and it will be a perfect phone.
finally ill be able to watch pron on a handheld
Merry Christmas to myself 🎁😅  Sorry OLED Switch, try harder next time 🤷🏽‍♂️
WAUW!!
Ok for Valve's first ever foray into handheld gaming... this looks incredible.
6:09 Great example of how to arrange Lovely Day within the legal grounds of fair use.
So question: would game pass work on this as a cloud or pc version?
Smach Z is real again
Yeeh shut up and take whatever money you need from me.
LowSpecGamer's wet dreams of having a big game company on the handheld pc market have come true. Mine have too, but on the Linux part.
valve will literally do anything but make half life 3
Is it at 1080?? And 60fps plz say yes
So you tell me there is a possibility we can install pc game pass on steam deck? O_o
So is this what Valve has been using our TI money on?
Honestly seems like a really great gate way to introduce more people to pc without making things to complex for new people at the same time . really cool tbh
The real question is can it run doom (1993)
How come you did not mention the APU that's being used on these machines on these machines? You were there for several days there for several days and yet you neglect to in neglect to tell all the specs even the tentative is aspects even the tentative ones?
im confused
The size of the controllers in compared to the screen reminds me of the Atari Lynx, tbh.
Incredible
Hmmm might have to treat myself this Christmas. The 64GB model seems like a complete waste of time though, feels like it only exists to make the entry point as low as possible for marketing.
This is why Heavy or Soldier aren't coming to Smash
This is cool.... the jumps in price for such small NVMe drives is a bit high though.
Shouldn’t have bought a Switch
This gonna sell out in like -.02 sec when it becomes available
This looks great for people who already have steam accounts  Cant wait to buy one
Valve does what Nintendon't
Dude I'm poor
Miners - *buys all the gpu* Valve - Its a pc but made up like consoles Miners - wait thats illegal
nintendo: "heres a oled thing have fun”  Valve: "hey want a pc for your oled thing"
Can it run Crysis ?
Loooool !!!! 😂😂 this device can run the SWITCH emulator at full speed !!!
All those 279 dislikes are all Nintendo fans.
And millions of people simultaneously threw their Nintendo Switches in the garbage bin where it belong. 😂
Im Interested
This is what switch pro should have been.F*ck Nintendo
No one is going to care about this six months out.
Everyone: "switch killer" Actual sales: 📉
Another tech that will fail like steam controller or VR.
Yoohoy yoohoy the pirates life for me!
That's an amazing price for what their give, cough cough Nintendo
Nintendo: we will not forget this
Interesting that they partnered with AMD since the Switch Pro is rumored to be a partnership with NVidia.
Ok
It concerns me that battery life hasnt been mentioned yet. Its great to have all that power, but how long will it run?
Take my money already
what is the b a t t e r y  l i f e ?
PC gaming on the go? Hell yeah count me in
The smartest thing here is the pricing, under cutting the competition with other portable PCs like this which is price normally around $799 or higher
why they choose this name? It's too similar to elgato stReam deck...
The only other thing this needs is a 5g cellular radio. Then it have data, and make phone calls. And can then replace 3 devices.
Why can't I order this in Brazil???? Bummer
Learn something about this Nintendo
This looks really cool but I'd never get it
* Nintendo puts out shitty "updated" console*  Valve: Now is our chance
It would be interesting to see if this could push a vr headset like the quest doubtful but itd be cool
..... eh?...
😂😂😂they’re trolling Nintendo
the fact that it can also be used as a desktop is so sick
What? The internal storage can't be upgraded? Fix that D:
its interesting how Switch is much weaker but has a higher screen resolution (at least Oled version of it)
The division 2 portable would be awesome or counter strike, half life my life is complete lol.
Imagine if they included half life 3 with each console.
Do you need APC at all because my PC broke
please lord let this come out with enough units for everybody.
Valve just destroyed Nintendo?!?
When a handheld pc is better than my pc 😐😐
60fps?
Nobody buys Nintendo for hardware.  This doesn't kill anything, just another option.
SEXY
im really excited about this!! Its a switch with no limits
The balding chap doesn't seem to confident in what he's saying.
So it was valve that made the Nintendo switch pro
Mine
Imagine playing OG BF2, HL2, Brutal Doom, etc portably. Hopefully now Gmod! LMAO Switch Evolved lol!
best DOSBOX platform!  :)
How well does Yuzu performs there? 🤔  Asking for a friend
Can anyone tell me if this machine is more powerful than a PS4?
My switch lite is going to collect dust after watching this.
$400 is super competitive with the switch and this will probably be the best system to emulate games on
That bezel 🤢
and like that all other handheld gamming pc's were slaughtered. If you listen closely you can hear Aya Neo backers punching the air.
64 GB? That's like one or two games nowadays...
Death of the switch IMO. EDIT: Once a switch Emulator is created for this.
2 hours of battery life
You can use this to emulate Nintendo games at a better resolution and frame rate.
Does it have a sd card slot
can it play dota 2?
So they re-invented the PSP
But can it run warzone
OMGGGG!!!!
How can they come to the table straight faced with a normal 720p screen? Get the hell outta here
..
Other than the mediocre 64gb, thats really an amazing product
Okay so would you rather spend 350 dollars on a switch that can barely run Minecraft on 30 fps or the steam deck for 50 dollars more
I’d scoop this for $500
Can’t wait to either have to buy this for 1000 dollars from a scalper or have to just buy the 2nd gen because it just isn’t available
yo this is crazy
720p what a joke,this will fail just like "steam machines"
Are blizzard games compatible ? Overwatch. Call of duty ?
Wow, that’s awesome !!
Why does his right peck looks flexed at the beginning of the video? Is the Steam Deck THAT heavy?
Can it run gamepass????
This could be huge for bringing gaming main stream on Linux
Finally the Nintendo Switch has a real competitor
That’s a big deck!    That’s what she said.
Looks like the Sega Game Gear and a Switch had a baby
Says how well the trackpad works while showing footage of someone struggling to use them.
Well done Valve 💪
BOIS ITS RUNNING LINUX
Just their anti scalping methods make me interested.
This actually looks fuckin' sick, and access to my whole library wherever is a boon that basically nothing else can compare to. Even further, because of the full OS, it can basically replace my laptop in some instances, and in the instances it can't, I can just plug in a mouse and keyboard and use it like a desktop. Interested in seeing what kind of performance it offers, and how well games actually play in practice.
Google Stadia users now have their handheld device 😜
Sounds insane actually, you could use this and dont even have a desktop at all, and the price for that is pretty surprising
The question is will it drift?
That's not portable
can you upgrade the video card?
But how much will it cost. Interesting price range almost about the same amount for a new switch
What ever happened to dell's version of the switch?
This could be the ultimate portable consoles , with the pc access means its an emulator monster
Wow. Scalpers $2000
Me: Mom can we have the Steam Deck ? Mom: No, we have Steam Deck at home  Steam Deck at home: Nintendo Switch  Older Steam Deck at home: PSP
Seriously, what's the downside ??
*"FULL STEAM AHEAD... CHOOO CHOOOOO! VALVE DOES WHAT NINTENDON'T!"* 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Fabulous
Don't forget that most likely YUZU and Ryujinx will run on this platform and run SWITCH games as well 🤣 😂
Sounds like a upgraded switch
Change the joystick location and ill consider buying it. Not about to go shitty playstation controller layout.
QC: Its fugly, and the control placements are awkward. And whats with the weird xbox buttons? No one's gonna buy this at $399.  Gabe: lets roll with it.
yes steam deck
This looks incredibly cool ngl
Did the switch just become obsolete?
Can we play Adobe rush 🙈
well switch no more hello steam handheld
April fools?
Nintendo is shaking
Dang you can’t manually update install a bigger nvme? :(
yea but can it run crysis
switch is officially dead
Funny thing is, you could probably play a switch game through an emulator with this lol
Hopefuly this will make people respect linux a lot more
Ахуеть..
Hopefully control drift has been resolved
How many gigs does the 399 model have
No way this shit's going to be less than 1000 euros
Niceew
YOOO
Easy cop
Crazy@! Looks sick!
Hope this doesn’t lead to Nintendo’s fall
"The deck comes in 3 different models" So Valve *can* count to 3
I'm actually about to get this lmfao this looks fire
lit
This thing can only run games at 720p?! And we thought the switch Oled was bad at 1080p hahahaha
Damn Valve shaking up the handheld market
all for the handheld era to come back!
what about switch emulation on the Valve Steam Deck? xD
What about battery life?
say 720? im out
The comments are the exact same crap you see in every video.
It was worth the wait for the Switch Pro. Getting one for sure.
This is gonna be great, for 2 years until Valve ceases support. Just look at the Steam Controller, Steam Link, and Steam Machines.
How much?
All perfect, but the design could be better. Imagine a PS5 or Xbox controller, now cut it in half and put a screen, it would be perfect and simple
My guy this aint nun but a sega game gear.
This is gonna be an incredible piece of portable hardware. Nintendo just got trolled hard!
Joy, the Game Gear is back out. Why didn't I hear about this sooner!
Its massive
Love it
So can u install anime Visual novel games that arent from steam asking for a friend😳😳
WOWWWWWWWW
That Was Exactly For a New Nintendo Console!!!
Im willing to bet that  in the future will have stem deck 2 and either steam deck Alex  or steam deck more than 2 less than 4
Look rather terrible
Now you can play WoW and diablo 2-4 handheld
Whats the price point tho?  $2000? 😂
Well.. There goes my money
Pc 2?
Looks very promising at a very reasonable price.  I'll be keeping my eye on these!
Nintendo suddenly started feeling abit under the weather
IM SCREAMING OMFG FINALLY!!!
The 64 GB model is eMMC. WTF?
POG
Oooooommmmgggggg
“Mom can we have steam deck?” “We have steam deck at home” Steam deck at home: OLED Nintendo switch
WHY DO PEOPLE COMPARE HANDHELD DEVICES TO THE SWITCH WHEN THE SWITCH IS THE ONLY ONE THAT PLAYS NINTENDO GAMES.
How do you install Doom Eternal on 64 GB?
Sold
the only use my Nintendo switch has, is just botw at this point lmao
This seems very unnecessary with Xcloud around
Bro thas MADe
Are the triggers touch sensitive, for racing games?
Big Deck Energy
Wow, that's really awesome. Like damn. It would be awesome to have one of those.
This might be the time valve kill windows and consoles... I'm so happy for that 🥺
Literally just killed netendo
omg
Smh just bought Switch a months ago...
Welp, the switch is dead
This is the future of gaming
Really impressive
Should have made it thunderbolt 3-4 so egpu's would have made this the best thing for years to come
Sheesh how did they get it so cheap? And it can run control and doom too...
When it will release in the market?
Nintendo: We're not making the Switch pro Valve: Fine I'll do it myself
holy crap
there are ultra fast profetional camera ssd cards, that go on sale regularly, these are blazing fast, hopefully it works well with this system
Hopefully this has that WIDE kickstand like the switch or I'm not buying it..
Is SteamOS still limited to games that use Vulkan api?
ok valve nice tech now.....         update tf2
I'm soooo buying one of these
Wooooooow they REALLY put Nintendo in a corner. Right now the Switch itself only beats this in terms of local multilayer.
Valve looking at the switch  👀🤤🤑👁️👄👁️
Looks like a Game Gear LOL
Dude.............. This is insane
Oof, Nintendo be like. "Those fuckers..."
Does 100mbs wifi come with it too when playing 60% of the games on steam?
Powerful as a PlayStation 4 & Xbox 1:  Play’s like a Nintendo switch: But actually it’s a mobile Pc:
Do you use windows 10 operating system or linux?
The thing is, can you unlock the TDP?
Let the scalpers unite. Hopefully this isnt as rare as everything else these days
Basically a super power rasby pie with a screen and buttons... really cool
getting this, bye bye switch
My OneXPlayer arrives Monday... so I'm getting a kick out of this video.
DAY ONE purchase.  Not even a question.  My switch is gonna be a dust collector now.
This is flipping AMAZING  A portable gaming pc is gonna be so great
It's ok, Nintendo will be launching one like this in 5 years or so.
Im hoping this helps push PC Gaming into the masses!  Gonna get one myself
Нинтендо: Россияне, никаких вам региональных цен. Мы их наоборот повысим. Вольво: подержи моё пиво.  Габен красавчик как всегда.
HANDHELD WARZONE HERE WE COME
The Switch Pro...finally.
For just 50 more than the OLED Switch...And there might be OLED mods in the future, what a PRO move.
Just thinking... EVERY SONIC GAME ON STEAM ON THE MF GO WITH MODS INSTALLED
I'm usually not interested in mobile/portable gaming but this looks pretty interesting. Having it be a linux system is also great since you could install kodi on it as well.  AMD and Valve really need to push FSR for a product like this. Even though FSR and DLLS is usually pointless for low resolution gaming, getting as much framerate out of it would give this system longevity.
This looks so promising.
wow, honestly base model for 400 is great and a huge slap in the face to Nintendo lol
The Dream is real for all steam user ! 😊🤗...but forget about it day one...this is going to be scalped right away !..sold out in not even 1 minute...
YEEEEEEEEEEES!!!
Yall heard bout that Oled Nintenders?
Their level of eye contact is as eretic as me playing a battlefield game.
Can't wait to play gmod on the go 😂😂
PORTABLE TF2
Making PC gaming portable and accessible. 💪 Oh and all those game you have accumulated over the years... you have access for free and the cheap games.
The portable Cleveland steamer
This looks fantastic. The fact that it’s a fully customizable PC will make this the best emulator on the planet from day 1. Got to give it to Valve - this is damn cool.
If you can run cemu and yuzu on it there's no point in buying a switch ☠️
It looks kinda uncomfortable...
Can't wait for the steam deck🤟👍
Saving up already
And bots will buy them all up at launch.
now we just have to get this thing and install ryujinx on it. hopefully it can run that emu and play nintendo games on this handheld.
Hey Nintendo, I'm buying this and NOT the oled Switch model! You should have given us a hardware upgrade.
The real question is, do the joysticks drift?
Oh cool ....
POG
Can you use windows though
Valve letting Nintendo know the meaning of the word PRO
Steamer Deck
The Day Nintendo Switch Died!
What game is shown at 6:00 - 6:05 ?
dead born product... 1.6tflops on gpu while grandpa gtx1070 has 6.5 and that's why it deals with hd display instead of modern one.
Nintendo: Introducing the New OLED Model 🤦‍♂️  Steam Deck Valve: Your time has come😈
It's about time someone knocked Nintendo off their pedestal.
Won’t be surprised if Mh rise pc version is gonna get canceled bc of this
Why two track pads, it forced the d pad way the hell off the edge of the grip?
This is really impressive. Why can't nintendo do this?
My new addiction, FFXIV, while I'm pooping
Looks amazing, scalpers please don't touch
That thing is huge!!
Shut up and take my money!
This will be iconic!
Theres still a whole lot of realestate left to increase that screen size.
It's no new half life game but the fact  this feels like their giving the Nintendo switch the finger makes up for that the switch is nothing more then a crappy phone with with controllers built in
So it doesn't matter what internal hard drive is. We can get this and get an SD card
Finally I'll be abre to play Fallout New Vegas on the street!!
Can't wait for ETA Prime to review this nice piece of hardware.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATYEIKOJGAFED´GJARSÓPIGFAJWSEDOPIGJFSDAÓPAWSEDM0IBRNB0EW9RNJBA09OP
This with Xbox Gamepass would be awesome.
This has to be a troll
Otra copia de nintendo switch
Play games like NieR, Red Dead Redemption, Horizon Zero Dawn, Assassin's Creed Valhalla and other games on the way? Now that's something awesome.
imagine running CEMU to play breath of the wild on this... what a time to be alive
ETA Prime is gonna have a field day with this one.
Will it play Half Life 3?
Does it include a snowdog with it?
take my money
Performance is AMAZING! But man that screen looks tiny and crappy AF...
wish it was 4 tf instead of 2. seems a bit weak
So you can only play steam games? only concern
This looks so fire
Feels bad Nintendo
the pain when a stick goes off calibrate
how to play dota 2 on it???
399$ is very cheap !!
Eh.
imagine playing LoL in your steam deck
!!! Sick !!! Might get this instead of a switch tbh
This product literally has given a huge slap to Nintendo
so if you got the 64gb do you even have enough space to install doom eternal, and well most new AAA titles?
Lol... Hey Africa.. get ready for a massive dump of e-waste in 2024
Valve has entered the console wars.
But can it do vr? Jk but probably not.
wowowowowowowow
These prices are awesome, currently the GPD Win 3 and its related portable gaming PC's run well into the low $1000s
Look like I'm giving my son my switch 😭💀
$600 dollars well time do do some overtime
did they say the screen is 720p? oof, why not 1080p
This is going to be a hit!
Elder Scrolls Online on the go!
Shut up and take my money
But will it run Crysis? 😜
Definitely going to buy this. and if the game prices stay the same, this just might be the most amazing device to play indie, retro and new games together.
Well you could just use the steam link with the steam deck?
Finally an Analogs that align across.   Unlike the Nintendo Switch analogs, such an handicaps for Sony gamers like me 😆.  Hmmm, only plays Mario Party so far on it. Difficult to plays FPS on it due to the misaligned analogs.   Planning to get this console, since it have more power like an PC. .... And not need to get use to mouse and keyboard, either 😆. 👍 looking forward to this.
This is steamy 👀🤤🔥🔥
Same power as a ps4? this will get old in less than 2 years. People don't buy switch cuz of power, they buy it for the Nintendo games. And no one is going to buy this for the games cuz they already can play em on their better consoles or PC
Very interested
What about heating and battery concerns
That's wayyyyy too expensive, nah I'll pass and just buy a laptop
No 5g thats a bit of a shame
Just when you thought getting a ps5 or a series x/s was hard. Here comes valve. Lol
Looks huge. Going to wait for a Steam Deck Pro.
GPD WIN3 will be more interesting.
Switchpro joke- Valve deck 1280x800 screen lol
Amazing 😻
im still wondering how’s the storage optimisation, since the "entry-level" Deck has only 64GBs of storage
64Gb, almost enough for one game, lol. Still thanks for the 399 price tag.
I'm going to cop this and emulate Switch games on it out of spite lol.
Nintendo gets wrecked!
Gonna wait till they remove the Bezel in the oled model
Those controllers look like crap
I'll wait a year after launch and pick one up for $20 when Valve decides to stop supporting it
What the hell is that d pad doing way over there?? Looks like a 2021 version of the Atari Lynx XD
Saben si podra conectarse un mouse y teclado conectarlo al monitor o tv y jugar así como lo hace la switch?
Can we mod games?
not a "handheld gaming pc" its a handheld console. like the switch or a DS but with more features pc players love.
This thing is gonna fail
The problem with Handheld PC's is they're using out of date hardware by time there launch. Luckily the price is right and all those Handheld PC Kickstarters are f...k..
Guys, if you don't support on launch then there won't be any "hardware steam sales" or "pro" version. All you'll get is a "clearance" sales like last time.  If you want a pc handheld to evolve and see healthy completion where Nintendo today monopolies... do the right thing and support it day one if you can.
Not bad, not bad at all…
They just won handheld wars
It's like a handheld Xbox will it have gamepass
There are better products than this and for cheaper. And more compatibility with windows instead of Linux and what ever  steam based os valve is putting on it
Finally!!!!
*LOW SPEC GAMER* wants to know your location
Valve releases the Switch Pro!
CAN WE PLAY TEAM FORTRESS 2?
The base version can't even fit one AAA game
It look like a next next gen of gamegear
if this remains actually affordable and does what it says, then this could be a game changer for the pc community. if it's truly a handheld pc, whether or not it's technically weaker than a high range pc, being able to play PC on the go, and hook it up to a monitor and play the most recent games, is wild!
Thin version of Ellon Musk
10/10 buying
Amazing. Sounds like you could put game pass on it as well
Imagine playing dota in this
So it's linux,not windows?
What is the game of minute 4:26?
Wow, it is incredible how flexible a handheld gaming device is when it uses the PROPER USB C PROTOCOL.....
Dude this is LEGENDARY!!! NINTENDO HOLD MY BEER!!!
PS2 on the go...
Valve has a long history of trying to so something hardware related and failing  miserably so I'm honesty wondering how well this will go
This is a very interesting product, that's it.
When's Sony gonna bring back the PSP???
2 Teraflop! Omg leave me alone… This is last gen compute power. Sure impressive, but a PC uses so much of the compute power just for Windows and the overlay, that it will be worse then last Gen. Just use a gaming laptop!
I’m buying it
Sorry nintendo. Looks like I'll be trading in the 3 switches gathering dust, for one decent pc handheld.
The music is so bad, guys. Please don't ever use it again.
sheesh
The ergonomics looks even worse than the switch. WTF valve
This is honestly awesome!
Finally appeared reasonable place to play Hades =D
Imagine playing dota 2 on that
This already shits on the Nintendo Switch
Valve does what nintendon't
Oh this is...HOT.
B AND A ARE SWAPPED   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA  WHY DO THEY DO THIS
WOW
This actually looks perfect.  The guy said it's a pc not a game console and supposedly you can install other 3rd party stores like Epic Store where you get free games 🌪 hopefully you can install xbox windows app too because that way you'd even be able to play gamepass pc games!
Microsoft dropped the ball.
This would be perfect if it used a M.2 to expand the main memory.
So no switch pro then xD those rumours of the more powerful chips were for this the steamdeck not the rumoured switch pro at the time
Esse carinha aí vai ficar mais ou menos uns R$ 3.000 aqui no Brasil, amenizando o preço...
Halo and Doom on the go.
Toooooooo big
About 700 for barley 500 GB now that's bad like really bad for somthing that only outputs 720p these guys must be crazy
I'd like to know how it actually felt in the hand. Its looks big and clunky and uncomfortable especially with smaller hands. The Joycons are too small for big hands but did they go too far the other way?
No talk on battery life? It's fine and all until you run out of juice 30 minutes after you start playing.
Remember steams console, yea me neither.
Nintendo: Noooo you just cant make what people want, it will make you lost money!!!!!!   Valve: haha tablet pc go brrr
im so glad this is real, im tired of seeing all those fakes on tiktok 😂
The dude on the right, looks like Elon Musk before he was famous.
sooo... Valve made a Switch?
when they show a lot death stranding gameplay so you can buy it LOL
4:30 >you can even wipe the stream os and install windows Can't wait to install Arch Linux on my steam switch
This thing dwarfs the Atari Lynx!
PC games on the go! 😃
Ngl this is pretty awesome, the controller is a bit iffy and the screen being at 720p is alright But a small PC in the palm of your hand's is just noice
its cool that you can essentially get a cheap pc but idk if it was just me but it looked like garbage if it wasnt on that 7 inch screen
arma 3 and gta v on portable........wow
This looks dope
And it runs on Linux :)
Офигенно! Но почему предзаказ без Европы? (
Thank goodness someone is competing with nintendo to keep them in check
Im gonna replay every game ive played on pc on it like tomb raider trilogy, fallout 4 and maybe skyrim with mods.
This seems interesting, not a huge fan of the layout tho, seems kinda bulky and uncomfortable.
Homerun, Valve!
Damn, this is hella interesting.
@1:41 that guy looks like a young, Paypal, Elon Musk lol.
A handheld/desktop gaming PC that's priced lower than gaming PCs? This is gonna change everything.
Bye to My Nintendo Switch 😅
Gamers: Did you kill console gaming? Valve: Yes Gamers: What did it cost? Valve: TF2
Scalpers: "Oh boy, 3 AM!"
Might be more expensive than a Switch, but games will be a lot cheaper with Steam sales.
must be pretty heavy!
I’m gonna buy this out of spite
FREE. MULTI. PLAYER.  NO GOLD  OR PS+ SUBSCRIPTION.
Wow, this is pretty incredible tech. The Switch compromises for its size and price by not being as powerful as the PlayStation or Xbox, but this is a *gaming PC.* Looking forward to seeing how it develops.
Cleveland steam box portable
fallout new vegas with mods? lets go
looks promising
This is actually pretty decent for the price
DAAAMN 400$ oh boy
"runs a custom version of SteamOS" Is this "custom version" avaliable for download?
Will the steam deck be able to be used without WiFi or a internet connection so on plane rides or away from your pc you can still use it
Wow this is amazing Valve well done!
awful
(possible heavy update)
Can you play Garry's mod in that?
JUST PUT THE OLD SOURCE GAMES ON SWITCH PLEASE
Let me guess…. 7/10?
Okay you have piqued my interest.
Nintendo have the Switch, Valve have the Steam Deck, so now Sony just have to release a new gen. PSP and Microsoft/X-Box have to try and come up with something.
But does it work with Steam Controller? :)
I'm ready for it
So the question is…can this run ffxiv With no issues?
the adult version of the Switch lololzlzlzozlz
Neat
So glad the track pads aren't being abandoned. I'm still waiting for XBOX to start releasing console controllers with them. The Steam Controller was just too ahead of its time.
How about trying Cyberpunk 2077 on this!
looks like the perfect combo may be the switch and the steam deck!
Better than the Nintendo switch?
portable cleveland steamer, can provide you some JACK PLEASURE.
2 TF of RDNA 2, is equivalent to about 3 TF of GCN architecture used in PS4/Xbox one in rasterization performance. So it should be significantly faster than PS4 and xbox one. This is actually quite impressive given its size.
Will be a emulator machine no doubt
720p screen again
I'll get one. If they're available... so 2 years from now.....
They said nothing about battery life
Yes!!!!!!! About time started to lose hope. Lol
Ha... hahaha, this is the f*cking end of Nintendo and their price policy.
Price ?
Who exactly is this for?
i'd be more interested if it was colossal and had bizarre as all hell button layout
Want one!
so will you be able to access things like windows and desktop mode portably or does it have to be docked?
I’ll get excited for this in two years when I’ll actually be able to get one.
If there is a premium version with a vita-style microswitch dpad, we will have reached utter perfection.
If you can play your steam mods on this gotta say this will be insane
Destiny 2 portable.
Sekiro on the go, final fantasy, Hades, doom, etc. Take my money
Нинтендо вышла из чата
What about Cyberpunk ?😂
This is so cool!, it'll be much cheaper to get indie games for on-the-go gaming for this machine instead of the switch.
Nintendo must be Crying rn
Please don’t ruin this beautiful system. So much potential
a $400 handheld pc? from valve? you can take it any where? SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!
If that has Xbox gamepass on it then it's a wrap for all handheld devices Halo on the go that would be epic
The thing we didn't know we wanted but what we definitely needed...
If this is literally a portable PC game, does that mean it can support mods from games like Skyrim or Minecraft?
Valve should have gone with Nvidia.... mostly because of DLSS... Ray Tracing with just like 1.5 TFLOPs (They mention 2 TFLOPs of all the APU) of weak RDNA 2 RT performance... you wish!!!
I've waited my whole life for this 😭
So cool!!!
Nice.  im definitely grabbin 1.  Nintendo is done
TAKE MY MONEY!!!
This look solid
The question for me is, and please let me know, does it play your current steam games that you have on pc, or do you have to buy them again?
Nintendo Switch Wide
Great news for Linux gaming
"IGN gets their hands on Gabe Newell's Deck"
This is the real PC2
5:56 what game is this guys
Man this looks promising
Portable modded Skyrim. Hell yeah!
Definitely not the switch
What's the PRIIIIICE? (Prices.  Prices)  Going Up!
Any words Nintendo?
Plllzzzzz do with color pink 😢😢😢😢
Bo Moore is a hot daddy.
It has an RDNA2 APU? 😯 This really is a Switch competitor
Pretty cool you can log in to Xbox Game Pass, basically a portable Xbox
The real test is how well it plays Cyberpunk 2077 🤣
There are some people sweating at Nintendo right now. Maybe not sweating a lot, but they sweating a little.
Please let this be a sign of the steam controller 2!
Already bought tickets to the funeral!
Lmao cool
So this is where Valve's money and resources have been going
Biggest question 1. can we play ultra graphic settings all game, or game are optimize like Console?  2. Battery life will be?
Run 4k games?
Can it run the epic games launcher + games though
Wow! I've waited for this thing for a long time! It's the perfect gaming console for me! with a powerful CPU / GPU and windows games! Sorry Switch you lost this time!
HECK YEAH!!
1 hours of battery life
Finally, a competitor that could actually punch the switch in the face.  Your move nintendo 🤔
still gonna go with GamePass but this is pretty rad. Would love to see where this ends up in the future.
Just install windows and downloads yuzu... you don't get a switch Pro but a switch MEGA
4:27   what is this game???
З нетерпінням чекаю на появу!
yoooooo, its not just a storage space difference. also a storage speed difference.
Games like Control and Fallen Order are meant to be played on a big screen.
What is the game at 4:25?
Impressed
GTA 5 on the go
Nintendo in 2022: Joining Sega?
Can you play other things like WoW on it?
1:43 (left) you waiting for your older brother finish playing 'cause your mom only bought one for two of you.
GPD Win: "adios"
Everybody else living on third world countries where this console is most likely gonna cost $1200 leave your like here.
I’ll have to get this then
Looks like a modern day Sega game gear.... Pc games mobily yes please
Guess we could say that "Valve does what Nintendon't"
I'll do you guys one better....  But can it run VR????
Looks so awkward
Do you need to have constant Wifi for this?
Ray tracing on handheld is amazing
can u play rust on this tho
"it has like 4 cores" -valve engineer 6:28
Its about time Nintendo faced some solid competition and stop fooling customers.
Valve new console meanwhile nintendo stands in shock with their oled screen switch thinking they were smart now this, this is what nintendo should've done...
How are you playing Windows games natively on Steam OS?  This is HUGE news, much bigger than the device itself, no?
This one is indeed a real hands on video. Faith in humanity restored
bascially an xbox one in my hands this is gonna put nintendo out of business
Ah yes, Game Gear 2021. Steam does what Nintendon't.
Valve: Dread it. Run from it. The SteamDeck arrives Nintendo: uhh OLED screen??? 😰😰😰
Can’t wait for 2023 when this will be available !!!!! 🤘🏻
im boutta act up bro
thats a jaguar 64 you cant fool me
Let’s hope it’s better than the Steam Box.
Brooooooo!!!!!!!!!!
Does it run GTA5?
it's huge af
Imagine the next version supporting your index native.
Is almost looks like a Razer Kishi
Honestly looks promising. If it does what it says it can. Many people who can't get big PC rigs can get into PC games via this thing and that is really neat.
Valve is now the definition of "Hold my beer."
7:05 its much stronger than the PS4. We do not compare different architecture's terraflops. 5700 XT has 9.75TF while VEGA 64 has more than 11. Still the 5700 XT is 25% faster.
Waiting for GSM model
You guys remember the steam controller? Me neither.
Please release this in India.
old king is dead, all hail the new king
Just Take My Money!!!
There you go. Switch Pro.
4:58 but what about Skyrim mods that use Script Extender?
now how is the screen gonna look with regular PC games? most games are designed for large screens... the interface is going to be weird...
400 bucks?????? Oh yeah
What a horrible looking design. This product will be forgotten about within a few months of its release.
they have handhelds like this already but this like a quarter of the price of those. So I'll definitely be looking forward for when this releases
stop lying bro you did not play doom eternal no one at ign can play doom :|
Yesssssssssssss! Bye-bye Switch.)
They put netendo out of business 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
And 720p ...............oh well they tried
Finally N-Gage 2!
Hope it doesn't suffer from stick drift - replacing a controller is bad enough!
This is gonna flop like the vita, portable games only work when they are conceptually not reliant on power like Nintendo IPs, anything that is will be better on a console/Pc, who wants to play these types of games with no WiFi on a train
is it heavy?
But can it play warzone?
this is gonna sound so mean... but this is hideous
Why are these screens so small?!? Someone do an 8 inch screen with no bezel, Why such a bezel, do away with bezels please! 🙏😞
It’s a PC?? So we can put Xbox Games Pass on it?!
Steam: Fun isn't something one considers when balancing the handheld gaming universe..... but this, heheheh... does put a smile on my face.
This is going to be my perfect retro handhand.
this is mind blowing
Love it love it love it . This will totally kill the shitty Nintendo with mediocre graphics .
Might pick this up hope they support a bigger storage
Battery 🔋 over/under 4 hours. What do you think?
The screen is too small and the borders around it are not attractive.
Wow...   very nice :)
if this released 2017 nintendo would be making hot dogs right now
AMD is spreading everywhere.
Alright Half Life 3 on Steam Deck when?
I’m buy this for sure
the prices are nasty but it definitely looks cool.
Now this looks much more  better than NS
But is it vr ready?... that's the real question
Was that so hard to do nintendo ? Looks nice, I’m getting it
Bro. Cash grab?
Damn that's quick wasn't expecting this till next year.
this lools nice😉
it was announced today wtf???
Can it carry mods?
the base model has only 64 GB  - that's maybe one AAA game. dock is sold separately for who knows how much. control layout doesn't look great. sounds neat at first........but idk, doesn't sound too great.
That price difference between the three just for a memory upgrade is embarrassing
NINTENDO IS ABSOLUTELY OBLITERATED
It's an Arch-based OS. This thing is gonna be a freaking beast.
How many Terashits per megafarts does it have
Cant wait to preorder this *scalpers on their way to ruin everyone's happiness*
Wow $399?  And all 3 models have the same performance besides the storage?  These are going to sell like mad.
Half-life:Barney confirmed?
No Mans Sky Handheld 🤤
This looks like everything people were asking for from a Switch Pro, looking forward to this.
Why not clampshell design? this just like Switch is a suboptimal handheld experience if we think about ergonomics... trend before function.....
Can you run an emulator on this?
Nicel
the scalpers are already set to give you nightmares this holiday!!
Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow finally…. But ray tracing?!
The most impressive is the device running Linux... Linux in a handheld device running native games? O.o
That Switch OLED  looks outdated all the sudden. Nintendo definitely sweating right now. This thing looks Nice 👌
Does it have gamepass for PC?
WOW
It really needs a kickstand 😀
Hopefully Atlus would put Persona 5 Royal on Steam.
Can we at least get a 1080p screen its 2021
I've been saving for a ps5...I might have to get this instead
Not about Tf2  Don't care
Wow, Valve can't make a sequel to their multiple gaming franchises but can make a Nintendo Switch with PC in it. Wow!
Great console, but these guys look like the Combine has guns pointed at them behind the camera.
Everybody liked that
The future is now!!! I’ve dreamt of this as a kid and it’s finally coming to fruition! Hail Gaben!
bye bye nintendo
4:25 game?
Daaaaaam now this thing looks like a dream come true with that price. OMG cannot believe this.
installing epic games launcher on this
Dota 2 plz and I'm buying
Half life 3 confirmed
Damn we already got a switch killer
But can it run Crysis?
NINTENDO ON SUICIDE WATCH
Definitely getting this
Does that mean you can play tarkov but with a controller?
But does it have backwords compatibility
How big will game sizes be is the thing
Thx Steam, now Nintendo have concurrence
id definitely get this instead of a switch
I’m prob gonna do windows 10
I'm about to show my age. This reminds me of a Sega Game Gear.
Pretty sure Valve just one the handheld console market
If this works just as well if not better of how they are marketing this switch is screwed
Depending on how Valve handles the launch, this could be the gravestone for the Switch 2 or Pro before it's even been released. Things are about to get spicy
Thanks and have fun
Too bad it'll cost about $600-700 from russian resselers cuz steam doesn't really works with russia
Can't wait to troubleshoot drivers on the go ✨
That thing is enormous, cant wait for this to become unsupported within a year of its release. Pass
64GB what... that's insulting PC gamers
So you could technically have Xbox Gamepass running on it with 100 of games running well in handheld ? And Emulators ? That would be a Switch killer!
6:28 When the quite kid at parties starts to talk 🔥🔥
1:57 elon musk, big brain, less hairs, skinny.
Valve and Microsoft did a fusion dance and created the most powerful handheld PC in the world even trumping the switch
does it play games at 60fps?
I'm a big fan!
Any joystick drift problems)
Is this legit? How so cheap yet outperforms an Nitro 5 for like over half the price?
Cant play dota tho
Looking nice
Switch Killer
So it's a valvento steatch
Can it run gta v?
Nintendo games 60-70 euros.
Anomaly is gonna play cs on this
Looks amazing
64GB That's what? Two thirds of a GTA V? One half of a Red Dead Redemption 2? Are you ****ing me? It's 2021, for Dirk's sake!
The price starts at $[3]99. HALF-LIFE 3 CONFIRMED!!
Looks amazing but will Control melt the hardware?
If it looks like a Switch and plays like a Switch...... Buy a Switch
Not only will this destroy Nintendo but the Chinese handheld market. You can't beat that price.
It's the future right here
This seems cools. And with the controls, it could very well be a great emulator as well!
HOLY!!!!!!!
Can we get rid of bezzles entirely why do companies keep including them to then remove in later versions of hardware.
???
But does it have a WIDE kick stand? Lol
You lost me with SteamOS.
The problem with this thing is that it wouldn't be able to play next generation games. You would only be able to play old games with it. Now who wants that?
Cool, 64 is practically zero, wonder how well games will load off an sd card as you can get 256 for 20$ compared to the extra 125$ their asking for the nvme version.
Can you buy this in Steam store using Steam wallet?
what game is on 6.04 bois?
This feeling when 2011 PS VITA looks so much better than any modern gaming handheld device
Okay but how’s the battery
Oh no, AMD.
Valve: we’ll make our own switch. With blackjack. And hookers
Can you hook your index up to it? If yes that’s a game changer.
Fans : pro please... Nintendo : here's O L E D Valve : here's your pro Nintendo : Wait thats ilegal!!
What’s the battery life look like?
shuttup and take my credit card info
will it be possible to play dota in this?
Wii U flash backs intensify
just... no
This thing is DOA.
What about battery life? Hope it's decent 🙏
damn calling out the switch
Ditch The Switch
Can play current gen games smoothly. Proceeds to show portal from 1902
GTA on the go?
Switch killer
Does it have smash?
touchscreen photoshop on the go
Valve make games challenge (IMPOSSIBLE)
Design is horrible
I've been waiting SO long for something like this to release and it finally happened. The future really do be now.
This item will just be price gouged, just like the rest of them.
Now this is a UPGRADE! Bye bye Nintendo Switch OLED.
Yeah but, does it have a cool stand!? Didnt think so!
Finally something better than a Weaktendo Switch!
Nintendo are you there?????👀👀👀👀👀
Can we play Gary’s mod on it?
can't wait to install an IDE on it just to print "Hello world!"
Hopefully when docked it will be 4K
They have my intrest for sure.
things that will die in a year or two at the most.
My question is can you take the games on the go without using wi-fi
Will it have Call of duty?
Jeez the fact that they let it be a customizable PC is legendary
Imagine buying a Switch and two weeks later this pops up on your Switches YouTube-applications front page. Life sure is funny like that
Valve Does What Nintendon't.
im fine with my 3070rtx laptop. this looks legit though
Valve u just had one job.. Please hire a better spokesman..
Как долго я этого ждал!! Габен вперёд! Privet from Russian)
If it's too heavy to hold for a long time, it's going to flop.
SteamOS with KDE, nice.
Chinese does better than Japanese
If is not for still have the memory of the Steam Machine fresh would be a day 1 purchase
Can't wait to emulate nintendo games for free on this new handheld pc!
RDNA 2 APU finally, also 7:00 2 Tflops of RDNA 2 is much better than 2 Tflops of GCN i.e ps4/xbox one..
this will get outdated so quick because its a pc console not a proper console  where developers will make games specifically for this hardware
Well... I'm getting a stream deck
Imagine pubg on that omg
haha no reason to buy switch no for shitty 3rd party ports and nintendo isn't releasing enough first party games
The buttons and dpad look super uncomfortable
Aya neo & One x player needs to revise their prices after this device releases to the gamers.
Handheld World of Warcraft? sign me in!!!!
This was a triumph, I'm making a note here: Huge success.
Is screen 4k ?
Why do companies hate 124gb
If it’s like a PC you expect it to be 1080 P or 1440pAnd expect to be $600 not 1000
Csgo in portative.
Hello, we can play to cs go and valorant on this ? !!
this is epic!!!!
Omg I'm getting it
Warzone?
Emulate switch on it lmao
My big question is: How well will it run FFXIV?
Ouya dont stand a chance
It still infuriates me that no one produces controllers with touch pads like this. Playing CoD on my iPhone is so much more precise then playing it on console. Just leave the controllers as they are and changeout the right stick for a touch pad. Or make it an option for pro controllers.
Woah that's big!
this would be great for emulation
Now... xbox make an elite controller with both sticks at the top please!!!
That’s cool and all but...does it run TF2?
All they need to do is get rid of that bezel and I’m sold for sure
Holy crap so cheap and powerful
Does anyone know if this thing is powerful enough to run a switch emulator?
That's just an over-sized joy-con with a screen...
If You can put emulators in that consolé basacally it's The console for domated all
Dude, if they gave us a small laptop with the same APU for like $400-$500, that would be an instant buy.
Wow the price are way to high
7:52 name of game?
Respect!
So this is why tf2 never gets updated
64go, you can install just one game...
probably uses proton, which means valve our gonna be improving linux support again \o/
This is awesome ❤️
That thing looks like my xmas present!!! Dopeeeee
Don’t think this’ll be a Nintendo switch killer but damn......wtf are ya doing Nintendo?
Nah don't believe in this. Too complicated.
Nintendo Switch: "Who are you?" Steam Deck: "I'm you, but stronger."
"$399" Gabe finally counted to 3
It looks incredible uncomfortable even for the actors 😭😭
What have we learned from all of these failed ones
Is this guy The Expert (Anderson)?
What's tje game at 4:27???
Is it only for steam games
You think we would be able to play DayZ on it?
if dota 2 can play with this device then why not,, but if not lol its a garbage for me!
720p oh no
steam os hmmm, hope this will make linux game support even better
Can’t wait to play resident evil 8 while on a road trip
Whats the game name at 6:00 ?
You can play xbox gamepass on this. Superb!
this looks incredibly cool!
fak
Can it play dota?
So why we have phones??😂
Ok so it’s a switch, but way better
So it just hit me you could literally turn this into a handheld Xbox by installing gamepass and Xbox to it
The specification about this PC please? Anyone know?
Why is no one talking about battery life?
U have got my money
Switch stole it's interface from the wiki pad serves them right
Hard pass
The buttons are way too high, looks awful to handle. You can't take the controllers off either...why not make it a switch clone in that respect? Removable controllers would also mean they could design other controllers to work with it.
Curious about battery life in handheld mode considering the power that this is claimed to have. If it's significantly stronger than the switch I'm sure battery life will be the deciding factor on if it's competitive with the switch vs just buying a pc or normal console.
If it is like a PC can you also download Epic Games Store?
Nice this looks cool
When you're at the top so many people hate ...hoping and wishing this will knock the switch off ..but the reality is this won't do anything...Nintendo will keep selling
Yeah, this will crash and burn within 2 years. Like Nvidia shield
The sides are so thick and it's so bulky. The display looks smol in comparison but otherwise it's cool
Just The Nintendo Switch Killer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm so happy! Very nice Valve!
5:51 capable of running both linux and windows games 👍
Lorrrd . Im on youuuu, take my money please
But does it have Bluetooth tho?
This is going to be running Arch linux. Linux is the future of gaming! 😎🐧
Take my money
*in the near future*  bro do you have deck ?
Another online only console, Just like the alienware game console, Only major problem is that a whole lot of people donot have high speed internet.
bro playing classic PC games at 60 fps on the go from my steam library... this is amazing
BYE BYE laptop
Looks clunky and hard to play on. Terrible controls.
Elon Musk's evil twin. Literally similar mannerisms to him.
$50 more than OLED Switch… -Insert Oof-  (Yes Nintendo first party bla bla, unless games run like hot garbage, third party on the Switch is in trouble)
What game does he play on 4:28?
This seems extremely promising..hope this handheld catches on to masses
Take my money
Amazing. This is knowing the consumer base. We don't need 4k on a 7" screen that's going to cost $1000 or something.
Wonder if you can play Dota or league of legends on this
Im gonna end up using this so much more than my pc lol
OMG 😱😱
Can u play GTA FIVEM though 🤔👀
That guy said “uh” like 100 times throughout this video
Great to see more entries into the handheld space but 64gb for the base model seems extremely limiting.
the layout is disgusting and not a substitute for a PC.
Switch got caught slipping 🤷🏿‍♂️
Goodbye, switch.
Needs RetroArch immediately
Pre-order today! ……….. aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it’s gone!
What is the game they are playing at 04:28?
$399 base???!!!!! must buy!!
What does internal memory matter when so many games are like 100gb or more? Lol 399 to 650.. bro just get a 512gb micro sd for like 30 40 bucks. Smh. Hopefully it runs games ok off fast mico sds but that internal na id pass. 250bucks smh
Watch this have a battery life of 2-5 hours, especially on hardware-intensive games
They killed it.  649$ is very affordable
Not gonna lie ... This looks sleek !
This is gonna kill Stadia completely
Dual boot plz
WOW
Nintendo Switch Pro
Amazing!!!
thats cool would buy , imagine playing Star Wars Battlefront 2 or Lost Ark on that , a Dream
But can it run Crysis
Another steam machine to flop like all the rest. And if nintendo came out with a machine for 650$ with a 720 screen you guys would whine like babies.
The switch pro we all wanted.
This is basically the Switch 2 than a Switch Pro.  And I'm sure people will be complaining then that the Switch 2 will "only" be portable PS4 graphics.
Turns out the Switch Pro is real
it looked great until mention the storage size 64gb for entry model
Thanks to my experience with the vita it's better to have those touch pad as a rear touch pad. Any touch controls to the front should be on the touchscreen. No need for back buttons. Basically you used the rear touch pad as a mouse while your thumbs could focus on face button if your playing a shooter
Will you be able to play GTA IV, V, and red dead on this?
1minute into video ... But can we TALK about how it looks like the SWITCH???  I'm sure they address it by the end of the video, but this is kiiiillling me rn
64gb storage on a all digital game system, c'mon..
Glad to see people are seeing the Technological Marvel QuickResume was, contrary to folks making it looks at if it was an easy gimmick which just anyone could emulate.   Shocked to learn that SteamOS runs on Linux, LinuxGaming has gone so far, damn!
imagine installing epic game store on it
Gta 5 portable LET'S GO
Can you upgrade the graphics settings with this how will it hold up? What's the specs?
I'm selling my switch for this
Its design is horrible.
TAKE MY MONEY
But can it play Mario?
What's the game at 5:55 ?
Maybe capacitive touch sticks are something to implement in the future!
How are the graphics for more demanding games though?
Thanks cable for not releasing a standard driver for the steam pad.....lost steam??
Yeah I'll stick to my switch
DECK the Halls this Christmas!!! Woo Hoo!!! Thanks Valve!
Better than switch
Man why cant these handheld pc get button placement right :( their always hella awkward
“The Switch PC Edition”
Looks sick!
Feels want to play L4D2 while the power is off
the heck
3d artist also use for rendering in age of gpu crysis.
Maybe not the one we deserve but it’s the one we need
Can it run ff14 is my main question 🤔
Steam Pro > Switch Pro
Looks promising my first portable pc🥂😎
Finally the year of linux handhelds
Half Life on the go! Let’s Go!!!
So will you be able to buy it after the  reservations??
This could revolutionize entire portable gaming to new..level ..as always steam always knew what gamers always needed....this is ..Litt..🔥🔥
So is this gaming through your steam library via cloud? Or can you download your games on to this thing and play them DRM free, if the latter I'm interested, if the former, then hard pass from me.
The real switch pro lol
That thing looks way oversized. Seems like thiers better options out there.
Nintendo: We are announcing Switch Pro     Steam: MINI PC goes this holiday
New league of legends machine.
Waiting for Linus to get it
im buying this
But can it run Half-Life Alyx?
The Switch Pro we deserved
This thing is doomed to flop. Let’s be honest....
Imagine people make it run emulators and it play Nintendo games with better performance 😳
A vr headset connected to this would be amazing
Glad to see KDE Plasma running on Steam Deck
Oh boi nintendo... you are in for it now.
Definitely gonna get it
2TFLOP is ~RX460
Can’t wait to see it on sale for 30€ in 4 years
Fun fact: If it is built on linux it can be jailbroken to download yuzu (switch emulator).
Nintendo- Gameboy (Winner) Sega- Gamegear  Nintendo- DS (Winner) Sony- PSP  Nintendo- 3DS (Winner) Sony- Vita  Nintendo- Switch OLED Valve- Deck  Who you betting on....
The fact that it's a full fledge PC and not a long locked down console makes it worth it. If Microsoft was smart they would either make thier own portable console or make a Windows version with a console interface for the deck.
So glad that valve knows better, and they put the analogs in the right place!
I'm so excited
Please bring back the Steam Controller!
Nintendo Worst Nigthmare
Can you use it for PCVR?
Game-changing device. Consoles should be shaking rn.
It's like...someone ran over my Game Gear.
This makes me want to cry
Finally a stronger opponent to a Nintendo switch...i think it's going to sell like hot cakes
Why is the Steam Deck not using the entire screen? Why do we need a huge black border?
What a complete waste of money.
Aaaaaaand its gone cause scalpers. I'm calling it right now.
Imagine buying this and than installing EGS on it to play the free games you just got there xD
I’ll wait for a steam sale.
“Mom can we get the steam deck?”  Mom: “ we have the steam deck at home”  The steam deck at home:  Nintendo switch
Can we connect it to a monitor?
'looked great and played smoothly' so is that 30fps or 60fps
Oof death stranding looks rough on it
The size was deceiving me until the dev held it
64gb storage OKAY buddy , that's 1 and a half games
Looks so bad
To all the people who say this is the 'switch killer', you need to understand that there's a clear market for the Nintendo switch which is completely outside of who will buy this handheld. I'm not underplaying the great work from valve here, but Nintendo is a household name whereas Valve unfortunately not, so a product like this might be intimidating to alot of potential buyers. Furthermore, this is most definitely a niche product, unlike the switch, this handheld is not releasing for Valve to release their own games on, but for people to play preexisting PC games in handheld mode. Another point to make is that this isn't really a handheld like the switch is. Not in the same right, it estimates 2-8 hours battery which essentially means most graphically intensive games will be about 3 hours playtime, it's significantly larger, and also the button layout is very much again, intimidating. And finally, historically Valve is just simply unable to compete with the major video game companies with their hardware. For example, the PSVR, a perriferal for the PS4 sold over 5 million units whereas the valve index is estimated to have sold about a tenth of that. I'm sure there's someone typing out an elongated reply about how I'm a 'nintendrone' and how I'm sucking up to a billion dollar company, but this really isn't competition for the switch, you need to understand that.
Minecraft mods?!???
YES!
They say: "This is gaming PC!" But they give us 64 gb so we can install one game, lol.
must buy
just one drawback..........720p..rly valve??/
SD cards company: STONKS!📈📈📈📈📈
Muy bien amigos, a esperar al 2023 a que llegue a latam con un precio comodo de 800$
lol if the memory is expandable why would you want the top model internal memory? Lol sure its nvme but most pc gamers dont put their games on their OS drive they have an ssd for the OS and a hdd for files.
It requires a bigger screen, Volvo please make the 512 gig model come with a wider screen so it can be worth the spend
You can tell that it's the first generation switch.
Can it run cyberpunk? Lol
Judging by the size it can be used as a snowboard
Imagine playing csgo with this
Great, now how do it attached to my keyboard and mouse ?
Well, the Switch is in trouble. And Valve learned from the Steam Machines, no complicated mess, just 3 various prices defending on the storage. Although, if they sold just a 100GB or so version for $400, that wouldve been a hell of a deal.
As a switch owner. It's impressive how they kept the price so low for a PC that can game.
that thing is huge wow
Would love to see how these compare to the GPD Win devices
gonna be the hottest new handheld on the market.... quite literally.
Wow big hype🔥🔥🔥
but can it run cyberpunk 2077
Its no longer pc isnt it?  It can be considered a brand new type of console
Sony, Microsoft?  Fair warning:  If you show up to E3 five or six years from now, and you don’t have a portable console, *you are going to get left behind.*
/you can also play gamepass and stadia on it
Sega game gear is back !!!! Lol
If steam can sell this device that has about twice the power of the Switch for only $50 more then NINTENDO neeeeeeeds to start upping their strategy.
144hz refresh rate ?
Welp there goes 400 of my dollars 💵
Imagine emulating switch, GameCube,  or PS2 on this 👀
Possible to be a lawsuit
Looks like Nintendo might have to step it up after all
"Track pad is similar to a mouse in fps games like doom eternal" - ign
What game is that at 4:24?
Im pretty sure every thought this, if its a handheld gaming pc, why does it have controller inputs?
Steam Deck : base model 64GB  RDR2 : Yes
So why do they think we need this if we got a pc gaming set up?
Finally, now Nintendo either feels pressured to up their game, or they still don't care. My honest thoughts: they probably still don't care...
pre tesla elon musk?
....too bad it's Valve, they have a poor record of support for hardware!
Dude looks like alternate reality Elon Musk
720p? Bleh. You could have gotten 1080
Awesome can play halo on the go
Aw yes the switch pro premium with ethernet port.
Steamdeck....I think I'm in love....I just broke up with my nintendo switch...."I think we need to see other people".....😜
OLED screen? ☀️
This should be amazing!
Alot of information in the videos put out, but no mention at all of heat output or fan-noice from the handheld 🤔
399 Is all?!?!?! 💳✴✴💳✴✴ give it me nowwwwww
Hope this makes Nintendo tremble so they put more work on the Switch
The non upgradeable ssd KILLS me. Having just a few games (AC Odyssey, Warzone, & R6 Siege) is already over 350-400gb. And running Pc games off a micro sd card just seems like it’ll be super slow. Wish that ssd was upgradeable
Great move from Steam ! Congrats !
one of the most exciting news lately
what's this game on pc? 2:57
Damn, thats a Hugh Deck.
OneXplayer much better
Nintendo: *Doesn't release a pro switch* Valve: Fine, I'll do it myself.
Nintendo: We added an OLED screen and a LAN port to the Switch and are charging an extra $50.  Valve: We compressed a gaming PC down to the size of a tablet and are only charging $400.
Valorant mobile before Valorant for Mobile?
You have me sold.
NEED
Considering this thing can and will run RetroArch, we can objectively play more Nintendo exclusives on this thing than in an actual Switch.
Lost me at Linux...
Ol Pierre should of worn a black shirt....
If it runs windows and AutoCAD, it would make a fantastic on site computer
What????? That's awesome 😦😦😦😦😦😦
Looks like a oversized NGauge.
This literally destroys the switch in every way. There's just np point for a switch anymore lol. Adios to my switch im getting this or a Xbox series s.
Nintendo: Oled nintendo switch Steam: Allow me to end this mans whole career
can you connect this to a tv?
Can you install Xbox gamepass?
Game gear is that you???
3:41 HL3 confirmed
Sold !
take ma moneh
A 2 Tflop SteamOS based console...Valve just Onepunched Nintendo, GPD, Aya, and One at the same time.
Day one purchase for me! Time to set aside my Switch Lite kids console for something more adult!
The *Switch PRO* To be very successful like the *Steam Machines* OH WAIT
Day 1!!!
Don’t remember the gamegear having such a big screen
super excited for this.
This is siiiiicccckkkk
Do want. But will wait for first user reviews. This thing being a pc first, and a steamOS carrier second is great. With how bad things are with hardware right now this looks extremely interesting.
I'm gonna buy the cheapest model, open it up, and put my 1tb NVME in it! Then fail to put it back together again.
PC games rarely fit next to an os in a 64GB drive. How about the ram and vram numbers?
I'm guessing you can put gamepass on it and stream xcloud games? If so I'm sold.
wasn’t expecting it to be 399$
100% getting this.
Watch it drift...
waiting ❤️
Another hot item for scalpers.
Everyone is saying this is a switch killer, shouldn’t buy right away, etc. Meanwhile I’m just here being glad I’m seeing the evolution of the whole thing compared to when it started with the WII U
Nintendo malding rn
why not make the design simpler? Box design like iPad or 3DS XL?
Joycon drift?
Im going to use this for VR
and all that for $400?? this thing can be huge
Probably some games on pc more than 64 gb
But, can it run Crysis?
ugh 1rst version hardware is usually full of flaws for the lack of real world testing
but can it oscillate?
Could it run AAA graphic games well ? :(
Nintendo: A Switch Pro? Why would we wanna make that?  Valve: Hi there.
Do you know what the max capacity the Micro SD will be?
came out of nowhere, where's the new Switch though?
A little feedback for Bo, less mouth on the mic. The sound of your lips smacking is a bit distracting.
Why the guy in blue shirt looking like gun pointing at him to make us interview 😂
Lol Switch OLED? More like Switch OHNO.
7:49 Which one you choose ?  $399 PS5 Or Switch $529 Xbox Series X  $649 Steam Handheld Portable
Now all those 1000 $ so called handheld gaming pc can kiss my boots
W in my book
Will there be sales of the console in Russia? (Будут ли продажи приставки в России? )
Nintendo- the Nintendo switch OLED is the best hand held console ever  Valve- hold my beer
Can we play dota 2 on it?
64gb.. that’s not even enough to install forza horizon 😂
"Steam Deck comes in 3 different variants"  Half Life 3 confirmed?
very cool Valve haha, now you can go back to updating/releasing games right?      ....right?
Already a way more attractive device than Switch OLED.
What about the price
Can't wait to emulate Breath of the Wild on it.
Nintendo switch pro 👌 😎 🙌
Why is ign still a thing
Perfect for emulation also? Could it emulate Switch? 😂
Hopefully this can run Steam VR.
Hopefully not settings sync like it is on PC. Boot Resi 8 on desktop at 4K. Try and play it later on my gaming laptop (1080P) and it shits the bed and loads up at 320x240. Stop syncing settings!
This could become the ultimate portable emulator machine.
Yes.
Valve just looked at Nintendo and said "Yh let's just give the people what they want"
Sold👌🏾
Hardware is not impressive
Закрой рот и возьми мои деньги !!! Где купить!!!
as long as this product works without any weird issues ie. battery, overheating, playability etc then this is gonna be a banger. the larger your steam library the more appealing this product becomes
Didn't know Prince William is a digital gaming tech lover! @ 1:55
Dual trackpads lives on 👏👏👏👏
They literally just slapped nintendo with this 😂😂
Why is it not final hardware. Who is rushing Valve? No one was expecting them to present it anyway
Oh DANG
Does it sound like a spaceship taking off? If it doesn,t make a ton of noise and heat when playing a game like cyberpunk on max settings its a buy.
blah, blah.. amazing power... and 30 mins battery life! lol
These guys are the best!!! Making it 'open' as a PC is great.
Can you play dota here?
Never liked the Nintendo Switch. The Deckard looks much better even if it's only a 720p screen. Sold.
Nintendo finnaly Showed the switch pro
Can it play Dayz
looks like a freaking game gear wtf
As somebody who’s been looking to get into the pc/steam space for awhile, this is huge. Being able to potentially play portal, MCC, TF2, etc. anywhere sounds like the absolute dream
Epic Store fans, now you see what a big mistake it is
This is insane
Specs
Will it be able to play GTA tho
If this is a success, Nintendo is gonna have to step up their game big time.
Full size thumb sticks and bottoms are awesome, the switch could learn from his.
ahhh the switch pro, finally!!
This is why Nintendo didn't come out with a Switch Pro.. as powerful as this hardware is, it probably means alot of heat and power draw too. Not the most comfortable experience, plus poor battery life.
Can't wait to finally play left4dead on the go
Can it run Baldurs Gate 3 tho?
Honestly don't think that steam is trying to beat switch here with their new device.  Sure one of their aims is to steal switch gamers away thanks to its specs. But when you look at it, people who would likely buy this are pc gamers who want to play their pc(steam) games on the go but still be able to do sheets and documents like on a laptop from time to time. Also, the guys that wants this device are likely to play high graphic games like control or death stranding, etc. at their office or commute and not really mario or pokemon games that most switch players actually play.
Nintendo didn't make the switch pro and valve be like:  Fine, i'll do it myself.
waht game is at 4:25 ?
Since it's a computer, can you have GAMEPASS in it?
GamePass 😎
When Nintendo doesn't make the Switch Pro...  Valve: "Fine, I'll do it myself..."
Is this the perfect device for Xbox Cloud Gaming? Hmmmm
How hot does this thing get that it needs that huge vent on the back?
Can't wait to use Steam Deck and Play Meepo in Dota 2
This is the Cleveland steambox
Yooooo im getting thissssas
Finally !!! I'm so hyped for this
Already have a 3060 gaming lappy, but might also get this for the lols
Nerds on the go, rejoice!!
Why does he look sad
Can't wait to put windows 11 on it
Im bying man. How much is it ?
64gb model is crappy storage
But Can It Run Crysis?
Can you play planet coaster on it?
Shut up and take my money!!!
can play pubg??
Now, this is interesting.
This is very interesting, actually. Dunno if I'll buy it, but interesting nevertheless.
8” why not?
720p in 2021? Come on man...
heavily modded skyrim on the go
Canceling my OLED Switch Pre- Order and picking this up. GTA V, RD2, Master Chief Collection and Horizon all portable? Insane.
Dafuq Elon Musk doing there?
$400 is just insane, so NICE.
Win GDP walked so that Steam Deck could run
399$ handheld pc Vs 350$ switch Don't need to ask who would win Also don't need to a game like Nintendo echo system, game pass pc also exist too
Only 2 tf? Just slightly more powerful than Switch which is disappointing. Wish there's a more powerful version which starts at 1k with 4 or more tf, now that would be awesome
Seems exciting, but it’s not gonna take the place of my switch
Aweeeesoooommeeeeee
Ready to give my $$$$$$$$.
This looks perfect for retro gaming, the Dreamcast and N64 awaits you!
Looking forward to a LTT video on the Steam Deck
Okay, this might just convert me to PC gaming
1st mistake...Having controls that don't detach from the system. The screen will probably last for 10 to 20 years...but controls seem to act up in 1 to 2 years of heavy use. One bad button can ruin everything...and the entire system would have to be sent in to be serviced. On Switch you can just snap on a replacement...and send in the broken joycon.
Perfect thing to sell 600$ of my csgo skins for
Can’t wait to emulate the switch on this 😈
2,000 dollars when the bots buy them out
Dude I'm so hyped for this
The answear is Xbox Cloud.Who need that sheeet?!
This is going to fail hard
What game is 5:54 ?
That’s not game gear?
im gonna buy it and install a switch emulator :)
Can you install discord on it tho?
Imagine running yuzu on that device lmao 😆
You can't just put a hot guy like this people, I'm distracted from the product :(
So at 64gb, the base model won’t be able to install anything above 50gb if that storage cap includes the OS and other native apps? Looks like the real entry point is gonna be the $500 256gb model.
this is going to hurt nintendo. alot of switch games are available on windows too.
Those side controllers are HUGE lol
This "console" will flop harder than a fish lol
Dumb that it isn’t 16:9
Nintendo: well we don't have any competition let's just skip switch pro and milk what we have ...1 week later Steam : Ahem.... we announce our handheld ray tracing pc gaming system.
Вот бы дядя Гейб ещё вторую ревизию геймпадов своих прекрасных сделал
Did PC gaming evolved to Console gaming ??
1:44 if Elon musk was a middle class IT guy
The Vita is proud.
Shut up and take my money
So this is the Steam machine
Is this Dota 2 compatible??
Is the docking station necessary for playing on a TV like as though it was a console?
This look like old videos ign used to make.
Didn't know PC elites wanted handheld gaming devices too🤔
Does it run Cyberpunk tho?
Playing Witcher 3 on this handheld will be amazing.
how about dota ?
Dope
Don’t compare the size, shape, menu, features, functionality or anything to the Nintendo switch…. Just think of it as a pc…😂 pretty sure that’s code for nintendo* please don’t sue, please don’t sue, please don’t sue
Didn't think I'd see the day Valve kills Nintendo.
Bootleg nintendo switch be like:
Looks like a modern game gear.
Hopefully you can edit ms word and powerpoints
That price is crazy....Goodluck with sales..
Wow, valve made 3 of something
heh gonna use it as a grenade after some hours of gameplay
720 is more than enough on that screen, and yet Nintendo community up in arms that the OLED switch isn’t 1080.
This looks so uncomfortable to hold tbh
Can it run DotA 2? 🌝
why not 1tb and 2 tb ssds?
Weird pos button
If yo think about it Switch games are so expensive that you can really save those 100 dollar extra.
Please, don't flop like the NVIDIA Shield.
Lol Dumbass Gaben tried turning PC into console with steam machines, they flopped. And now he is trying to turn PC into a portable console and will fail again. Leave consoles and portables to the kings of console Nintendo, Microsoft and Sony. PC Is too flawed and expensive to be a small console and portable.
portable, powerful, linux machine! Yes, please!
Немного пугает что все проекты(кроме пожалуй нишевого index) не пользуются большим спросом и они их закрывают.... Но звучит очень круто, если цена потолок не пробьет-можно брать. (Proton ещё настораживает)
The VO mix in this vid is distracting. Might be the mic?  The product is cool though. I'm interested in this.
Yo HOHoHo, lets go retro baby! It’s time to set sail boys!
Who wants windows, Linux FTW
sooo, wait. ...World of Warcraft on  this Handheld PC is possible?
But can it run Crysis⁉️
But can it play Java minecraft with Shaders? Or RTX on bedrock at 60FPS and more
So, a handheld steam console that functions as a micro computer with zero boundaries, modding capabilities, the potential to emulate more nintendo IPs than the switch is even capable of running, and allows you to run whatever OS you want?  Sign me up.
why is not showing them playing the more power heavy games on the handheld
But can it run Crysis
Welp, here we go again, let the checkout olympics begin.
Looks like we may be getting an update to big picture mode
Can it play dota 2
Shut up and take my money from india
take my money!
Sounds great but what sort of performance are we talking about here???
The Switch OLED is useless.
It's as big as the Sega game gear. Lol hopefully it has a better battery life.
The only use for this is a portable pc and thats just a laptop
Guys. Steam games are the only games you can play on this. Is that really worth $300?
6:00 the game name ?
Cant wait for this
hell yes! another console no one can buy! yaaasssssss!
Perfect work around to not having to buy an Xbox to play Starfield, Elder Scrolls or Fallout.   Thanks Valve!
Too bad it doesn’t output on tv
Hopefully someone could figure out how to run xcloud onto that.
so they not gonna told us about the battery life? that kinda sus.
nice
Nintendo is f**king up, I've never loved and hated a video game company so dearly. But as a pc owner this is pretty rad.
Even more Money and less reason for them to ever release hl3 lmao
The console is too big to carry, the screen is poor, it seems to have 30hdz, who needs a touch pad if the screen is touched, looks very poor and the benefits of this product will not bring.
Can we play cracked games
Nintendo didn't make the Switch Pro...   so Valve did.
looks promising, however considering the power it has and the lack of info about the battery , is an easy guess that it doesnt last long and if it cost almost the same as a PS5 it seems like another commercial failure like the vita at hand
Let's see if GTA RP work in this steam deck
I'm going to be broke this will be the first time trying pc. Dose any one have advice for me
With these specs and price tag, they are not going to make much. But they basically want to pave a new category.
oh yeah not spending money on anything else at all to save up to this.
Show red dead or gta or doom on it there only showing certain games ?!?
Mods
is the screen OLED though 😏
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Buy this and play switch emulator. Heeheheeee
maybe this means game devs will finally start supporting linux
1:58 👀 You could see the criticism on that guys face staring at him.
Finaly, Switch PRO
So will it run the new Halo?
IMAGINE PLAYING DARK SOULS 3 ON THE GO
Man’s looks like old school elon
Remember the Steam Box and its new and revolutionary controller with haptic feedback? Or the Nvidia Shield? Yeah me either...
looks heavy im gonna have issues using that after 10 minutes
Looks awesome
But can it run Crysis
Getting it asap  EDIT: Gonna be playing those playstation games now ;)
Say goodbye to your wrists and say hello to carpal tunnel.
Imitación barata del Nintendo switch... Eso es una porquería completa... 💩💩💩😂😂😂
Switch Pro
switch will be dead after this lol
Can it play RTS games like starcraft 2?
nintendo: it might be portable, but does the screen oled?!! /(⁰0⁰)/
Rtx ?? It already runs better than my pc
This looks promising. I'll probably wait for the Steam deck OLED.
I`m expecting PCs to go the same route - a single miniature portable box.
Yeah but can you take off the controllers though?
Valve really like to play with some techs and toys
Looks like they're making a bootlegged Switch!
Considering they're all full blown pc games, 64gb isn't going to cut it. You can't even download doom eternal with that storage.
Goodbye Nintendo switch!
Nintendo chickened out on the switch pro and now they got outmaneuvered. Way to go.  Gonna be seeing everyone emulating botw2 on the steam deck at better performance. What a world.
PLEASE DO NOT COUNTER-STRIKE
Really wish people would stop calling these portable mini PCs with controllers. "Switch Like" The only thing they have in common with a switch is their portability and video out ports. They are much more like traditional handhelds such as gameboys, game gear, PSP/Vita.  Switch can pop off the controllers and be used as a small screen. those controllers also have motion control support as well as being two separate controllers themselves that can be used for local-multiplayer games.  It's lazy journalism taking whatever popular portable thing there is and saying it copies that.
Can it run cyberpunk tho ?
Nintendo going down ..
Some underwhelming specs, especially regarding storage.  Spend a little bit more and get much more for your money with an Aya Neo or One Player in my humble opinion.
It need to have a touchscreen
4:25 game name please
As someone who has RSI and shouldn't be behind a mouse and keyboard, this machine is looking great so far
nice, scalpers might lose interest on ps5.. hehe boi
Is it just me, or is this the perfect product for getting all of our console die-hard friends to transition to see the light of PC gaming? You can even technically have windows on here and play any future xbox games ...
Well, there is finaly my Switch pro. Thank you!!!
oooh one more thing to look forward to being sold out.
Is Nintendo sweating right now? they should. Thats what you get Nintendo when you sleep to long.
This is the future. 💖
Will it allow be play?
Looks like a Game Gear
Теперь можно играть в Sekiro и на туалете, и всё будет отлично
There are PC handhelds like the Onexplayer that will go for $900+ as an early bird price but will retail for $1150+. This is actually quite a bargain. Too bad once it's released, you won't find one for 2 years. An eBay scalper's product.
So you can get Game Pass on this?
Install Cemu, Citra and Yuzu on it have fun with the possibilities
Try play FIFA
Seems interesting
Is the Steam OS Windows based now instead of Linux?  Because Control and Doom Eternal are both Windows only yet this device can run them.
can't wait to see how boneworks runs on this
Gamers: “YES! Finally a portable gaming PC! Can’t wait to grab one for myself this holiday season!” Scalpers: “Hmmm. Interesting”
The games for this is going to be epic
Looks really cool. How about Discord? Will it be usable on the device while running a game?
Specs?
*throws away gaming pc and grabs a cold beer.
Switch: who are you?     Steam Deck: I'm you but Stronger!
Lmao here in Europe costs 500$/650$/800$, how about no
Cant wait to run games from the epic store....dont slap me pls
Can you plug this into a TV?
So this is what the switch would be if it hit the gym 5 days a week, and juiced up every other day.  If this thing is marketed properly, this will be huge.
honestly what are you going to do with 64gb? Thats basically a joke.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
I'd probably only play indies or older titles on it. Still, this is tempting.
How much will this be looks like it will be super expensive
Interesting...Valve releases "3" different versions, so they can count that high
The Switch Pro that people wanted.
Yo Steam drop the black borders on the screen stretch it all the way tot he edges.
Take my money
how is it supposed to tun all steam games if only a small portion runs on linux? Emulation?
I’m glad there is more competition for nintendo but this design is too big and cumbersome.
Looks like the desktop is KDE based
Thanks Gabe and Valve for that.
possibly a dumb question but can we install xbox gamepass PC on that thing?
This keyboard is more powerful than my pc
This is great. This is what the PSVita was meant to be, and the Switch wished it was.
Nintendo's OLED model was the best marketing for this thing lmao
нинтендо:наконец-то достойный противник, наша битва будет легендарной
Can’t wait to play phantasy star online 2 new Genesis on this 👀
64 gb version is a joke imo
Everyone:  We want Switch Pro Nintendo: Switch OLED Everyone:  Valve: Fine I'll do it myself
Can it run world of warcraft??
Can you play the MMO's on them? Neverwinter, final fantasy etc?
Will you be able to play Team Fortress 2 on it
Cool an actual switch pro
Can we do Xbox game pass on this?
this guys voice hurts my ears!
Imagine playing RPCS3 and CEMU, Yuzu on it.. Holy Ultima..
Game Gear: "Son???"
Go go valve!!! please do your plan!!
Steam just destroyed GPD, AYA NEO, and ONEXPLAYER.
Lol. Nintendo is quaking
this is definitely awesome.
Holy crap, this is only $50 more than a Switch OLED 🥴🥴
would have been nice to have a 1TB version
Can't wait to play tf2
Handhelds are dead. And for $400 🤢 you'd be better off getting the digital ps5
Well nintendo, back to the drawing board.
Does this one have OLED display?
Should have called it the Switch Pro 😂
Christmas looking nice
this thing looks sick
But..but the Switch has OLED! 😂
I’m sold on this product TAKE MY MONEY VALVE😭
OK, the fact you can connect it to a big screen sells it for me!
720p in 2021 lol. They should've just partnered with NVIDIA so they can use DLSS and get more fps on demanding games
Thats what she said
Wow Valve is so nice since Nintendo didn’t want to release a Switch Pro valve did it instead with a free online 😌
You know they might actually release another half life game exclusive to this platform, they did the same with their VR
nah👎
The next "Out Of Stock"  item has been revealed
Thx VALVe. <3 Gabe.
The TRUE Switch Pro
But can it run Rust though?
Can you connect other controllers via Bluetooth and play multilayers games?
I'll come back in a year and see if the project is still alive, lol
Linux
Waht about gamepass? Does ot work on it?
Yessss🔥🔥
This will sell like crazy
Little on the weak side for gpu strength but it's a handheld so you can't expect much
This looks so COOOL!
Noice! I'm down.
Impressive,  what will Nintendo do?
can't believe valve is making the switch pro
Xbox XYAB, PlayStation L1L2R1R2 and the Steam name front and back. This thing has no clue what it wants to be...
A Zen 2 QuadCore puts this roughy at about a Ryzen 3400 APU or thereabouts. That’s a bit weak ngl
So my dream came true.
I'm intrigued -- but damn that thing is huge.
2 tflops, 720p gaming, non-upgradable APU. It's every compromise you hope to avoid with PC gaming, but also chunky looking AF. Why pursue next-gen performance when you can buy a weird last-gen handheld. Yikes lol
Wait...does this mean The master chief collection is portable now?!
*Nintendo Switch:* A worthy opponent! Our battle will be legendary!
Is it compatible with VR?
What about the battery life, though?
the charging port is on top? well well well...
Nintendo switch oled pre-order cancel
why?? When you have a PC, this is useless. you'll say " we can bring it everywhere " Hoooooooo OK Like PS VITA? PSP?  switch work fine because of the games not bcuz of the hardware
What about battery life?
Can It support pcvr tho?
at first glance this is supercool
developers on suicide watch, scrambling to implement controller support for games released 10+ years ago
Gonna flop….
But can it run cyberpunk 🧐
Half Life: Deck confirmed
Where's the OLED model?
Impressive for sure, but what about NOISE ? It's not like it will be cool and quiet under heavy load...
"You can install anything." Like a switch emulator?
They forgot to mention that underneath the rear panel on each side houses 3 AA batteries for a total of 6 batteries to power your handheld experience.
Im really boutta play halo reach handheld
The worst part about it so far is that when you google Steam Deck, it thinks you want the stream deck.
Ladies and gentlemen this is your half life 3
if the dock can support external GPU and SSD it will be the best.
Damn, a powerful Switch? Yes please.
starting at 399, what a steal, zen2 + 8CU RDNA2 + 16GB of LPDDR5 RAM valve is getting serious with this.
does it support eGPU?
Surely Steam would had a name that isn’t deck on the list they could of use.
Лучше бы сделали диски аликс, не позорьтесь
Okay cool but where's half lyfe 3
Cant wait to emulate my old PSP games in it.
Параша
Finally nintendo has competitor.
Were discs alyx?
This... this looks interesting.
Seems decent, imagine the possibilities xcloud, emulators etc, just shows how much Nintendo cheaped out on the switch oled
Enjoy your life fellas!! You are not born in f*** IRAN.😭
No real Switch Pro announced Gabe Thanos Newell: Fine! I'll do it myself
It's too big for handheld
can it run blizzard and origin games well too?
I’ll pass on this
This is cool af
Definitely getting this.
Wow so this is the future of gaming. Pretty impressive
Can it run Dota 2 tho? On hand held mode?
so it can really run cyberpunk 2077 ?
64 gig model?  Whats even the point
BuT DoES iT hAve OLED???
Is 64gb even close to be a valid option in 2021? That's like half a GTA V.
can anyone tell me what game he is playing on 4:29
Finally the handheld market looks like it’s starting to grow again. Patiently waiting for a Playstation portable 👀
Can’t wait to run cyberpunk on this
Valve PLEASEEE take my money
Is this thing loud under load? No one said about that.
Imagine doing VR on this, no more cable problems
What's better, this or GPD Win 2?
Battery life will be its make-or-break.
3:08 under the chood
When will it be released?
This is the real next gen experience. Steam Deck is the perfect Game Pass machine
Start 64gb is questionable, but at least there’s more options for people who’d want to play war zones or Red Dead
The ultimate emulation hardware.
This looks amazing!! 🤩 I have been hoping for Steam to make something like this for years! Thank you Steam for finally making this!
Would this be able to play vr games like half life alyx, with a oculus quest?
$649 no thanks
1280 screen? Come on, who plays lower than 1920 in 2021?
Looks like a layout clusterfuck, stop trying to force people to use shitty trackpads valve. It's as horrendous as the Wii U gamepad
thats just a Switch modeled as a Gamegear.... and in a couple of years it will be outdated for new games and just be an emulation and indie machine...
Definitely getting this
Nintendo must be shaking in their boots right now, especially after the disappointing OLED reveal.
Will it run Undefeated though
This is very interesting
04:24 What game is it?
Bye bye Nintendo!
When is it coming to all the world after december?
That thing is hideous
Oh there's my switch pro right here 😎  Day one buy💯
that handheld is powerful than my PC  T_T
Ooof, the bezels. Otherwise…kinda compelling?
who needs a laptop when you can have this,selling my school laptop and buy this  instead
Can it play dota 2 though?
As soon as possible, I'll get it! But don't get me wrong: it looks like the next big gaming failure.
wow
Dota 2 in car 🚗
What is the running Operating system.
Por fin le salió competencia a esto pendejos de nintendo por 400$ es un precio raso razonable veremos si siguen vendiendo ports y roms de Wii por 60$
More than a portable console I'm gonna treat this as an affordable pre-built gaming PC  Can't wait for it
It's difficult to concentrate on the hardware :)
Now you can play nekopara in your toilet
Does this work with Dota?
I'll get one and install epic games and battlenet.
why the guy on the right look like bald Elon Musk? 😳
This is only 50 dollars more than the switch pled. At this point I’m just getting this.
Soooo much better than the Switch and that laughable OLED model
1993 and 2007 called me they want their design back
Wow! Still  waiting on my Aya Neo but this looks pretty awesome.
О ХУ ЕТЬ
half life 3 steam deck exclusive
Fatigue and cramping would really affect the enjoyment of a handheld. Looks like they tried to make it closer to a typical controller at least
woah
That's basically Xbox series S handheld
Quick, someone check if LowSpecGamer is still OK after this 😂
hopefully this will give the switch some competition
Imagine playing persona 5 on this. Even if they don't release it on PC this will be able to emulate it pretty well
Can it play FFXIV?
Crap
Poggers
Will gamepass and EGS be accessible
pogchamp
“handheld gaming pc” just say console you spoiled fuckers
this is great more competition the better! mousepad and gyro controls... this is the future of handhelds and console gaming why isn't this the norm for 2021 modern tech.  this what the switch should of been from... def a buy from me
Oh wow Nintendo Switch PC Edition    Pretty cool tho
Lol 64gb ? So u can download one game at a time. COD players dont even think about it
What about cooling system
Imagine playing dota 2 here lol
Day One
6:11 WHAT ARE THOSE? Wool shoes or something?
This is the future of gaming, theres a MASSIVE market for this product, ive never owned a gaming pc this will be my first.
This dope asf
So basically you have to buy the most expensive one if you wanna actually game. Also, question for way smarter people, is 2 teraflops kinda weak for a device meant to run current AAA titles?
Meanwhile on smachz..
Vou jogar gta sandros fora do paustation 2
TAKE MY MONEY
Should have removed the track pads to make it a bit smaller
That's a massive deck.
This is not gonna sell well. Outside of Nintendo, these other companies just don't get it, most "hardcore gamers" are not into the "portable experience" (Diablo Immortal, anyone?), And casual gamers are not about to drop that kinda cash on a stripped down gaming laptop to play minecraft, candy crush, free fire, and such.
imagine emulating switch on this device
Lol
Nintendo leaves the chat
Can you play dota 2 ?
This is going to be dope for emulation.
I’ll wait for the inevitable pro version
I’m so hype for this
They actually made the Switch PRO
is dota 2 gonna be playable here?
Take Notes NINTENDO!!! This is what Switch pro should be!!!
Hope those borders around the screen are shrinked or the screen itself gets bigger but other than that I'm pretty much sold ❤️
It looks like a Sega nomad
Who’s the Yakuza on the couch just staring and not saying a word the entire video?
So this is the Gaming-PC equivalent of the Switch-console. One is a gaming pc, the other is a console. Both are handhelds.
No one was expecting this
Usually handheld consoles don't have the perfect controls for first person games.
I'll make you guys a deal: I'll trade you one useless Steam controller for this. Even trade.
0:06 - souds like d(i think thats was bad idea using deck for a new brand)ick.
Hopefully it’ll run terraria well, unlike the switch
Finally the new Switch Pro
Why not a edge to edge display? Its 2021 ffs
Where's the indents for your thumbs?
but, can it run RDR2?
Better than the switch?
What about temeperatures and time of remote working?
My main complaint is that since most games on steam require internet, a handheld steam device is mostly useless. Sure, there are a few games you can play, but a lot of games on steam aren’t even playable if you’re out and about
The guy at the right is nervous af 😂 he's literally sweating
These guys really need a product designer or go Full arm processing like macbook
Can you connect diff controllers to it like ds4 or switch pro?
Full charge.. play 10 min.. battery low 10% .. pls charge boy
Bots don’t take this away from me!!!!
64gb storage? You can only install like one triple A game
Inspired by Nintendo Switch
Its not big enough.
This is so cool. Can it play FF XIV too?
Link to product ?
Valve trolling Nintendo hard with this one to announce the day of OLED preorders
bulky
Nintendo is shaking in their boots over this beast of a beauty
$400 Nintendo going to have to step up there game!
Feels like dream came true ❤️
Kiedy premiera?
Looks amazing, Switch like handheld with PC like perfomance
Looks like they finally made a Game Gear 2
Well this will go down in flames and disappear
2:00 duuuude, that's early version of Elon Musk!
The Steam controller was mediocre at best but this looks cool.
$400, I'll wait for the fire sale just like with the steam link console and controllers
this is awsome
What happened to the Alienware ufo?
Poggers! What a PC handheld beast! And for a reasonable price as well! Hope it sells or we won't get Half Life 3.
This looks like a switch prototype
imagine playing yuzu on this
Give me
why did they even make 64gb version? install 1 game and you'r done?
The PC Switch made by Valve… Nice
Gamepass on the go woooo
judging by the sale numbers from Nintendo's Switch it's no wonder competition is on it's way. Strange that they didn't touch on battery life of the unit (
It's Huge!!!!
Did it run cyberpunk 😂
Seeing how Steambox and the steam controller went I'll probably wait for a 2nd iteration to see how much they support the system and how well it performs over time.
D-pad and sticks are so far…
The Switch Pro we wanted
So their Hardware investment instead of games was worth it at all.
nintendo switch killer??
Do it. Make it happen.
This is everything the new switch should have been 😂. This is the future of gaming 👌
Everythings going to become smaller and portable
I'd buy this.
Wow, it's shockingly affordable. This is great competition against Nintendo. Will probably consider picking it up and making it my main emulation device.
If steam deck becomes the next big thing, imagine what would happen if emulators like yuzu or ryujinx becomes better over time
2 teraflops!!! better than a ps4 !!!! i'm freaking out
so hype on this
Ngl I've been wanting to switch to pc for the longest time might get this a love child between handheld and PC
TAKE MY MONEY NOW!!!
those bezels tho
This more interesting than the oled switch and it’s bout the same price
My poor wallet.
If only the screen was a bigger
Can it play crysis🤔
yeah....take my money
GMOD ON THE GO??? HYPE
Nice game gear
wait what can play death stranding?
My investment for tons of games on my Steam was never a waste better now because of this Nintendo Rival. (Edited to respect some people's opinions)
bye bye nintendo oled
steam boy steam boy steam boy
This device will flop before it launches.
64 GB. Really.
Selling my switch as we speak
This looks awesome
Imagine there will be no more joystick just use precision trackpad that would be amazing
SIGN ME UP!!!
We'll finally run all the emulators we like lol
When we can play big games like GTA 5 and Cold war come back to us
Looks like an Atari Lynx
time to put your shhh together eh nintendo?
cant wait for the steam deck pro
Everyone: Will there ever be a half life 3? Valve: have a switch with steam installed
Came for the Steam Deck, stayed for the host.
this is going to be an emulation beast 😳
Goodbye Nintendo Oled switch. Hello Steam portable gaming!
The real Switch Pro everyone was waiting for.
Dota 2 mobile
not sure if it's the camera but the screen quality looks awful and what's up with those massive bezels?
Say goodnight gpd win and every other PC handheld, this won't affect switch though, the switch is about 1st party software, I'd love to have this alongside my switch
Can it run windows 11 tho?
But could you dual boot windows to play games like valorant
Ебать, хочу, все собираемся на похороны Нинтендо.
1980's called, they want their thingamajig back
Why they don't spent  developing time  working on half life 3 instead?
دكتور بليتز
NINTENDO CEO rn : where my stonks???
Who will buy switch oled and leave this 😂😂😂 nintendo you must learn
Clamshell design with flip up screen? Naw, fam. We making this handheld a footlong
This sounds very very interesting!!
Is this stronger than the series s?
This is the price Nintendo pays for not improving their console and dripfeeding content.
Imagine the hacking possibilites.
so this is the real "Switch PRO"
The GPD office is on fire right now
Does this technically mean you could have GamePass on the go?
finally we can now play half life 3 on the go!
Velve should have called it "Half Life 3".
Oh my G*d!!!
Emphasis on the fact that it's compatible with the steam Workshop. That's amazing
Doesn't this mean xbox and playstation games are now portable? Sign me up
Nintendo punching air right now..
What’s up with the button placement
Switch is gonna get killed,hurray
but..can it run crysis?
Dwarf Fortress on the go.
Guys don't buy it at launch .Wait for steam sales
But can you play FiveM on it?
My wallet is pissed
Looks like a knock off Nintendo switch. But still looks cool.
switch dead
What
Do we have a date on this?
my only concern is what happens when the sticks wear out. can the controllers be replaced?
Why are the thumb sticks so high on the unit???
Can you play factorio on it  Edit: nvm that’s sick
Death stranding handeld ? Take my money !
I'm so hyped!!!!!!!
First the switch oled now this?
Nintendo is officially dead
For $50 more than an OLED swich and has better specs lol
Bo looks like straight to DVD Nathan Drake.
""""" *LET'S PRAY FOR THOSE CHILDREN WHO DOESN'T HAVE THEIR PARENTS THEY ARE REAL LEGEND* """""" 💚❤💜💙🧡💛💚❤
Switch pro with no switch or pro
This will fail
Can it play Witcher 3?
What are the stats for this ?
First it was ps vida, then it was Nintendo , now it's a freaking gaming pc as an handheld. What's next? A handheld version on the xbox!?!
Switch but better
The design could’ve been better
Cant wait to buy it
He has massive hands and it still looks big
Is this the switch pro?
Will it be able to play among us ? Or Is it too next gen at the moment?
Wtf
it is the switch pro
Its a switch... Just say it
"and this, is the ssssswwwwssteam deck"
Will it be purchasable with steam balance??
So this exists
Are they still making steam machines?
The valve switch
first
Steam switch
Wow!
Oh wow that was quick
First
