Subscribe to the Waterjet Channel: https://www.youtube.com/c/WaterjetChannel Watch the Waterjet Channel cut a CRT TV in half, per Adam's request: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVuDkvKqLEk Adam Savage Takes the Aluminum Foil Ball Challenge: https://youtu.be/q_YZX1SgZ5Y
Did the ball float in water?
dood you can put them on your girl friend
It's not tin foil if it's made of aluminum. It would be a far stretch to find any actual tin foil these days.
Now see if you can weld the aluminum foil ball back together
Savage Adam just made tin foil titties.
For Pete's sake, stop calling it TIN foil one second and ALUMINUM foil the next. Tin and aluminum are elements and are NOT the same thing. Very disappointed, expected a little more from you.
how much of that surface was created by the waterjet cutting itself?
I’m so curious what would happen if you were to hammer the layers as you made the ball to minimize the air in the center. Would that even work?
What if you pounded every couple of layers of foil from the very beginning
Okay
Should see me cutting belted tires for shoe blanks on a chop saw. Its insane how many times a day i check   to see if all my fingers are still attached. Im as surprised as it gets that i still have them all.
Who did you pay to beat the hell out of the ball with the hammer?
Wow, that was dangerous... trying to cut an aluminum sphere, without any sort of fixture, without lubrication, on a bandsaw with a steel blade.  It's a good way to lose some fingers.  Galling and sticking between the aluminum and steel blade is guaranteed.
If you get the volume of that original roll and convert into a shpere to determine its diameter then you would likely know there's no more pocket of air left. Also, need to compress that ball after few wrapping to lessen those spring back effect.
It`s so ridiculous, in a Savage`s big garage there is no cutter for aluminum foil ball!
It’s sand
These 2 next to eacother looks like my sisters @$$
Would you get similar results if you used gold leaf?
That's really awesome!
Make a copper foil ball
Did he ever end up polishing it?
Oh, it seems like I've already watched and commented on this.
"200 feet of tin foil..."  Come on, Adam, tin or aluminium? Which is it? It's not an alloy just because it's industrial, is it?
Hmm, I wonder what it would've been like to try to cut this ball on a table saw, chop saw, or radial-arm saw! 🔮🪚💀
Why weren't you wearing gloves while holding the ball against a saw, Adam?
"Industrial tin foil, Adam? You're sure it's not actually _aluminium_ like you've said in your title?
6:20 That clacking reminded my of the Monty Python coconut horse
so, he didn't sand it?
should have used wire EDM?
i love this. ive watched every episode of myth busters & i adore you adam❤you have a spark & a true love for science & it makes me so happy to see as a fan from the beginning.
I just watched the initial video yesterday. Yes, I'm slow to find new, cool videos. And I HAD to know what the inside looked like. You're awesome, Adam!
Did you ever sand and polish?
That ore has been smelted
Does it make Clip clop sounds like coconut shells?
👍👍
Encase it in plastic.
Planetary conglomeration?
Awesome to see the conclusion of that project.
Would be very curious to know the relative densities of the sphere versus the original roll. I suspect that there might be LESS air between the layers of the roll than was found in the sphere. So, it is possible that all that hammering didn’t increase the density of the aluminum object (not counting the air inside the tube around which the roll was wrapped).
Can you turn it into a bowl and eat out of it? Is it safe?
It’s called Aluminium
250sq ft... not 200sq ft... First video, you held up the box showing the 250. But awesome job nevertheless!. Good Job!  Way to get Savage on that thing!
I cant shake the thought that the internal structure of the Tin foil ball is analagous to the internal structure of planet earth.
Dude.....c'mon man get it straight.....it was a 250 foot roll of foil not 200 feet.
i wonder what would happen if you put that ball into a vacuum chamber every 20 feet of aluminum foil as you were creating your ball. Any thoughts?
Now you are my kinda guy! Instant subscribe.
Thank you for this, the other video gave me blue balls hard
Absolutely brilliant. Reminds me of poor quality aluminium casting they had at a foundy I worked in that had masses of porosity in them.
You're awesome! I used to watch Myth busters. One of my favorite shows. 😊
I have 2 9f these  tinfoil ball's made from the tinfoil I had covering my lunch, both are solid from start and are big like cricket ball's, I was going for a bowling ball but it was to much to roll on the canteen table
Now unfold the ball back into its foil parts.
Adam, I watch you as a kid on Myth Busters from day 1. I'm so glad to see your still doing crazy stuff!
looks like same cut as pryamid stone
It's silica sand, and in several different  coarseness.  They typicall run About 50k psi. There is also straight water cutting without abrasives for use on rubbers and plastic.
Now make it back into foil.
Water jet uses garnet sand to cut.
I sear his glasses make him de-age 20 years
Do you reckon a cast saw would have worked maybe? Like the ones that don’t cut skin, only the plaster; the cast saw doesn’t spin, it goes back and forth, so it wouldn’t grab it so much.  This is undoubtedly a cleaner cut, but I would love to know if a cast saw would have worked too?!
I am the 100000th like
04:57   DOG
wasn't it 250 ft?  I know, who cares.  But just sayin'
looks like breadfruit
Aluminum horse coconuts?
I’m so happy to have found this channel.  My Mythbuster drought is over!!!! I’ve been watching Mythbusters since the start and was grieved to see its end on network Tv.
I tried they same thing in a vice over a period of months. Still couldn't achieve the density.
Suggestion for a future project: step 1: make a ball in similar way to how you've done (but I would suggest using thinner strips of foil so it's more like winding a ball of yarn). step 2: pound, shape, etc. to your heart's content, 3: smooth and seal the outer layer, 4: send it down to the bottom of the ocean, 5: retrieve it from the bottom of the ocean, 6: cut in half
He needs to get the hydraulic press channel to help compact the next one and rotate it to try and compress it as much as possible before shaping
I think you could have cut it with the first machine you used, just find another way to hold the ball without your hands touching it and being in danger. I can think of a few.
Please sand and polish please!
bro, i enjoi your content. Thank you for keeping interesting information alive on the tube! Mike
0:22 it was 250ft foil
Just for shits and giggles, why don’t you measure the ball’s final density?  Measure the volume.  Then put it in a tank of water with some jet dry.  Bubbles float out, water seeps in, and you can calculate the ball’s average density, right?
Electric discharge machine!
Most waterjet cutters I have encountered used crushed garnet as the abrasive in the jet
About how much of the roll do you think makes up that dense outer layer?  Can anyone tell me?
Do a paper towel ball or newspaper ball next time!
Did you sand and polish?
=D
yeah
2:52 so how long have you two known each other
You’re talking about tin. You’re talking about aluminium. I got no idea what you’re talking about.
The terminology is a bit confusing, as I understand it, the foil is made of aluminum, yet it is refered to as "tin foil"?
even without the grit in a waterjet it will cut your fingers off
The water jet was probably the best choice, but if you wanted to do it there, if you use something with teeth they grab, but they cut stones with a thin grinding wheel and is far more difficult to harm yourself, not impossible, but more difficult.
Adam is not the same without jamie. And well jamie is not there without adam
I kept wanting you to wet a half with water so we could see what it looks like better.
Did you sand and polish the cutting surface of one of the halfs? 🎩
Next challenge: unravel it back into a sheet of aluminium foil (or two sheets, I guess)
Adam did you ever just hammer the inside of one half into a candy bowl?
did he ever sand and  polish it
Here cuz I need to see the chronicles on Adam trying to cut the ball in half
Aluminum foil.  Argh.  Chop saw would have worked because it melts. not saws
adams the coolest nerd you will ever meet
Split it with your fingernail.! It works when you open a kit kat.
How would an electric pulse move through that material is what is most interesting to me. All of the density being on the outside in a variegated core would make for an interesting electromagnetic effect.
Should lap the cut surface
Cut to the chase 3:11
5:22 for cutting granite they use 80 mesh garnit
Now dunk it in mercury.
Banana Republic folks
Cantaloupe for a robot
foiled again!
please put one in a pressure or vacuum chamber i want to see what would happen since there is air pockets in the middle!
Thanks for the follow up.
Why didnt you just send a roughing endmill through the center of it?
He should've tried a sledge hammer!
i wanted to see so bad if they would float! :)
It would have been cool to see what happens when you put it in a vacuum chamber
That tongue 😊
Hard to semi-hard Wax is best I've used in my 40 years of welding and cutting aluminum. I used to use porter cable lube wax, but I have changed to natural bee's wax from a local honey farmer (love the smell when cutting). It keeps the blades teeth from loading up when cutting soft/sticky metals, the higher the TPI the better from band saws to metal cutting circular saws.
I think water jets use micro diamonds or ruby/sapphire sand
Interesting how similar it is to a planet
A simple wood jig is what common sense tells me, but a water jet is what the clickbait sense tells me
it looks like a bone section of a mammal bone
garnet
You've got two empty halves of coconut and you're bangin' 'em together.
I just love his energy. There’s nothing manufactured about this video. It’s just a man excited about his aluminium foil ball.
Looks like pumice.
It sounds like it has lost its sonority. They clacked more like wood than metal.
I think these will float in water
Just the nosle is runy or diamond. Sand is what is in the jet to cut
I would of said electric edm. Doesnt take any material out and you can match it perfectly bwck together. Then water jet would be 2nd
“I really want to sand this and polish this!” Such an Adam Savage thing to say lol.
It's Aluminium Adam! 😂
I came here to see adams shiny ball get cut in half
So very cool Adam I've never seen one cut in half
You should make a pair of ball clackers out of foil.
Oooooo, that half sanded would look so cool!
poor adam still doesn't know the difference between tin and aluminum 😮‍💨
I used epoxy spread on aluminum foil crushed it in wads as a filler for a void that now hold a bolt.
I just found adams channel and I didn’t think I would find another channel that I enjoy as much as brandonfarris but here we are😂
I'm a Mortician and can Honestly Say that Adams forearm tat is One of the BEST ones/ideas yet!
It's crazy how this guy didn't just use his vice and the band saw he was holding. Instead he tried taking his fingers off 30 different ways
The material is crushed rubies. I dated a girl from the American museum of natural history. She brought me to the back and she showed me the water cutting table they have.
I just watched the making of your aluminium ball (yes that's right, aluminium😅  )from tin foil with a surprising amount of interest, I even spilled my bowl of muesli on myself I was so transfixed, then I found the follow up video after it had been cut in half with a water jet, which would have been my first choice as well, I used to work on a bandsaw and I had chills watching you trying to cut it, the thought crossed my mind that given the lower density of the core, would you consider making a bowl out of it?
Whaaaaaaat I had no idea water jets weren’t just spraying water! I always wondered why the tubs were so dirty.
bags of garnet sand sir, depending on the machine and what you're cutting of course.
This man represent our inner child with all the cheat codes enabled.
You could estimate the porosity percentage of the [uncut] ball by measuring its density (weight divided by volume) and dividing by the density of solid aluminum. You could "show" the porosity of the interior by beating into the core of one of the half-balls, gradually turning it into a half of a hollow ball. You could try crushing one half-ball in a multi-ton hydraulic press. (Maybe with a ring around it to keep it from spreading -- press it from a hemisphere into a hockey puck.) To make a denser more-solid ball, start beating on it sooner. The most solidly packed foil is the original roll of prefect foil. To make a dense aluminum rod, re-roll the foil starting from 0 diameter. (You could cheat a little and start with a perfectly straight cylindrical aluminum rod or aluminum wire.)
Put the [uncut] ball under extreme hydraulic pressure, either in a hydrostatic test tank or by letting it ride 10,000 feet down on a submersible. That should slowly and beautifully "implode" it to a near-sphere of smaller diameter. (Complex factors determine its exact shape.) (A tarry coating might help prevent water from leaking into the ball instead of crushing it.) (Extreme hydraulic pressure crushes styrofoam cups into little shotglasses.)
Could you try to take it apart will it fall apart break I gotta know
Such a smart person, yet unable to pronounce aluminium properly
This is W A Y more interesting than I thought it was gonna be. That's fantastic, how much you can learn from such an innocuous thing as this lol
the perfect method would be Wire EDM Cutting
Man cant even spell ALUMIN"I"UM
Start with a tiny ball and keep rolling it, add sheet by sheet. It should pack better.
Garnets
We used walnut hull and silica in our waterjet
Ran a water jet for a few years when I was in the USN and Garnet in sand sized particles is what we used to cut materials with. Be it metal, plexiglass or even wood. Though there are softer materials that can be cut not using nothing more than water because of the intense pressures common out at the nozzle. Ours ran 45,000-55,000 PSI but there are many out there with much higher PSI. 80,000-90,000 PSI of memory serves. Of course that was 20 years ago 😳
Love to see what would happen if the center of that ball was hit with an Al. MIG welder. Was always confused knowing that all the Al. foil that was collected for WWII effort was just junked.
On the one hand I want to see if it can be peeled back apart into its original foil layers. On the other hand I want to see one of these done in the right conditions that would cause the aluminum layers to cold weld to each other.
everything reminds me of her
ok water laser. same thing
Dammit Jamie, you nearly made me spill my beer when you took that to the bandsaw! Never cut anything round in a bandsaw if it isnt tightly secured. I learned the hard way when I tried to cut a 1/2" piece of rod by just holding it with my hands. That sucker started spinning and rolled over my fingers. I call things like that "Wake Up Moments". Dont worry, I still got all ten. :-)
when you clack the halves together they sound wooden to me.
Had to click on your link. To get to this one. I knew there was going to be a part 2. So very cool😊
So..   You probably won't see this on a year old vid...  BUT..  Did you ever make another one??  Did you ever polish one side and see what it looked like??  Inquiring minds must know!
Ok Adam..... you have to do another one. With what you've learned tho, you can do 10 rolls. C'mon man. A one mile ball of aluminum. You have the ability to have  one mile of aluminum foil on a shelf. Im not sure how you will resist cutting THAT one in half as well but. 1 mile ball. Let's see it.
It's been a few years since the first ball was made, and a year since it was cut in half. I wonder if he's considered doing 10 rolls to make a mile long foil ball in the future.
The grit is usually garnet
that looks like a moon rock haha
Makes clippy cloppy sounds with the two halves.    "...on a STEEL horse I ride..."
Truly priceless!  Yep, this appealed to the kid in old me, I have to admit.  I'm no less guilty for I had to watch these episodes all the way through lol...  :)))
The water jet guys really missed their chance, for a laugh I'd have spray painted two halves of a cabbage silver, and sent them a couple days before the real item!
Ok, if you make another Al foil ball, could you do a density before you cut it?
I really want to see the polished aluminum ball
Why bother ?
I cant believe you said I want to sand and polish this and didn't immediately go and sand and polish it, you've changed adam
A casual glance at the thumbnail had me thinking Adam was putting the demon core together in his hands.
still believe this is a flat earther statement.
those water jet lines look a lot like the lines on the pyramids they keep calling primitive saw marks
Isn't tin an alloy of aluminum and some other metal? Copper?  You used aluminum foil.
You should make a smaller one once finished wrap in more foil and finish again. Repeat as many times as your patience will allow.
Those waterjet guys are definitely a cut above the rest.
I would love to see what would happen if you hammered the inside of the ball until all the air was out and it was as compressed as the outside.  How much volume would you lose...?
When I made my aluminum ball (which I only used the foil from cigarette packs, with the paper removed. Of course) Every half inch or 1 inch I would hammer it into a hard ball and then put it between 2 flat boards and roll the ball in between the them until it was perfectly round. If there is a next time, this way you'll achieve the best results.
Love it !
He should make another foil ball just like this one. Them send it to one of those youtube hydronic press channels to carefully compact the ball even tighter. Then cut it in half.
would it float?
Getting some demon core vibes every time he brings the two halves back together.
Please hammer the middle half of the ball with a ball point hammer to create a more solid aluminum plate
wonder what would happen if you put it in a vacuum chamber
The aluminum ball, sliced in half, reminds me of a malted milk ball, sliced in half. Same hard shell, same inner texture.  Flavor may vary. 😂
Diamond blade on quickie saw
Adam’s willingness to lose his fingers for science and curiosity astonishes me every single video.
the sexiest video on the channel
What’s funny is the amount of work it takes to make aluminum foil.
In its essence, you've created an aluminum bone.
Adam finally looks like a mad scientist love it miss mythbusters 😢
Looks like a giant cigar that was turned to stone.
I made one -much smaller but because of the eventual cracks I felt it failed. But now I will do it again.  btw…I am a 72 yr old female …so you are never too old to have fun and learn something.   The way the centre was less compacted than the edges reminded me of the Earth itself and I wondered if it is as it is because the compaction occurred (like the Al ball)…from the outside surface.
Now hammer the middle and boom you got a bowl
6:23 Ridden on a horse? He's got two halves of a tinfoil ball and he's banging them together.
Water jets commonly use garnet abrasive 80 grit.
Gloves...wear good gloves.... fucking real smart guy
We use a special oil when we cut thick aluminum at work
Now do a Monty horse sound.
Aluminium, is how the French inventor of Aluminium spelled it, it's also how he pronounced it, and yet, the USA decided they know better.
Lol I remember when he got his lips sucked into a vacuum cleaner haha
I think I would put one half on a vibrating lap table to polish it up.
Очень хорошо, что ты не порезался, резая это самостоятельно
Know if only you could make another in a vacuum chamber, to reduce the air pockets while forming it.
Kind of seems like the poor mans metallic foam, very cool!
They do use just water on some softer materials so it definitely is part of the cutting force too, just less so on harder materials.
Can someone please explain what the"Ft." in "Ft. Waterjet Channel) means and is for??? I see this more and more on line and have NO idea what it is.
IF you haven't already polished the halves, I'd recommend you only polish one half. That way you can visually compare the two when on display.
I bet you could improve overall density/porosity by starting to compress it even as you add more foil. I don't know whether you like the porosity or not, but I figured I'd mention the idea anyway, in case you wanted to change the end result. Also, as to cutting the ball in half, I bet one of the ' electrical discharge machining' (EDM) channels would love to collaborate and cut one in half for you! Anyway just an idea. Cheers!
You know a hacksaw would have worked
That was frightening footage--I'm glad you sent it away.
It’s like the moon🌕
Hey Adam it’s not tin foil…. It’s aluminium foil🫵
The abrasive material mostly used is called Garnet.
Putting the ball in a hydrologic press ŵould be cool
I love how excited Adam got what he threw off his glasses!
Garnet is used in some water cutters
Now try making a aluminum plate or rectangle using a hydralic hammer.
Now put them in resin.
Alternate caption to the thumbnail: "MOMENTS BEFORE DISASTER. Adam Savage plays with the demon core."
It would be interesting to know what a HPP food pasteurizer would do the foil ball.
the ball in half on his table looks like boobs sitting flat down
This dude is living his best life
They put sand in the water jet
6:24 that caveman look
That looks a lot like bone.
I've been waiting so long to see what the inside would look like! 👏👏👏💃💃
As someone I looked up to for a good part of my life I am still dumb found it that you couldn’t cut it in half with all those tools in your shop my shop teacher in high school would’ve flipped out watching you try to cut it in half sandwich it between two boards cut right through all three the boards are there to hold it because nobody is stronger than a saw I was just thinking it would’ve been cool to get a core sample before cutting it in half I wonder throughout the years how many people Adam and MythBusters have inspired
Adam you would have material for the remaining of YouTube life for videos just of the items you have. I bet you have some cool unique tools that would make  channel itself
How you didn't make horse hoof noises with those two halfs is beyond me.  🤣
I too would like to polish this omg!  I thought this bad boy would have layers like an oger 😅
Amazing that it wasn't full of Helum, Titanum, Calcum, Lithum, Plutonum,  Cadmum, Radum ...
Could you do a video demonstrating the effects of gallium on the ball?
Next ball start with a small aluminum ball bearing for the center.
Try compressing one with shaped charges..
What’s the onlyfans link ?
should try an acid etch to see if any visible rings show up. maybe not the kind that show in Damascus steel, but the kind used to test welding dig.
Polish it!!
Does anybody else think Adam savage is hot af ..
Just FYI, aluminum foil is 3105 alloy.  It's also the same alloy they use for making RVs and Subway cars.  Not to be confused with 3104 which is the alloy used for beverage cans (the sides, not the tops-that's 5182 alloy).
Hope your careful with all that exposure to aluminum dust.  Extremely toxic especially when it makes its way to the brain.
When he makes the second one, he can finally tell people to kiss his shiny aluminum balls.
I wonder if it'd machinable
I can't wait to complete my ones I've been doing using all the aluminium foil that goes out to the paddock in the lunch boxes on the farm over the last 4 years.
I'm so happy this video popped up and I was able to see the reveal after watching the making of the aluminum sphere.
Now make it back into a 200m roll of foil
I’m sorry, forgive me, but what the hell is the point?
Not the demon core
So is the ball made of tin or aluminium? I'm confused...
Water jets use garnets as the medium.
I wonder if putting a new aluminum foil ball in a vacuum would remove the air inside?
I think i was smiling the whole time. Its just frikking aluminium!!! So interesting
When does this poor soul get early onset alzheimers?
6:23 sounds like hardtack
If you retry this project at some point, it'd be interesting to see it cut with wire EDM instead of waterjet. I'm curious how much smoother the cut would be.
You have to use cheap thin foil.
Waterjets usually use garnet as a cutting agent, we run ours with 120 grit but I know most use 80 grit
That was cool
More.aluminum ball content adam please
It looks like cement to me, but clearly doesn't sound like it when he hits the sides together.  I love watching the things Adam makes and teaches us about 👍
What about making an aluminium bar instead of a ball?
make newton balls w aluminum balls
Thank you for your time and compassion good sir!!!!!
So are you saying without the particulate water jets wont cut?
waoooo you did use a water jet...lol...nice ....
Its alot more dence them i suspected
Ah so he finally got it cut open..cool been wanting to see this
the moment they were upside down: everywhere i look something reminds me of her
Crushed garnet is used a lot
I bet you can make ammo from those balls.
Waiting for the 2nd ball 🙄
ever hear of a vise ?
What if you used a power hammer..
I was going to say cast it in resin..
The particulate used in water cutting is usually garnet which is a silicate. Nice video.
Did you try a skip saw band saw
Hydrologic press to compact the inner layers?
Did the ever get the stink out of the vette ?
Omg..until they were clicked together i wasnt even thinking Monty Python and coconut shell hooves. 🐴 🥥
This mini saga just reminds of when Adam and Jamie had to polish balls of #*%! And Adam got frustrated over Jamie using polisher to polish it as opposed to just using their hands. In the end they got though!
Adam you make me smile everything that you literally light up  over some small thing  that  sparks your thought process  thank you !
If you still have these halves and send them to me I will CT them and get you a full volume of the halves.
i have a ball of electrical tape used about 7 rolls of different colors because i got bored one day the thing is solid.
Topaz...#8 on the Mohs scale
I was really hoping to see you gallop around the shop clicking them together like Monty Python...
I’m not invested. You’re invested.
Time to make a new ball yet??
You should sand the halves and then send one back to cut it in half, and continue that infinitum
Cutted in half, they actually look like a female anatomy part that i can't say on youtube...
now weld it together
I love your enthusiasm for learning. I swear there is nothing better than being an adult with a 4 year old's curiosity, most of the time.
Lulz: https://youtu.be/mMvqI9Rw77c
Now unroll it.
Late to comment, I know. Lol. But make another ball by hand, then put it in a vacuum & watch it explode. 😜
Make a ball mode and put in a hydraulic press
it looks and sounds like bone on the cut side... and is it translucent or is that just a glare?
I'd love to see you make a mold of the sphere and then melt the sphere down and cast it into the mold to see what volume of actual aluminum you would end up with and how much air was in the sphere.
I believe the cutting media is garnet, so yes essentially aluminum oxide
I could show you a way this could have been cut with your band saw ! I have cut many things with band saws ! You need to have patience and self control ! I can teach you my methods if you wish !
You should now melt it and see how small the actual aluminum amount is.
An aluminum foil geode.
How to cut your fingers off! Unbelievable how you thought these ideas were sensible!!! Have a think Adam
2:52 Everything reminds me of her
*Sand and Polish Channel has entered the chat.*
Typically water jets use garnet, like really course feeling sand
the forbidden lettuce
Ok. How have i never notice the tattoo on Adam's arm is a ruler. That may be single most brilliant thing ever.
look at me look at me LOOK AT ME narcissist
Should repeat the experiment and cutting, except using a hydraulic press to see how solid you can get the core.
Jetzt weiss ich, was mein nächstes Projekt ist.
I'm sitting there watching Adam make this foil ball thinking "dude is off his rocker", then I realize... I am WATCHING Adam making a foil ball...  Even worse, I had to see what was inside lol
Its just granite.
The first half shown looked like the moon! Makes NO practical sense, I know, but it did. Sink the next one miles deep?
he suckered me again!
Cool update, I'm extremely fascinated by this simple experiment, thank you!
The real test is turning it back to foil
I collected cigarette foils for years in the early 90s and made a ball that is about 4" in diameter.    It would be a mosaic of silvers and golds inside and would be very fun to cut!   It's sitting happily in my nostalic box!
This is a truly amazing video for all of us with OCD, a fully finished task😅, that's how it's done. Thank you
Ooooo...How about an aluminum foil GEODE ball?...intentionally doing something w the inside to see how it'll look cut open. Huh? HUH?!!!! *HUH?!!!!*
Kinda like a geode... Neat!
Aluminium*
Almandine garnet is most commonly use gem in water jet cutting
- It looks like stone on the inside. I assumed it would look like crinkly concentric rings but figured the water-jet might affect it. - 4:24 It's NOT quite aluminium. The foil has a layer of plastic on it, just like a soda can. Put some foil on the burner on the stove and watch as the aluminium glows red and leaves behind a layer of plastic (until that too melts away).
You want to impress me? Unravel it.
Saws All and a vise...im done here losers
Tinfoil not just for hats.....
This is a bit old. But have you thought of  putting that in a 3D X-ray microscope?
Your videos bring me consistent joy. Thanks!
Aluminum is a really soft metal, it sucks when it gums up grinder disc, cut off wheels, etc.
Alright, it's time to wrap it up. Wraps the ball in aluminum foil 😛
Can you measure how much air is stil in there, you know volume density and stuff?
2:56 Nice C-cups 😮
I wonder if you could make a bell if you foil wrap a brass float and the cut it in half pot the brass out and only the hard aluminum is left.
When I first saw the videos of people hammering foil wrap into balls, I thought it was bogus.  Knowing it really works, it’s quite astonishing.
POLISH IT.
Wire EDM would have been amazing.
god damnit. I just watched the first video and said to cut it with a water jet...then this came up. glad to see it
Make a MK2 where you hammer it through out so the center is also solid. Also could use a press to compact it even more. Lets see how dense it can go and how close to a solid aluminum ball you can get
I saw the thumbnail then instantly panicked (demon core talk)
"Thanks for access to your super powerful amazing tool" That's what she said! :D
Not aloooomin um  Its  Al u min i um
Now hydraulic press channel
Why a ball? This is the same technique you see in forging. He should just folded and make a knife out of it
Your lucky that it didn't turn into a blackhole!  Lol
i want to see it get squashed by the hydraulic press.
idk why he couldn't have just used a hack saw and some sort of jig...
Almost looks like you made a replica demon core.
Adam, I  just tried to buy the demerit patches and couldn't find them on the Tested site.
0:50 OMG no no no. Shop teachers everywhere were cringing at that sight!
I wonder if as you hammered you would periodically heat with a torch to remediate work hardening done by the hammer blows.
Video starts at 3:00 .
Peen it into a bowl
Why. Not try copper wire ball that would be interesting
I wonder if they use a water jet to cut the pyramid blocks? But in a primitive way...
So now I want to make one, cut it into discs, then encase each disk in resin to make a stacking set of coasters.
I love how Adam Savage has basically leveraged his previous careers to become a professional crazy-old-man-f***ing-around-in-his-garage.
Yes please polish that, it'd look awesome
What is that lamp with the snake mount he uses? That looks super useful
What is the tensile strength of the aluminum?
The foil wrapping a Hershey kiss is 9um that heavy duty stuff was probably at least 20 not 1 or 2 lol
Where do you buy rolls of tin foil? I haven't seen it since the early 60's.
He really seems like that one cool super brilliant, a little odd, college professor that loved his job and everyone loved him for it
How to make plutonium...
When I saw the thumbnail I thought he was holding a nuclear core🤣🤣
All due respect to the Waterjet Channel guys, the answer here was to use Goldfinger's industrial laser.  The one he almost used to cut James Bond in half lengthwise while bound to a thick slab of gold, balls first.  Obviously, Adam would have access to the original!
A guide trap with the bandsaw would've worked too. You just need to keep it in place while you're pushing it into the blade. Could also add handles to the guide to keep your hands safely away from the blade.
Drives me nuts when people call it "tin foil".  It's ALUMINUM!  I've actually seen and handled tin foil - it's very dense stuff.
So this is how you make Airluminum?
Unboxing at 2:34 thank me later
The only solution is obviously a samurai sword
Maybe I'm just immature (ok, I know I am)... but the moment at 2:59 where Adam has 2 semispheres face up in front of him, and he gently caresses the tip of one saying "it's good to see you"... I won't judge.
This is not how it actually looks on the inside, the water jet made the aluminium move on the surface
I'm sad we didn't get to see it under a microscope
It would be really cool to put some gallium on one of the halfs to see what happens
Please polish it smooth
Powdered garnet
non-organic geode
somehow when I watched the previous vid, I thought the waterjet guys would be fit for the job !
What about other metal foils?  Or trying to make a composite of multiple foils?  Perhaps some with different electrical properties?
Now I wanna see it melted and formed into a sphere that way to compare how different the insides are
Quarz sand is hard and abrasive enough for almost everything. For this ball simple water alone should be enough to cut it. I‘ve cut 1,5mm thick brass sheets with just water at 4000bar and it worked fine.
thats a legit cannon ball bro lmao
A science minded person that talks about pressure as pounds per square inches...
Adam savage Vs the demon core
I'd like to see another but you're in a room without oxygen using a breather. Remove as much oxide as possible, could probably get a cold fusion weld to happen.
"For next video, we will cut the Demon Core in half."
Why are you whiling away your time before the grave doing this stupid shit? Waste of a mind.
#He's'G.O.T'BALL
This is how I wish all YouTube videos were. The way they used to be. Funny, informative, and within a reasonable time without a bunch of fluff. Thank you Adam!
I made a 24-pound foil ball.
I saw the first video at 2am and was too tired to find the second part. Thank the internet gods for bringing it to me on my feed
Damn for a second I thought it was the demon core
Cutting metal with a sawblade seems a idiotic thing to do.  How about a angle grinder with a smooth blade and a lot of speed. If Adam Savage this stupid?
You should make it a model of the demon core
imagine if they sent back a bomb
Hydraulic press it
Adam! Where is your RED hair?!!! Did you give it to the owners of the Mythbusters show as a ransom for yourself? When you want to cut another ball of foil, think about making a electric erosion cutting!
Imagine earths formation being similar to this aluminum foil ball.
Man when you see this in the feed and think "adam opens the demon core" followed by "myth busted".
Use a cutting disc on an angle grinder.
It's mostly corundum in the water
Adam I love your TV but Aloominum? It's correctly pronounced and spelt Aluminium? In English anyway, LOL!!!!!! 😁👍👍👍👍✌️👊🇬🇧🌍.
Next, put it in hydraulic press.
uraf@g
I'm confused. Is it possible aluminium foil or tin foil?
My grandsons are going to love this channel!
Aluminum Ball in space https://youtu.be/xPFqWkUx0NI
savage hates america lied about flat earth
So if there is air in the ball, what would happen if you put it in a vacuum chamber and then sucked all the air out?
There is a truck beeping were I am at the exact moment I watched this.
Im surprised to see any of it was so compressed. Parts of it look like solid metal!
Garnet is the most common waterjet abrasive.
Adam savage is such a cool dude
All you had to do, wax it and encapsulate it in epoxy with a rectangular form and then use a band saw.
Maybe they can be used as implants
Chop saw never came to mind?
Mkay
Reminds me of metal slag on the inside.
Looks like lunch meat.
I cut a golf ball in half with a hack saw when I was 8.. I was curious. Turns out it was a waste of time.. just saying
Sand and polish one half.
A lot of water jets use garnet for the abrasive
Need to take it to demolishion ranch to Matt.
MELT. IT. DOWN.
Recall a dentist who did hand hammered Gold leaf inlays.
Of course, that's what the ball would look like under those pressures. Now imagine the pressure it would take to make it a solid ball. Would it become a solid aluminum ball, or would something else happen first...
Now you can make a female Tinman! 🤣
Why didn't you have them video the water cut.  That would have probably been the most interesting part of the process?
I literally don't understand what the point of all this is. Please let me know OK??
This is just asking for a Demon Core diorama.
Interesting as those lines are also found in ancient stones that have been cut and people do not know how, other than a chisel and hammer??
Totally geeked out over an aluminum foil ball.
Could it be unfolded from here?
If you get the ball back and it feels significantly heavier, whatever you do don't join the halves.
It was 250 feet of foil.
Now we know how the moon was made.
Melt it down and find out how much we are getting scammed on aluminum* (British accent) foil.
I wonder how the water jet impacts the faces of the halves like would they look different if cut by another means.
You needed a jig to maintain slow control over the cutting process. You would have gotten it. I am NORM
I can appreciate you ruler on your arm but depending on the day and angle angle
I was thinking,  wire EDM .....
It looks a little like the Moon
You just opened a mini-planet. Lol  Very interesting!
Why do you keeps referring to the material as “tin” foil? It’s aluminum. You did this in the original video and again in this video.
So much more dense and packed than I ever would’ve thought. I had a picture in my head already. I was so off. Ha!  Thanks for the fun.
Make your new one, please:)
I ligit crave your videos ❤❤❤❤❤❤
make another ball using a hydraulic press
I want to see it melted down and see the yield of aluminum before vs after
I work in a machine shop. We use crushed granite for our water jet.
Adam is so cool man
What would happen if you put half of it into a vacuum chamber since there's so much air in it?
Your beautiful ball is ruined! 👎 ... I don't see how that's good? 🤔
Chatoyance!
Hammer it back together
I work for a granite counter top company are water jets use garlan
Maybe it’s an interesting idea when you make the 2nd ball to coat one side with a slow hardening epoxy glue which takes more than 24 hours to harden which give you time to make the ball. Could be a very sticky job. But it Would be very interesting what the properties with be, could it become more strong than the same aluminum but than as a solid. 🤔
Holding onto two plungers on each side, let the ball spin as the blade cuts 'n spins the ball.  It will cut through.
As soon as I saw it cut in half I imagined that you would polish it. I'm sure it would bring out the "beauty" and intricacy of the piece. It'd make a cool mantle piece if placed on a stand with the flat side facing out.
Love these videos from Adam his energy cracks me up. I loved Myth busters it always blew my mind these guy's had the coolest job ever.
It definitely looks like there’s an i missing.
Had he hammered it as he did when he was done at various eariler stages. It would have been considerably more dense. As it is, Earth if it were made of aluminum would look the same. Though not liquid, the ball does have a slight core considerably softer, and the outer edges of fisure's along what could be consider the crust.
Acid etch it see if all the layers pop out
melt it
I know I'm way behind the aluminium ball here, but rather than sanding and polishing, I'd say sealing the cut in epoxy resin would preserve that interesting "crumb structure", if you will. I haven't done it myself, but I've seen others use this one type they work into rough surfaces with a brush to get it into all the nooks and crannies. The way I understand it, they do this before the 'proper' casting to prevent air bubbles in said nooks and crannies. When they then plane and polish the outer layer of epoxy, it still shows that lovely uneven potted, craggy surface, but both doesn't release debris, and is in *reality* a flat surface for your table or whatever they're making. Using a similar pre-cast epoxy on the surface and then sanding and polishing the epoxy instead of the aluminium will protect it from damage. Rambly but I hope I somewhat make sense..
3:49 **scratches over the surface of an aluminum ball** "It feels like aluminum..." - Adam Savage, 2022
Malted aluminum ball
No, you need to do it in a park. See you resin both half and suspended in the cube
I have a 25kg bag of crushed  garnet,  for this job.
Too bad you didn't explain how the density mimics an Anti-DeSitter space....
Great set of videos on the aluminum foil ball. My only question is, why does he keep calling it tin foil?
Now what you need to do is polish the cut face.
🤗
Really curious what the density ended up being.
Now try to unroll one!
I've worked with aluminum, too. Just drilling and tapping a hole can be a pain.
He called it "TIN foil"!  😆 What a dope!
if you revisit this could you start small and work your way up to see if that helps make it denser?
Perhaps you should have started by compressing the foil using a steel bench vice?
Just an engineering tip I remembered about when you were fitting the two halves back together, if you have any kind of component failure (e.g. fatigue) it's very important to avoid fitting the two broken halves back together or even touching the failure interfaces. The reason is that it can damage the failure interface and that kind of evidence contamination makes professional investigations more difficult. Not that it really matters in this context (it was cut in half for fun) but it's worth being aware of.
Stick it in a forge and melt it down
I hope that someone mentioned to send it to a metallurgist lab.
I forgot to like the last video.. I'm so sorry. I loved it though!
You could have just held it by pressing it in a clamp and than just hit it in one clean cut with a chop saw but i guess using a more complicated tool that almost knowone has works too. But at least we get to see the ball get cut either way
I so wanted you to tap the two half’s together like the coconuts in Monty Python and the Holy Grail! But this was very satisfying. Thanks. From the home office in Chicago!
Must've been cold in the shop that day lol
Yanks your finger into the blade.    I've seen it happen.  Short cuts should not be fingers.  Just take a moment and pretend that the aluminum hates you and wants to mangle your hand on a technicality.  Make a jig if you have to.  Grippy.
In a Controlled Setting, I Would have a Blast Playing with This aluminum ball 🏈 🧳 One shouldn’t fully grow up from Imaginative explorations . 🎉
So water cutting is like wet stone knife sharpening but with everything
Typically waterjets use crushed garnet as an abrasive. It would have been cool to have the ball cut with wire EDM as it would have been less destructive
👍👍👍
now you need to unravel it and put it back on the roll ...
I always thought of Jamie as the one with the balls but I may have been wrong
I'm so glad the algorithm showed me this after just watching the last one where the ball was made! Not sure I could have slept tonight haha
wonder what the mechanical properties would be for that
Wow I watched the first one and I thought man Adam you are a mythbuster there's got to be a waterjet channel that you can do a video is and here it is
I'm no expert, but wouldn't it have made more sense and saved a lot of time to just pull out the paper tube and crush the roll...?
What would've happened of you put it in a vacuum...inknow it wouldn't cut it obviously, but it would've definitely still had a lot of air in it
I wonder how the pressure from the water and abrasive agent affects the surface of the cut ball. Without going under that top layer, how do you know what’s going on below it?!
I’ll do anything to just stand out of the way and learn . Clean the shop even.
I wanna see it polished!
I hope we still get aluminum foil ball 2.0! This was such a joy to see created and sliced in two!
You made a demon core!! don't put the two halfs together :D
The real joy of this project is that you now have a demon-core prop
This is like the Iron Giant's Gobstopper.
Oh Adam, I love how you never use gloves - because you know it won't make a difference with those saws xD
That is so cool
Now, can you tap it into a bowl? If the core is softer, then there is room to condense, right? Maybe a hydraulic press?! Haha, keep the experiment moving forward.
This is so cool. I *might* be considering making these with my middle school kids... and possibly making enemies on campus as the kids polish the balls everywhere 🤣
You know how explained what he thinks the ball is, is exactly how the Earth is. Just add an extremely high temperature core and this would be an excellent diagram for the Earth. So how he made this aluminum ball could be a replication of Earth's formation just with different matter that was collected in it's vicinity due to planetary gravity, high speed collision, and an extremely magnetized and heated core.
Love how he and the Water Jet guys worked together on this…and then how he’s going to thank them. Awesome stuff.
So awesome the lines resemble a tree. Each line represents how many ways it was attwmpted to be cut 😂
What in the hell is the tattoo on his arm supposed to be? Is there some kind of meaning to... that?   I don't even know what to compare it to. It's just a weird, asymmetrical pattern.
OK ADAM... GOOD JOB
Do a comparison with a ball of aluminum but by melting it into a ball
I think I know an easy way to cut the ball in half.  Put it in a box then fill it with plaster.  When dry cut in half with a band saw or hack saw.
The water is NOT the medium, it is the "vehicle" that conveys the abrasive medium... just saying...
You should make a Freddie Kruger glove.
question now for me watching this is: "If you were to make a foil ball in a Vacuum, would the ball still be pock-marked like that on the inside?"
It's like aluminum bird bone.
Use dental floss next time
So, out of curiosity, if you fired one of these out of like an air cannon, how do you think it would react when it hit a solid object?
That's cool. It looks like a rock!
Adam: ....I want a water jet
I use to watch you all the time in myth busters, I didn't know you had a YouTube channel!!!!
I wish I could get half as excited about anything as he is about an aluminum ball. Being dead inside sucks.
You should have just turned the blade backwards on your saw, i hope you try this
It looks like a Flake chocolate in the middle!
JESUS CHRIST IS COMING BACK SOON ✝️ BUT ITS NOT TOO LATE TO REPENT AND BELIEVE THE LORD JESUS CHRIST DENY YOURSELF AND PICK UP YOUR CROSS ✝️
It’s a shame it wasn’t the original waterjet guys, these aren’t anywhere near as good 😢
The Rapture is near. What they say after is a lie ex:abducted by aliens Accept Jesus, don’t get left behind! Read Genesis 6, John, Romans, Daniel, Revelation(see The Bible Project) ❤️
didnt see the previous video but did you try making a jig and using a chopsaw or table saw?
Congratulations Mr. Savage for producing the world's first bullet resistant bra stuffing....
Adam Savage. Just a speculation but would the outer layers of the aluminum ball still be very many layers of foil, or had some areas fused into something more solid and dense?
Looks a bit like the far side of the Moon.
What would happen to it if ot were shot out of a cannon???
😂! I recently subscribed to his channel, (last week or so) and the first vid I watched was him making the foil ball. And now I get to see the aftermath. Seeing Adam in his shop brings back memories of Myth busters! I'm sure Adam gets this all of time, but still! That show with the original crew was epic and irreplaceable!
I loved myth busters and I love your channel
Sweet ball dude
Btw it’s aluminium!
Is it me or you that’s mad?
Adam, I know this would take a long time, but you should make a knight's suit of armour out of tin foil. Imagine how lightweight it would be!
I wonder what it would look like under a hydrologic press
Adam please get a hold of Jamie and please get MythBusters back on the air! I miss that show so much please please please please sir!
And here I would've suggested a guillotine; but, a water jet cutter was, probably, safer.
"tin" foil?? Thought it was alum. foil.
6 million people that don't know shit watched this video.
I wonder if you could make an aluminum foil ball using water pressure of the deep ocean.  I'm thinking of a bathysphere, composed of some sort of semi-flexible material and with aluminum at the center, lowered into the Mariana Trench. Using the crushing, uniform pressure of the deep ocean to make a perfectly round foil ball.
“For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God,” ‭‭Ephesians‬ ‭2‬:‭8‬ ‭NKJV
Can't wait to see your next attempt at the ball.
My first thought is that the inside looks sort of like concrete.
So this is just sped up erosion used as a tool
it almost sounds like rock
An aluminum carborundum cutoff wheel
To clear up any possible confusion for people outside the United States, the ball is made from aluminium.
I feel like he's milked this a little too much.
it's like an aluminum georde.
Let’s play drinking game every time Adam says uh? you take a shot
Awesome! I'm working on a ball right now!
Cutting it in half was legit the only thing I could think about during your whole process 😂… this is really amazing. ❤
For some reason before I read the title I thought it was going to be “Adam savage tests out the demon core”
Wow never would have expected that
The water jet at my work uses garnet sand
Surprised he didn’t thank the fake space government agency, Nasa, at the end.
Aluminum ball with one mile of foil you could use a power hammer eventually or something like that to work it after some point. That would be awesome. Good stuff Adam.
That light needs some wd40
Not even ganna watch the video. 7 minutes for an aluminum ball....jesus.
No! Noooooooo! Jam your finger!!!!
Looks like a giant Maltesers chocolate ball.
Now cut one of the poo balls in half!
Ugly
Tin foil...nope .....aluminum foil.
I love the unadulterated Adam Savage. Subscribed.
the thumbnail really looks like he's just casually threatening a roomful of people with a demon core
did he ever polish it?
Sand and water cut with a water jet.
Would have been nice to see that center under a microscope
Hey, Adam, please get a SEM image of the outer layers! Your channel is awesome, thanks!
There are actually a few different water jet cutters that I'm aware of. One is like he described, some actually use a super thin electrified wire (don't really remember the details of how it works) and another, I believe uses a type of laser with the water washing away debris and cooling the material to keep it from expanding with the heat. One of these is how you get those really cool decorative metal pieces that are like puzzles, that when the pieces slide together, there are no visible seams and looks like a solid piece of metal because the cut is so perfect and almost microscopic.
Looks like across section of bone.
2:51 to skip the diatribe of soy based noises.
For the first two minutes I found myself wondering who cuts Adam’s hair.  He looks like the description of Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander, with chopped sides 😅  I wonder…after Adam compared his block of 6061 I had a thought, what if Adam makes another ball like he did and instead of cutting the ball he heats the ball up and hammers some more.  Would that help the trapped air to escape?  My second thought was if Adam starts by hammering a tiny ball and continuously adds and hammers until he has a comparable sized ball/cube, and then machines the block into a new compressed aluminum creation.
Can you like melt the tinfoil, and make an ingot out of it?
Just go bald no hate
Call me crazy,  but if I ever got a chance to hang out with any celebrity,  it would be Adam Savage bar none. The amount of knowledge he has about what seems like everything yet still being so friendly and wholesome makes him one of the best influences and best humans to ever exist...   I hope he never stops.
I miss my thrusters,  great to see Adam hasn't lost his enthusiasm.
Almost 2 am and I am as mesmerized by Adam with a aluminum ball as I am looking for OE on a monarch belly sample under a microscope. Adam can make anything interesting!
Can Adam Savage and Alton Brown do a mash up. They seem to be the same human that went down separate paths in life.
The only comment I have is: Nice
Adam... no way the foil thickness was 'a micron or two.'  You should know better.  That would be impossible to work with, it would be so gossamer-thin!  Probably on the order of 100 um.  And... waterjets: almost 30 years ago I worked for the company that invented the technology.  I'm sure that things have evolved since then, but... the abrasive was almost always garnet.  And the grit was MUCH coarser than your guess of 10,000.  More like 150, IIRC.  10,000-grit abrasives would never cut through that Al foil ball, even when moving at ~ Mach 3.
fun fact, how to make a metal sphere ,? by flattening an orange.
I thought this was about Phantasm...wish it was.
Fucking hate this guy. He's so..... Look at me in so awesome
If you're willing to sacrifice half of your ball, I'd say a mercury experiment may be in order.
so,there is nothing like a "pure" waterjet?
What are it’s structural qualities? Make an rc plane out of it?
Cool
7 minutes and 51 seconds I’ll never get back and honestly I don’t care 🤷🏾‍♂️
is this the adult version of michael reeves?
I needed that... the last video without the cross section was such a blue ball situation!!! Lol love this stuff!!!
Neat
He calls it "Tin foil". It is not tin; it is aluminum.
Cut that shined up turd yall did a while back
*aluminium
Thanks Adam for explaining the water jet.. i always thought its just a high pressure spray.. good to know😊
Forbidden coconut.
Ah yes...the aluminum feels like aluminum. *SUBSCRIBED*
What happens if you shoot it ? :)
Oh my watching you trying to cut that in the beginning is just an anxiety factory for me.
Your tattoo fits you very well personality wise the ruler and actually I think it’s pretty dope because if you can’t find a ruler you can always just measure it as long as it’s accurate enough not for everything but for enough I will have a little small gauges for like millimeters and stuff as well
These would be great if you wanted to do a Cyberpunk remake of Monty Python and The Holy Grail
Umm, you have lost your mind
I'm liking the mad scientist look adam has now.
this just hit me, do a show on how in the heck do you direct and focus a stream of particulate filled water that can cut through anything, without it destroying the machine itself
if u melt the same amount of al foil to make a full density sphere what would be the difference in size?
Here before the title and description get corrected to aluminium.
#BRINGBACKMYTHBUSTERS
FUCK YOU ALUMINUM YOU POUROUS FUCK - Welders
In the right light it looks like an uncrustable.
They use fine garnet powder for the abrasive
you made an.... AIRluminum ball  badum tss - sorry, had to! ;)
Will it float?
@tested if you wet sand/Polish  might see individuals layer like Damascus steel
Boring
Use gallium on it!
melt one half down?
0:55 Huh? Just use a vise to hold it. There's no way you couldn't rig something up to hold it in place.
hey, he has the same viltrox panel light as me :P
I'd love to see what the cut half looks like polished
Special guest James Gunn
They use garnet powder in the water to help it cut.
Almost looks cast in the center and forged near the outside
@5:20 our water jet @ work uses 80 lb sacks of ground up garnet.
Anybody else think this guys retirement hair looks like a wacky bird? Or maybe like cosmo kramer
Adam’s Face at 6:26 just delightful
West so gloves or some shit
did he sand it and polish it?? i need to know!!
Please put one half under a hydraulic press
"It's time to wrap this up" I see what you did there!
For some reason my first thought was water cutting before he said it no lie ..
W human. Love this dude.
is tin foil the same as aluminium foil? or is it actually tin foil?
air-luminum?
The Water Jet channel guys are... really the weirdest people ive ever seen. Lol
The focus was going a bit crazy on this one
Tall man say's "That's a Phantasm sphere Boooy"
demon core-chan
Why does he say alumium instead of Aluminium?
Garnet is the material that they put in the waterjet as an abrasive.
If you told me 20 years ago when I was 22. That one day I would be watching the myth buster guy talk about a tin foil ball being cut by a water jet for 10 minutes.  I wouldn't have believed you .
That moment when YouTube recommends a random ass video about random ass things that I found interesting af.  Thanks for sharing.
When I clicked the video and I saw the length of the video I thought wow he's really milking this. But at the end I was wondering why the video was being ended so soon. Very interesting.
Do another one but have it cut with Edm
That thumb nailmade me think it was the Demon core.......
First of all, aluminum used in aircraft construction is 7075, and second, there is no foil in the world that is a “micron or two” thick
warm the center just enough to imprint a design, maybe leave a fingerprint like a fossil or something idk
3:21 no life
Adam Savage reminds me of a living Doc. Brown
heh i remember the reaction in the comments in the first video
ah yes, imitation demon core
Do you title all your Adam Savage videos with Adam Savage...?
Idk if you have been asked but iv been recently re watching myth busters and I was wondering was there any myths were you guys were like no way it's not gonna work there is no point but had to do it cuz the networks
WHO FARTED? 🐖💨
Build another but hammer it from the smallest size.
This randomly got recommended to me and wow, he has aged quite a lot since Mythbusters, but his excitement for stuff like this has not aged the slightest.
Shit from the thumpnail I thought he's messing around with the demon core.
Shoot it out of a cannon🫡
The only man on Earth happy to have his ball cut in two pieces.
Funny that you call 6061 aluminum but the foil ball, not aluminum. 6061 and 7075 and so forth are aluminum compounds. The foil is probably pure aluminum since it's cheap and food "safe".
Adam reminds me of what my dad would be like if he had more wholesome enthusiasm and kindness behind his personality, rather than fear and arrogance. What a great man, you are sir.
For the next challenge, try  flattening back to 200 feet.
Soy Boy Savage
You used a rock saw? like for cutting geodes?
Does it float?
3 minutes of talking before even unpacking🤦🏻‍♂👎🏼 are 3 minutes too long to watch
Garnet powder
I love when cool channels work together
Study science, they said. You’ll make good money, they said.   No one said you’d be greeting a ball of aluminum foil as an “old friend.”
It’s easy use an axe
Maybe the company accidently sent you a meteorite the NASA shipped them instead?
Garnet.
"It feels like aluminium"  Ah yes, water is made out of water
what happens when you produce a aluminium foild ball in vakuum? Would not the foil fuse together to create a massive object?
Go sand and polish it already…
“You’ve just got a couple of aluminum ball halves and you’re banging them together!” -Monty Python and the Holy Grail, paraphrased
i dont get it if you want a ball why not melt it and make a ball?
Shit. We all getting old y’all.
This is the most unsuccessful video ever.
Exactly what new was learned?
Adam essentially made a tin foil rock.
Like a cabbage - let's make a coleslaw!.... :)
He knew that there is unfinished work, thanks for cutting it
The pause as he multiplied 200 by 1 in his head was highly relatable
it sounds like wood
Balls of Steel
what an idiot.   glad his 15mins is long past...
Make a ball and put it under a hydraulic press to see if you can flatten it
The hardness is what you feel when you scratch it
thank you Adam, for not loosing a finger or two while further sawing it in half yourself! :>
Aluminium not aloominum
Props to you Adam for still having all of your fingers for this long!! 👏 👏 truly shows how seriously you've taken your safety throughout the years.
Hey Adam! Can you make a big block of aluminum by compressing foil in a similar way, then take slices of it with a water jet and show us its heat insulator properties with a thermal camera? 😮
Put it in a Vac chamber
5:57 me trying to put a bagel back together after toasting
Try to vacuum chamber the next ball, I wonder if we can get a solid ball, or at least close to one.
Get this leftist doosh off of my feed
Wonder if using a vacuum chamber would help to remove some of the air pockets from the next ball?
Why didn’t you melt it and poured it into a ball. Then check it out
It sound like wood
Lol i thought i'd love to sand and polish it, just before Adam said it, and look at it in the SEM with EBSD to see the grainstructure if the layers have actually bonded.
Airluminum
Day after day you look more like Einstein' s grandson...you just cant ignore that mad scientist hairstylye
Can I say I miss Jamey? Adam and the Walrus... to me they were inseparable. Still, it's all in the spirit of Mythbusters, finding out how stuff really works.
he made Airuminum 😂😂😂😂
Abrasive media in waterjets is usually garnet. It's the right balance of hardness, toughness and cost. Cuz even tho it can b recycled (somewhat). U end up going thru literal tons of the stuff.
AL-U-MIN-I-UM.   It’s not a hard word to say..
Stop the video at 1:51 and just imagine he described a box of severed fingers, then opened the box to find a bunch of severed fingers. Don’t finish the video!!!
Why is it called tin foil when it's aluminium, aluminum doesn't exist 🤔
Why is the outside more dense than the inner core?
You can stick your “finger” in the middle 😏
I’m extremely pleased that I thought of the water jet cutter before he said it was suggested by other people and ultimately used that method.
holy shit... im the same age now as you were when you were keeping me up in Highschool.....
Yes a cathode ray tube could be described as a particle accelerator. Personally I prefer the pulsed laser rifle in the 5MW range.  I'll be back.
"Aloominum" 😄
Why?  Why did over 2 million people watch this?   Why did I watch this?
Water jets are awesome! For the band saw, I'd have probably cut a cube of wood in half, then carved out a hemisphere in each half; place the ball in the middle then glue the wood back together. Cut the cube with the bandsaw.
Next time Adam unravels the aluminum ball
its garnet often
Goggles Adam savage Polish his giant balls   234 million results   Me: none of theses have anything to do with science but I better watch them all just to make sure.
couldn't you make a small ball that you keep adding to to avoid the inside being less dense?
please compress the next ball even further, maybe in pressurized water or clear mineral oil?
Adam, thank  you for everything  you did on for science, you really showed me that no matter how old you get Science is fun. I learned a lot and I still enjoy display of science. It has been a while and drifted from here until this was on my feed. Now I am back I want to see what you have done the last 2 years.  Keep up the great work. And I was really wondering what did happen to that ball. It is amazing that you was contacted by Waterjet. I did question how the water cutter worked and you answered it I thought it was maybe sand or something in the water I was close in my guessing. I went to my first physics class in college and it was so much fun. I seen so many amazing things like the egg going into the bottle and not breaking.  And the bowling ball pendulum  I did know that energy was expended at each end of the of the swing. That was a lot of fun.   I wish I really could have focused enough to get into a science field. I would of had a much more fulfilling life.
Ruby powder? Love the sound of that! F know why lol.
If you start with a marbel sized ball, hammer it down to a pea and build it up in 1 ft sections of foil you can make it almost completely solid. As a class we did this in middle school. Everyone in the class took turns putting sheets on and hammering them down. Took us a whole week and we got thru if I remember correctly 500 Sq ft...
Garnets
I was so happy to see this on my feed. I always wondered what the inside looked like.  I would keep both halves in tact as a conversation starter on my desk.
Could you grind down a sample and give us a view through a microscope? I would love to see how the thin layers of aluminum and aluminum oxide look. I wonder if they could be considered some sort of reinforcement, ie a composite material.
so the earth is just an aluminum ball. Hard outer crust with an aery center
Ready for Part 3- sanding and polishing
So this is what the lead singer of Flogging Molly is doing now on the side? ;-)
So, like a giant aluminum Whopper 🤔
There is so much smart in that man's head! Lol love the content!!
When I first saw the thumbnail, I said to myself, "WHAT?? C'mon, is Adam playing with the Demon Core?? Didn't he learn his lesson with the Eyebrow thing!!??" 😉
Love this. Adam Savage is an absolute legend, and despite all the success of the waterjet channel, I can't imagine their excitement of getting to work with you.
Do one in with gallium now . . .
Years ago, Cody did this with gold and got a completely different result.
Has Adam done the second ball yet?
5:36 I know they use industrial diamond-powder-coated Sawbladss for concrete
Use a hydraulic press but only crush the ball partly in multiple opposite points to make a cubical shape, then manually pound (or use a metal pounder/shaper machine I've seen on American Choppers when they fabricate a fender or whatever.
Go figure compacting something like metal still reacts the same way that compacting soil does. More compact towards the surface being compacted....aslo careful being around that much aluminum on a consistent bases..... Alzheimer's
they put salt in it
i love how wholesome it is hes just showing yea i dont know shit bout how they do this but its cool
Aluminum oxide
Nice crumple effect. Wish cars would have a bunch a that all around them. Lol
I'm just saying. Never give up. That's the right attitude adam.
Hope springs eternal? These days hope fades ephemeral.
you should do another one, but compress it in a massive press to see how much smaller and more dense you can make it!
The waterjet guys missed a golden opportunity to send over a box of bloody prop fingers and then a day later send the real ball halves.
What would happen if you put a half in a vacuum? Would it compress a little more, thus closing some gaps in the middle??
air-luminum
polish the surface and etch it.
I wonder if you took another identical sheet as the one you started with and melted it down to mold a perfect Sphere, what the difference in circumference would be.
It kind of looks like the moon
Now you can bang them together while galloping around looking for the holy grail
You should carve the inside out and make it into an aluminum bowl
While the abrasive does help with cutting, it isn't strictly speaking needed. Water cutting is a lot older than you think, the first narrow-nozzle cutters appeared in the 1930s, but could only cut comparatively soft materials. By the late 1950s, however, ultra-high-pressue water cutters(100 thousand PSI) were able to cut high-strength alloys such as stainless steel, and were used for making parts for the XB-70 Valkyrie, among other things.
No way
Adam, do you regularly use The Imperial System or the Metric System in your Projects?  I've seen you use the Imperial but I wonder if you use the Metric sometimes 🤔🤷🏻‍♀️
Uh, EDM would be much better... but much harder to find  someone with one....
I would try hammering it early so it compresses better.
I used to operate a water jet at a machine shop and we used Australian garnet. I'm sure there are other options out there, maybe even for certain types of material but that's what we used for aluminum, steel and all sorts of plastics. Thanks for the great video!
waterjet cutting is like accelerated erosion
I detox with some zeolite and horsetail.
Hey Adam, do you think it's possible that ancient Egyptians used water jets to cut their precise stones? Do you think it would be possible to generate enough force with gravity and a reasonably sized tank to cut stone with water?
put it in a vacuum chamber and then hammer it more.
Here's hoping Adam didn't absorb any meaningful amounts of aluminum
you should heat it up and see how much water comes out of it
kind of reminds me of charcoal
Would've been such a prank if they sent you the demon core instead
Great Work mate. Garnet is used mostly.
Zamzam water from mecca saudi arabia is so tasty
So glad this series actually wrapped up!
This is the coolest geode I’ve seen so far
Yeah cutting aluminum barstock is one thing. Cutting a smooth layered aluminum ball has to be a dangerous task.
7:08 He says, "I think it's time to wrap this up!" As he is holding a ball of foil... I love the irony.
Redo a foil ball to make a solid core
Careful, Adam! You put the two Demoncore halves together, it's gonna go critical!
He says everything but sapphire. lol
I heard that your can't sand.... aluminum .....cause it heats up and the dust explodes
They use garnet sand.
These halves would make amazing horse hoof foley
you're good at fabrication when youve done it as long as Adam and still have all your fingers!
I for one put this man in a category with Bill nye when it comes to science.  Just waiting for the transgendered rap to pop up at any minute.  He has falsely "debunked" plenty.  You popped up on the feed, so there's what I think of you.  I'll try blocking so this doesn't happen again.
Wow, it's still aluminum foil.  Riveting.
i feel like it might be interesting to try and hammer in the center part of it and make a sort of bowl out of it, idk what sorta challenges would come from it, but it might be cool to do
You should melt one of them and then see the difference in volume. That would be an interesting show.
You finally cut it in half !!!
dude we are in 2022 add fucking 4k option to watch ffs.
wasnt aerosolized aluminium like a massive hazard?
Hiring a samurai would have been more effective, easier and more cinematic
Should've called me. I would've just ripped it in half with my hands.....
It's kinda like the earth...with the crust on the outside and lave in the middle...lol awesome
Before my grandpa passed Mythbusters had really taken off and it was one of his favorite TV shows with him being somewhat of a tinkerer.
is that a bowling score card on your arm?
They actually use a lot of different blast media but garnet is the most common. So it gets blasted with garnet powder at significant speed
@4:55 Actually, yes, it is the water that does the cutting. Some circumstances (such as cutting bone - yes, they do that, or thinner/softer materials) there really is only the jet and the water. In abrasive water jet, you get certain abrasives (such as Garnet or Aluminum Oxide) that assist in the cutting action. The surfaces are rougher in abrasive water jet, but simple water jet cutting leaves the same cut striations (just less severe). These striations are actually miniature deflections in the high pressure water path as it bores through the material and hits the different crystals or densities within the material. These striations are normal and will be more exaggerated in a more non-homogenous structure (like this foil ball). Also, the jet nozzle is usually the only thing made of a very hard material, such as sapphire or diamond.
Garnet.
This would be interesting to see under a microscope.
Would love to see a ball go in an industrial press
The waterjets we use at work use garnet powder.
What was that exacto blade removal technique at 1:55? That was so quick and seemed easy I must know the secret
Look just, whatever you do, don't let the screwdriver slip
You're not riding on horses! You've got coconuts and you're banging em together!
06:23 hard tack
This has probably happened already, but Adam Savage should do a collab with Hank Green and meet irl cause they're so alike. I think they'd get along.
I'd love to see the next one on the hydraulic press channel!
Now melt the rest down. And try to make a sword or another type of cool gear out of it. Something that now has a story.
From the thumbnail I thought Adam had the demon core.
The first color television sets used a lot of voltage on their cathode ray tube.  As color density used to drop with time, some people changed the factory tube settings by cranking up the sealed screws which raised voltage to x-ray energy level.  It did restore colors for a while but some unwitting tinkerers were exposing themselves  to X-rays.
When you tapped them together they almost sounded like nylon or plastic blocks to me, that is very intriguing
I would love to see one go into a vacuum chamber
It look a like the moon
Funny story I’ve actually tried to cut round stock with the band saw at work, I was in a rush and couldn’t wait for the other saw with the vice. The blade caught the round stock. my finger went into the saw  and I fuxking nearly cut my finger off. I still can’t feel it. So weird holding things cause I can’t feel them hahaha I will not do that again and I’ve learned not to be a idiot and slow down. Love watching this guy build crazy shit
Really wanna see the outside layers under magnification
High speed weather erosion. ( Water cutting )
@tested please do a colab with Adam and The Hydraulic Press Channel
Oh geez, that thumbnail made me think "Adam clacks the demon core together"
I mean this is cute and all....  JK  But man think of it if you found a way to compress that foil down with machines and then cut it....  #GoBigorGoHome
Learned recently that he had a YouTube channel and instantly subbed, I mean myth busters basically was my child hood. This is amazing to see ya still doing what ya love so much
i saw this on wayback machine
by far not the brightest but bal in a vice and cut with Sawzall?
I wonder if porous aluminium has or would have any applications. Almost as strong most likely but significantly lighter.
1:54 average aluminum foil is approximately 630 microns with some heavier duty foils being roughly 900 microns. a bit more than a micron or 2 no offense lol, i knew this already from my job because we use 15.2 micron and 20.3 micron plastic wraps which are extremely thin, vastly thinner than any aluminum foil. either way still a very nice ball
I hope if adam decides to polish one of the inner surfaces he impregnates the sphere with resin first to support the more hollow structures towards the center.
I wonder how wire EDM would've done for cutting it too.
I have a great idea for the perpetual wheel and I believe it would work if you could contact me if you can help me build it would be awesome
This is amazing.
I know how I'm making my demon core prop
Adam savage taught me more about science then my highschool science teacher
have the next one EDM cut.  Try Titans of CNC in Gilroy!
Why don't  you try hammering the foil at different stages of the process to try to ensure density through its entirety? You could even try to create layers of varying densities as you make it
They put granite in the water(I think)
They use garnet as an abrasive
I once cut my finger on a bandsaw, It wasnt that bad, just bandaged it up Still a -3.82/10, not fun
We used fine Garnet in the water jet that I ran in my old machine shop. Worked well but made an awful mess.
I will never see a foil of aluminum the same way. Now, I m wondering how many drops of gallium you have to put near the center of a half ball to get it transformed...
3:51- why it isn't a meme, that smile........
Do a fake uranium ball display,  like the demon ball !
i just saw the outher video... and i did not click on this one
An aluminum melon!
You can't just say "you can practically push your finger in the middle" and NOT DO THE THING!!!!
When cutting aluminum with a saw, use a fine toothed blade and cutting oil or wax for a lubricant.  The lubricant is essential with aluminum to keep it from binding to and gunking up the blade.
Shame on you for not clapping them together like Patsy.
It looks NOTHING like I expected it to?
Looks kinda likes a golfball
For some reason I could not stop watching this lol. I’m not sure why a foil ball is so fascinating, but I’m sold.
Well seeing inside definitely confirms that if you compressed as you went rather than clumping it all up to start with, you'd have had a much more solid ball of aluminum.
Ahhh, we waterjet deficient, think with out them..
Put it in a vacuum chamber and try again
Hey Adam I don't know about everyone but I do know that the water jet channel uses garnet particulates as the media
Should have used wire edm no?
You should make a newton's cradle out of a bunch of these
Adam: man I really wanna sand and polish this.  Me: dewit! ~in my best Darth Sidious voice~
One of my favorite teacher as a kid, its good to see him again
why couldnt he just cut it with that 3 axis mill behind him with like a 1/2 in endmiill?
Polish it please !!!!
My opa smoked a pack of smokes a day for 60 some odd years  and saved up the foil in the packs. He made a ball that was almost a foot and a half in diameter before he died. Not sure where it is now, but I'd love to know what it looks like inside, lol. Thing was damn heavy the last time i saw it.
one of the first cautions I got in wood work class was about cutting round pieces on a band saw, it's very tricky and dangerous, not only to yourself but could damage the saw if the precautions required are not enacted.
A garnet blend is mixed with the water in waterjet cutting. The industry standard is 80 mesh, you can go more course or more fine depending on your needs.
Looks cast
Should metallographically grind and polish (and ultrasonic clean in Alconox) the cut face to see better.
make another and put it in a vacuum chamber to see what the air pockets in the center do
"It's time to wrap this up" he said
Thank you Adam!
I know this comment is super late, but he moment you talked about making a display to put half that ball on, the image of Tony Stark's arc reactor display came into my head.  Now all I want to see is half that ball in an acrylic box on a stand that says "Proof that Adam Savage has a hammer."
You know when you make these balls, it's recommended to hammer as you go so the density stays as uniform as possible. It polishes up nicer that way too because it won't crack as much.
I'm so glad this was suggested to me.
waterjet literally melted the edges
We want to see it polished
Your boundless enthusiasm is so entertaining!  👌😁👍
Did they film the cutting? I want to see that video too
Lord this man is fantastic.
Awesome! Now what happens to one in a vacuum chamber?
Wonder if that's enough air for the ball to float?
Could've made it easy and just used a Lightsaber.
This is awesome, legit thought Adam was gonna lose a finger lol
I comment to help statistics
would their be benefits for having an air filled material like this? Obviously it's lighter, but would it still be strong. If an airplane was built out of it, would it still fly or fall apart?
Polish them !
This is so neat, but I do need to mention: When he brought out the halves and set them flat-side down on the table, they looked like a pair of boob cups and my first thought was “that would be so cold and uncomfortable”
idk why but I kind of expected it to look more like a cabbage
why tf is he not wearing gloves?
if i recall the original maker of the tin foil ball said he would compress the foil from the start thus greatly reducing the amount of air in the centre, and making the entire ball almost solid and much more compacted
Should have done it French style, Guillotine it!!!
Can you reduce some of the airiness in the center by compacting the ball when it's small, adding more foil, compacting, adding, compacting?
I was really looking forward to seeing it get sanded and polished.
Drop the ball in a vat of mercury!
Would be neat to have a foil ball shot by a low caliber like a .38 or something. Then cut to see what the impact cross section looks like.
Wire EDM would have been a very clean cut as well.
in theory is this how the earth is?
Hope you see this!  Its better to hammer the ball around as you go, adding layer over layer and hammering it out until you get to the size you want. That way its nearly the same density all around and the cracking should be minimal if any at all.
Id like to see someone press a bunch of aluminum into a shape
I’ve been waiting months to see this
So was it tin foil or aluminum foil? Tin and aluminum are not the same element. I'm just curious. The description says aluminum, but so far, you've only called it tin.
*Oh no*
YES I've legit been longing to see this since you made it haha
it is people like your good self that help us move forward in science. Your enthusiasm is addictive!! Great video.
I honestly thought they just sent a concrete ball that they cut in half lol
You spelt aluminium wrong
[insert memegif of monty python bangin' two halves of a coconut together to mimic the sound of a horse clopping]
It's like a metal malt ball.
if you sand the center of that ball. you gotta share how it looks. I wanna know if it has some sort of patterns or such in it when it is sanded
Metal cutting water jets typically use Garnet
I’d love to see you polish i!
Garnet
Seeing you trying to cut that is terrifying holy shit
OH, you should get with the pneumatic press channels, and have them press the less dense inner part onto a hemi-sphere, thus turning it into an aluminum foil bowl!
I want to see it polished!!
Pleas encase one half in resin, use vacuum chamber to suck out air, then use a lath to make a bowl!!
could you maybe not sand down the half that is gifted back to the waterjet company? it looks good and provides an interesting visual on how powerful the jet is. Always love your stuff Adam!
Adam Savage looking at two round humps. “Hello old friend” 😂
“I’m totally going to make another ball”  Ah! Shit, here we go again I’m telling myself that i’m not gonna spend another 30 min on this but I know I will.
What would happen if you put a half in a hydraulic press to try to remove more air pockets?
woh i never knew adam became an ultimate betamale neat
Demon's core.
Yay I can stop wondering
I wonder if it would be possible to hammer in the softer inside and turn it into a solid bowl
I am only saddened only that he didnt do monty pythons horse gag.
Dude, you made a Demon Core!
Will it float?
It is surprising how solid it sounds. Polishing would be such an interesting challenge because of the porosity.
you do alot of very cool stuf
false christ comes first .... the most frightening thing the world has ever seen
2:25 Well yeah, because you did nothing to try and mitigate that, which is why you ended up with so many cracks. You just folded in tons of air like you were making a croissant.
When you make another ball please only do a few layers at a time and compress it into a sphere. I find that "sanding" it on a smooth friction-less surface give the best results.
Who is this guy ?? He needs to sort his hair out lol
HIT THE MIDDLE W A HAMMER
Can water cut it?  Haha!!!!
Now put mercury on it 👌
Former waterjet operator here. Most jets use garnet as their abrasive medium. It's fairly hard as far as semi-precious gems go, but it's also much more affordable than harder ones like diamond or sappire. Depending on the model of jet and it's use case, the abrasive can range from a fine sand to a powder like consistency (can't really remember the grit range off the top of my head). The particular jet I ran was made in the late 90s and had an outlet pressure around 40k psi; newer models run closer to 100k psi.
Yes polish!! And close up pictures too!
Looks like a silver Whopper.
You’re lucky to still have all your fingers trying to cut a sphere like that
This looks like cast aluminum.
What's the bendy thing the light is attached to called please?
If the middle is so aerated I wonder if having some centrifugal force applied to the ball would create a hollow but extremely hard and solid aluminium ball.
I say compress the center down and make yourself a nice little bowl with it
It's the demon core
Sand it and etch it !
That is so weird and cool at the same time , thanks for showing us adam :)
Ho wow !  Just wow !  I didn’t think you would ever get that cut in half.  Such a straight cut as well. Cool.
Funnily enough the clacking together sounds like bone which this is very structurally comparable to.
Awesome! Keep up the work and I'll be watching!
Cool cut. Maybe the lines would pop better if you cut it with wire edm. Just thinking...
Do you have a camera man? Or do you use a smart focus system?
Check out the world’s largest tape ball. It’s made from gaff and artist’s tape. If the ball is still around, it’s in the East Bay. https://youtu.be/jXKf1szQZJs
put it under a hydraulic press..
Only adam savage can make something like edible gold sheets and aluminum foil  into a steel ball. Come back next week where we watch adam use an hammer to make steel into an golden ball.
Adam, do you perspire very much? Seems you could rub yourself with those hands and not sweat for months.
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/66iJH0bT2G4
now encase the half in resin then lathe into ball so has a transparent side
His hair has been crazy my whole life haha I love that he can keep your interest front and center for so long!
Looks like concrete, so did romans use Bauxite or something to make their stuff so strong? Lol.
Adam. I have an idea. This comes from my airsoft hobby. We have glow in the dark tracer bbs. They make clear spray to spray stuff the have it glow in the dark. I would spray the cut sides. Then light them up in a dark room with a UV light source. I think the spray would give it a glowing tree ring looking effect. And give a more in depth look in between the many layers.
Who knew i could be so entertained by a roll of alfoil...
The ultimate Demon Core replica?
Make multiple layer as solid as possible foil ball. Make a small ball then wrap that in foil and pack it down.
Make multiple layer as solid as possible foil ball. Make a small ball then wrap that in foil and pack it down
Adam is Awesome, very cool!!!!!
Airluminium
Hydraulic press!
Aluminium
could you use a tuning fork to compare sound density difference on a microphone comparing inner and outer level density difference.
Newtons cradle with these!
You should put it In that acid that blacksmiths use to highlight their Damascus
Im gonna claim creation of the "Japanese" foil ball. Originally i made on in 2002. I originally made them with the foil from wrigleys gum wrappers. I would crumple them till the foil woild peel away from the wrapper and then start rolling. I would then start smoothing and polishing it with the back surface of my finger nails. Eventually on of my sunday shool teachers noticed what i was making and thought it was cool and asked me how to make one. I showed him the process. After learning i gave him my largest one, about the size of a marble. He was a teacher in japan seasonally and took them with him. When he came back he said his students enjoyed making the aluminum balls too. Anywho. My friends and i continued to make these trinkets for like 3-4 years. Got bored when we stopped using gum wrapper aluminum and started trying store bought aluminum sheets. Just didnt seem as cool being made that way. It's weird to see a fad we probably made get circulated world wide and circle back 20 years later
I’m not sure what I enjoy more. Seeing the final result cut in half, or watching Adam see the final result for the first time.
Send display to waterjet channel It's framed half of metal ball signed: "Adam's Savage ball cut in half"
I'm sorry Adam and team but for me the aluminum foil ball is the least interesting and most waste of time project I have ever seen. It reminds me of a planet density but in inverse
Water jet would make short work of that task imo was what I was exactly thinking too in that video lol I live Adam and pretty much everyone in the og myth buster crew tbh. He’s like the uncle or friend everyone didn’t know they needed until they come to that very same realisation
I didn't read the title and thought Adam was making a demon core
You should melt it in a furnace and then pour it in to a perfect ball mould! That would be great
Please quit calling aluminum foil, tin foil.
Nice
Woah I remember watching him on TV. He aged so much. Makes me tear up.
That's gotta do some funky shit if you apply a current to it
Could you pressurize the aluminum into a blade? 🤔🤔
Adam taking 2 solid seconds to calculate  200 x 1   is my vibe
Demon core project in the making???
Now we need to see it polished haha
The water jets obviously the best solution, but at that point in time when he didn't have one, is there some reason he couldn't have just put the ball in a clamp and sod through it?
use a diamond wheel cutter, like the ones used to cut diamonds, the blade should be thin enough not to tear into the material.
Kinda wanna see what it looks like sanded smooth and etched rather than polished
It’s crazy how a lot of us grew up learning from this man on mythbusters. He’s got a massive place in my heart
Bitch that's a stone.
E
Ah yes, a thumbnail of someone holding two halves of a metallic sphere potentially dangerously close to one another. Definitely doesn't resemble any previous accident at all
Awesome video, Adam!! Thanks!
use a vacuum or pressure chamber to get the air out of the next ball
Adam… Your hair is dumb..
One of my favorite things about Adam Savage is he hasn't lost the child in him. I love that he decides to make or do something not for any reason, but just because. For the joy of seeing what will happen.
So it's like earth ? Hard on the outside soft on the inside ? Maybe earth was once flat and then compressed to a ball :p
Much love Adam!
The rough looks really cool as well. Should only sand and polish half of the face so you have both a rough and smooth surface on each half-round
that is incredible, it reminds of something from a sci-fi game, like some material used in crafting of weapons.
in a vice and use a sawzall....  smh noob. lol ;)
Now make it back into tinfoil! 😃
I assume by now someone has mentioned using a lightweight thinner (aka, cheap) foil? I figure it would compact more easily and thoroughly?
forbidden jawbreaker
wrap it up? are you going to with.......... aluminum foil?
oooooohhh oooooohhh I been waiting for this
What doesn't excite this man!!
giving up? that's is NOT the Adam Savage i know... the Adam Savage i know should invent something to hold the ball in its place (even if it spinns) like for example a bowl (that is split in 2) that is made to be a rough match for the aluminium ball :)
years of being interested in making the tin foil ball and this takes me one step closer. maybe in 2025 😂
JerryRigEverything needs to hook Adam up with some box cutters!
I wonder how many replies came back underlying the word 'tinfoil'? Just kidding, great effort all round.
Is the core loose enough to pull out and start unraveling the half?
1980's me.. "I wonder whats on local broadcast TV tonight?". 2020's me: "ah, the waterjet channel, of course!"
There's a water jet channel?
I’d love to see it placed in a vacuum chamber to see how it interacts.
Why does he take so long to say anything
I would have used a horizontal bandsaw, metal blade obviously with  a cutting compound. Lock that bad boy in and let it cut on a slow drop.
Some one prove to me Adam is not even a little stoned in this video
Haha funny demoncore thumbnail
Oh my god, don't cut the Goa'uld communication device in half!
I thought that was the demon core
Demon core…
So glad you worked with those gentlemen!
I'd like to see another ball made and have one of the hydraulic press channels squash it.
Now you just need to find a way to get Hydraulic Press Channel involved in making aluminium spheres! Those maniacs won't be satisfied until they've crushed aluminium foil down to the density of lead! :P
Looks like you cut the demon core in half
Thats very cool, so what about a laser cut, I wonder how different it would be? DO it Do It DO iT!
Could have done an x-ray ct scan for you!
You were  on with the cutting media in the water - jet. Aluminum oxide  'synthetic'  equivalent to Garnet crystalls occurring naturally in nature.
Myth Busted!
crazy how much it looks like the inside of a bone.
With EDM wire-cut would give better finalization for cut surface
Water jet.  Lol just as I type it.  Lol
another thing you can try is making the ball in layers  to avoid the density issue
make an aluminum foil bar and see how strong it is compared to a normal aluminum bar
Looks like a moon!!
adam's the family member making a dinner toast that lasts long enough for everyone's food to get cold
They usually use a fine ground Garnet in water cutting
polish it.
I don’t think I’d recognize him without his glasses.
When i saw the  thumbnail i instantly thought "DEMON CORE". Somehow i was disapointed Adam wasn't making a uranium core and seeing what happens
Sapphire?
Jamie is so much smarter
looks like bread but alumenum
I have worked with water cutting machine and you can cut with no additive just with the pressure of the water it will cut ... and we used fine sand for the additive ! nice video Adam :)
3:00 idk haha
Another thing sometimes done is to add a certain polymer to the water.  It acts like a solid rod when cutting, greatly increases cutting ability.
can someone explain why it's less dense in the middle. it feels like it should be more dense in the middle. I dont know how you made it but I suppose you hammered it right
OK, here's a thought - and I have NO idea if it's even possible -  but there exist pressure chambers that can exert enormous pressures from all directions on an object, yes? More so even than at the bottom of the deepest trenches in the ocean.  OK, so. I think you know where I'm going with this. What would happen - and I think Adam of all people might have some connections with people who could make this happen - if you subjected an aluminum sphere like this TO that pressure chamber? It's being compressed by what, thousands of pounds of pressure from all sides - I'd be curious how small it would get, how DENSE it would get and what that'd look like.   The OTHER thing to do - just for fun - would be to create a spherical mold - or have fun with it, maybe do a little bust of your head or a dinosaur skull or something - MELT the aluminum foil and pour it into that mold. That'd be cool.   Another fun project that occurs to me: a life-sized reconstruction of the LARGEST Tyrannosaurus rex's skull (in case you couldn't tell I am a paleontologist) - whose name is Scotty (weighed in at nearly 10 tons) - and see what happens to materials when you apply, say, 20,000 lbs of pressure (the estimated bite force of a T. rex in some models ranges from 10,000 all the way to 40,000 lbs which is enough to cut your CAR in half). Of course you'd have to make it out of something sturdy - like steel - but there you go.
Now send one of the halves to the Hydraulic Press Channel and have them make a pancake out of it :)
You should have used an EDM Machine to cut it in half WO removing so much metal!
So what would happen if you made a new ball and put it in a vacuum???
I think most waterjets use garnets as the abrasive media
You should make a new one and heat treat it. I guess the only issue would be if heating the air pores could be dangerous
Thats not a foil ball adam.....
I thought it was the demon core for a second.
Hey Adam - have you ever played with porous aluminum to make thermoforming molds? It's a lot of fun...
For a very brief moment, from the thumbnail I was all "Wait.... why does Adam have a uranium core?"
Adam: Makes a little display out of half of it and sends it to the Waterjet Channel. Waterjet Channel: Cuts little display in half and sends it back to Adam.
I'm sorry but the internet is fast now. The delay with everything it burns
Maschinenmensch want's her boobs back!
If you end up sanding the inside you should consider sanding only half of it so that you can still see the changes from the outer to inner layers.
Awesome that you did it, was superdissapointed with the not cutting it last time :)
The soft center is why most of the comments said you need to gradually increase the size of the ball if you don't want it to break or Crack and if you want it "solid".
I instantly think of you going at the soft part with a hammer again to make it hollow inside
I cringe everytime he says aluminum when it's aluminium
Persistence pays
Water jet channel uses Garnet
Adam with his "Mad Scientist" hair
Hey! I just started rewatching Mythbusters because i found your channel, i'm so glad you're here! :) Mythbusters is one of my biggest childhood memory
Water can cut though as I found to my cost. Many moons ago when just starting in forestry I was jet-washing one of the big forwarders; they haul timber out of the woods. It was a huge diesel powered jet-wash, had never used one before, wondered what the pressure would be like & stuck my finger over the nozzle & pulled the trigger. I can still count to 10, but I had a neat hole blown through my finger. Wasn't just me though, about a week later one of the other trainees was asked to wash the vans,  Instead of the normal jet-wash he sparked up the big one, blew the licence plate of the front of the van & stripped a line of paint all the way up the bonnet [hood, to the Americans]. Off to watch the Water Jet Channel now, sounds great.
Did you weigh the ball to see how the density compares to a pure aluminium ball of the same dimensions?
lame
Good work???? Now unfold it back into a flat sheet again!
Water just by itself can cut and they use garnet as the abrasive
Adam, this is Ryan (Ick'tan Wesdar) from the RPF! Your aluminum ball is amazing, but can I make a suggestion for if you revisit making one of these? Try using the color anodized aluminum foil in layers for a "metal geode" look when it gets cut open?
Aluminum foil or tin foil? There is a difference
Seen this on my main page for a bit, I'm sad I didn't realize whose page this was!
Moist
The Aluminum Ball Saga
His thin yellow balding look was unique, but a signature look...  White hair, is perfect, that is a great look, with glasses etc
That's pretty cool love it.
Great video
The key to obtain greater density at the core of the sphere would be to commence the embryonic sphere by condensing it in the jaws of a vise, turning frequently to maintain the sphericity.   This is how I started my alumin-I-um sphere, up to about tennis ball size I used the increased pressure of the vise to compress the sphere.   I've been building my sphere up over the last 15 months or so and it is now about four inches in diameter.   However, my sphere is  made up of every scrap, of foil from my food package recycling.   So,  pressed foil take-away trays,  foil pie trays, foil cake cups, (lots of those),  scraps of kitchen foil,  etc...   So my sphere is all of the waste aluminium generated over the past year or so and it feels pretty heavy now.   I expect it will be fairly uniformly dense as each strike of the hammer causes a well defined ring to emanate.      . I kept condensing in the vise until the sphere was too large to fit between the jaws.   Small pieces of foil were stuck on with cyanocryolate.   Around each centimeter of growth, I would secure with several layers of self-adhesive aluminium tape (2'').   This really helps to consolidate the outer layers and create a nice smooth surface.        . I'd love to cut mine in half too, to see how it formed...  But, I'm still growing mine to a larger, hopefully football size... So a few more years to go yet then.   Might need to move up to the 2lb lump hammer by then.
I would really like to see this polished up on the cut faces! :D
Dig a pit out of one removing the looser materials and then polish. I want one
ADAM SAVAGE DOES DEMON CORE ADAM SAVAGE DOES DEMON CORE
The thing I keep thinking of is how, despite full of air, it sticks together as a solid metal. Is it the pressure from the hammering that almost soldered the layers? That bond is impressive. Consider it stood a water jet at extreme high pressure and not a single foil separated from the other. Awesome.
You sir, are living proof of something my Friends have always said...  Growing OLD is Mandatory...  Growing UP is Optional...  😄😁😆😅😂🤣
could you hammer the inside and turn it into a bowl?
Nice aluminum geode, vato. 😁
Can I have the other half ?
I work at a waterjet shop, the most common abrasive is a garnet sand
Would be cool to see if it could be welded back
FINALLY!
Be cool if you could find someone with a power hammer like used in blacksmithing to make your next ball with, might be able to get it solid all the way through.
One minute into the video and Im shouting use DW40 to cut aluminum duhhhhh 20 seconds with a band saw and it's in half. 😂
I'd like to thank my agent, he's amazing. Thank you to my family and friends who supported me through all this. And a special thanks to aluminum.
Iove everything about this except the fact that I'm meant to believe that that box had never been opened yet 🤣
I'm really surprised Adam doesn't have a Wazer desktop water jet for his shop.
awesome i would love to see it polished up like you was talking about. Like they do meteorites and rocks. if you do that please show us.
My fiber optic 6000 W laser machine could  cut that😭😭😭
My mind immediately thought D E M O N    C O R E
They should have packaged them with a small amount of glue keeping them together to troll
This was so satisfying.Watched the foil ball-making video when it was uploaded and am so excited to see such a mystery-solving cross section.
I’m so glad we finally found our conclusion to this experiment.
could be fun to put more and more layers and then hammer it and do it layer by layer
at a factory I used to work at, they had sapphire and emerald tips on the jets depending on the thickness of material, they would very rarely use diamond ones
Saturate the face with resin, so you can polish it without loosing the structure.
So happy to see you. You and Jamie really made me like and enjoy science and physics 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
This is amazing. I have a question about the material you created in making the ball: Could it be used for high strength insulation? Say on the Moon or Mars? Surely the folding of aluminum is scalable. I'm not a scientist, and am just genuinely asking a question whether right or wrong on the concept
Can you do the Monty Python / cinema audio fx horse hoof sound with these halves?
On camera, it looks like you have split the moon in half.
Pretty dang cool the texture reminds me of lava rocks
"Tin foil" or aluminum foil?
As a metallurgist, I’d love to section, pot, and polish that thing. 😂 Find any one of us and I’m sure we’d do it for fun! We’re an eccentric bunch of people
Imagine making a toy plane with a mold, crumpled aluminum and a press
I see your robot boob project is coming along nicely Adam. R2-D cup?
The word you are looking for is: Striations.
Our thanks to the water jet people for making this possible.
I did an aluminium foil ball challenge as a student sometimes around 1990. Only, the purpose was recycling, so I didn't start with a roll of new foil. I was painstakingly washing used foil from sandwiches, adding chocolate wrappings, even separated the paper from aluminium from the thing butter comes packaged in (nowadays it's all plastic, in those days it was paper and aluminium sheets pressed together).  It took months to reach any size worth talking about. But I believe it was more or less homogeneous throughout. It sure was heavy enough, almost like solid aluminium ball 😏
Aluminium. There are 2 i's. Just saying.
i would love to see an aluminium foil ball inside another ball inside another ball, etc  i'm really hoping there'd be like wood rings? like age rings :D
Send it to Hydraulic Press Channel now Adam!!!!!
a simple diamond wetsaw for tile would have worked.
Most waterjets use extremly fine sand. The ones we use at my work is red, not sure where its from. Maby india.  The footage shown, looks like sand.
There are a lot of cool videos on youtube. There are also a lot of cool songs and tons of cool projects on youtube. Only my man Adam Savage could have convinced me I needed to see this done. Thank you for turning my whole life into an applied physics lab, Adam. I think we all love you man.
You should take another roll, melt it down, and have a blacksmith forge it into a ball to see the difference in size that all of that air makes!
A reciprocating saw
Feminine!
Would love to see you create the world record largest home-made aluminum foil ball. How big can you go.👍 Then send it to "How Ridiculous" and watch them drop it from the tower.👍👍👍🤣🤣🤣
You should polish those halves.
PLEASE MAKE A VIDEO OF YOU SANDING IT!!!!
Watching you try to cut that ball in half gave me serious anxiety. Pure but-hole-puckering intensity when you were leaning forward towards a band saw, with no gloves, only using some tape to hold the aluminum foil ball.
I’ve tried cutting an average roll of aluminum foil in half and had the same experience.
They look like Kelly Brook's bra sizers
Me: “I can’t believe I watched a man hammer an aluminum ball for half an hour”  Also me: “ooh a follow up video!”
I don't have any tattoos but I have always said that if I get one it will be a ruler down my forearm. (And perhaps a conversion chart). Looks like you beat me to it Adam.
Jamie filming 😂lol jk
Hydraulic Press channel collab when?
5:20 garnet
How much would that be worth in 1850?
You are awesome.
Adam, please, I'm begging you. Use PPE when cutting stuff! I love your content but you're a terrible role model for workshop safety and I worry for the folks who want to do what you do.
why not make an illuminum cube next time.
I would love to see one side melted down and compared in size to the other to see what the density is
Keep going Adam been watching since Mythbusters. Dropping that science
I'm the furthest thing from a "science nerd", but Adam has a particular gift for bringing out my inner scientist. When I saw his explanation of the process that was used to cut the ball, my first thought was "accelerated erosion".   This was super fun to watch, and I hope Adam keeps doing his thing.
Water jet itself can cut almost anything. Abrasive is not required.
Adam dude, your one of the most interesting engineers to watch. Blow up some aircraft fuel tanks or something... we all thats what you really want to do 😄
For a minute thought that was the “Demon Core”.
This is a ball of foil. How do you make me watch this and love it
Hey Adam! 👋 I'm a fan of your works! You said you're going to make another aluminum ball. Can you try to make an aluminum bowling ball? 😄
I am glad this man still has 10 fingers. Smart decision.
Very cool ❤️
If you ever do this again I know the first guy that did it hammered the foil as he was rolling it
The Demon Core is really showing up EVERYWHERE
Make an aluminium cube next?
Id be curious as to what that same amount of tin foil melted down and formed into a sphere would look like, just in a size comparison to really get a feel for how much air is in the hammered version here.
us: cut foil ball Adam: LOOK AT THE SCIENCE
I wondered where the air goes when you hammer it out 🔨
Put a smaller foil ball in the middle and voila, you've made a Demon Core replica
👍
Silly Adam, that's not an aluminum foil ball that's THE DEMON CORE!!
I thought he was finally testing the demon core
Looks like a puffball let's eat it
omg. Adam, you tease. POLISH IT ALREADY! 😆
It seems Adam, the FDA and a large percentage of the population (using crappy antiperspirant) don't spare much thought to absorbing Aluminum into the bloodstream through the skin. No thanks for me!
Love this guy. Was my favorite dude in the OG show mythbusters. Spent alot of my childhood watching that show.
Now turn that half ball into a new ball :D
You have to polish the inside now!
This is about how I felt when I melted aluminum cans and cast them into ingots. It is so wild to see a bunch of smashed up cans reorganized into solid aluminum. I still enjoy clanking them together.
Shoulda used thermite to cut it in half ;)
Ooooo! I've actually been waiting for this one since the first video!
Neat! (: Thanks Adam! I think it's garnet abrasive they use in the water jet.
TIL water jet doesnt have water doing the cutting, there are fine particles in water that do the actual cutting
Thank you for finishing it up. Some is us who follows.
Demon core.
Try a lightsaber
Mentioning how much air is stuck inside the foil ball, I wonder if it would do anything interesting if you stuck one into a vacuum chamber?
YEAH!!!
Awesome!!!
I need dto see this made into a demon care now. Meme internet has ruined me.
We LOVE ADAM SAVAGE
Let's weld it back together with a slick tig weld
(00:40) _“... what a machinist would call grippy...“_  ... and an engineer would describe as a _galling._
wd40 adam.....wd40
Hey Adam, have you seen Alan Pan's video where he improved on your water stun gun?
Demon core
Old
practical solution: just put the ball in a clamp. and cut.
It looks like compact and spongey bone.
This machinist would call it “abrasive” or possibly “tough.”  Waterjet is cheating! A good carbide saw could cut through that just fine with some coolant involved.
I became a waterjet cutter at an aerogel company this week as a side job just to get exposure to such a powerful machine (and other tech) - they’re terrifyingly powerful
Can you weld it??
It looks like a metal cantaloupe
Your amazing and in 20ish years your got to be crazy. Trying to trivial time.
Decent!
Glad your plans weren't foiled.
6:26 my favorite moment. Totally captured the feeling of the whole video
You should make an aluminum ball, cut it in half, then hammer the middle down into a bowl. Aluminum bowl
this is basically an aluminium prince ruperts...ball
now make another one and put it in a vacuum chamber. Then put these halves in a vacuum chamber
I feel like I too am a child that just aged too much and was given power tools and heavy machinery to help ease the pain of my terrible disease.
ok well now you are going to have to dress up as King Arthur and hunt for the holy grail. see what would the speed and velocity of a flying tern carrying an aluminum ball is.
Cutting your balls in half is an unnatural act. How many times do you need to be reminded?!?!?!
The thumbnail made me think adam got his hands on the demon core xD
Going to a school for welding, and learning why thermite works while my classmates couldn’t convert mm to cm, we learn about water jet cutting. Never mentioned there was an abrasive added.
I remember being worried the entire time Adam tries cutting the foil ball in half.
Why does it look like stone thats just been polished at the outside?
My god, he is completely unbothered by the power of the demon core
Make robot boobs Adam it's what God put you in that work shop lol
A true craftsman would be able to turn it back into a 200x1 ft roll of foil.
Polish
who else had a heart attack watching the montage of Adam trying to cut it open
so if you took the grit out of the water in the water jet so that it was just water could i put my hand under it?
Reminds me of the moon
Looks like the moon
Typically Garnet is used for abrasive in Water Jet.
Adam you could measure the hardness at the center and at the edges and compare to the solid chunk of Aluminum and see how far off it was from "solid".
Refined garnet powder is what we always used on my waterjet. I’m not sure if any other abrasive is used in other waterjet applications.
Demon core savage
Please put that in the lathe and turn a bit so we can see how she cuts. Sincerely your lathe budy
Hammer the inside down to make aluminum bowl
But is it bulletproof?
DEMON CORE
This is the best Water Jet cut.. Yes to Water Jet...
Please sand and polish it and upload another video about it.
naice
Hearing someone with a teachers mind is great like i would have expected the same thing its kinda obvious but you explain it like you dont know like schrodinger's cat like he sure as hell fucking knows you know but the way you frame it brilliant
I would love to see MythBusters again now watched it in so long the last time I knew they canceled it
This is the update I didn’t know I needed
Two years ago they cleaned they're machine and said they use Garnet as their cutting material.
Aluminium is spelt aluminium in normal English.
Damn, haven't seen this man since myth busters!!
Sometimes I think back to a time when aluminum was incredibly rare and expensive. "All day long I'm swimming in chunks of aluminum"
Not going to lie I initially thought "Oh no Adam's got a demon core"
Some book-ends would be sweet using them.
I want to see that being done in a highpressure hydralicpress with a all steel form.😳🙏
Its feels like writing your name on your neighbors trailer window unit.
I’ve been a day one for both of these groups so cool to see this
Sand and polish.  Let's go.
Can’t wait for the second go at it!
Instead of another ball, what about an aluminum pyramid shape.
very cool
Adam reminds me of a modern day dr Emmet brown from back to the future  lol
Is it possible to avoid big density changes by doing the challenge several times with the same ball: make a small ball and finish the procedure and then cover it in some more aluminum and do the same stages?
Gotta love how Adam is such a famous and known person yet still grateful to the waterjet channel, he genuinely seemed to want to give a memento as thanks for the collab.
Ahhh, a kindred spirit. Adam takes me straight back to my childhood, when I was so intensely curious about the world around me. The best part is that he’s capable of doing all these wild experiments, yet he does them with safety as his number one priority so we don’t need to panic about mom finding out.
Did anyone think the waterjet was in the box? Or just me, hope not.
Very cool! Would like to see one of these cut via EDM as well...
Ok but now I want to know… how dense and compressed could it get.. also I want to see what a square mile of aluminum foil looks like as well.
Which is it, tin or aluminum? Jamie would set you straight.
This is the history of science and cognition right here! He makes a prediction, hacks at it few times, and then the true solution is revealed because--sorry sapiens--physics prevails...
I have a smaller ball that i started with gum rapper foil and moved ot to aluminum foil i am pretty sure it is pretty dence all the way through but i don't want to cut it 😂
I believe the abrasive they use is agate
it's usually garnet that's used for water jet cutting
The only man in the world immune to the demon core
The box they sent back is more rectangle than square.  If they had sent back a square box just slightly bigger than the sphere I would be more uncertain.
Usually garnet is the abrasive
Please polish it!
Why feed anything into a power saw with your hands? I was always taught to use small boards to feed/push with so one's hands are far less likely to be in harms way.
So glad there was a follow up for this one. How interesting!
Hows voting for joe biden now.  " im offended by words and id rather fuck the economy"
Aluminium*
Bill Nye perked my interest in science as a child, Mythbusters furthered my intrigue into my early adulthood, and Adam STILL to this day draws me back into the excitement of it all. Even when it's as simple as slicing an aluminum ball in half. I don't mean to wax poetic, but thanks Adam. You're responsible for the inspiration of a generation.
Is aluminum foil and tin foil the same? You keep saying Tin foil but the video title says aluminum foil.
From the thumb nail i thought you were holding a replica of the demoncore
I miss Mythbusters.
I'm surprised it held together
To think that Adam got foiled by a foil ball.... ^^
Cool!  I wondered what happened to the MythBusters guy.  Glad the other one isn't here.  He was annoying.
Would be cool to know the density othis ball
For a moment i thought its the Demon Core
"200ft of tin foil compressed into a ball" - for science.
"oh wow yeah u can practicaly jam your finger in the middle it is so aerated and out here at the edge it feels so solid..okay"
You totally won't make a new one :D
I’m totally going to get his ruler tattoo.
Why don't you put it under a microscope?
Mybain: shoot the aluminum ball from a Canon, into a katakana
interesting, the strucure of the dense outer edge and porous centre reminded me of bone (cortical and cancellour).
Americans could talk, make shows and drama out of everything. At first it's kind of interesting, then so tiring, almost mind numbing. Man, you could have this video last for 30sec or less... You had your ball cut in half with a water jet, it was super compact and hard to do, but he made it. The End.
We use garnet as our abrasive for our water jet to cut steel
Why is this video being recommended like crazy on my feed for the past week?
Thank God. I haven't been able to sleep for the last 3 months. I just lay awake thinking about what the middle could've looked like. I can now return to my slumber.
A reverse vise using suction cups could have held the ball if it was polished well enough.
Missed opportunity! Tested should have a sister channel with Adam as a kind of Bill Nye. Adam should have used this to teach mass and density. I just happen to love the Archimedes and the King’s Crown story haha.
Why did I think he was holding a mini demon core in the thumbnail
Adam we love you
Gotta keep those halves apart. I recommend putting a screwdriver between them.
Was worried last video. When you near cut your fingers off a bunch of times.
Put it in a vacuum chamber.
love the waterjet channel, when it was just Mitch and Dan
I wish we could inspect the polished surface under a 50 to 500x microscope!
DIY Demon Core
Adam Savage's demon core
Now polish it.
dense center then you got lazy. and thought more after the space.
foil balls?  hard compressing it and being precise with that thin material. Needs so much to split the layers.
So basically it's high-speed erosion?
Adam, I know a lot of people (especially *older than* Gen X) say "tin foil" when discussing aluminum foil, but please, they're two entirely different elements, and tin hasn't been used to make kitchen foil in decades!
A wire edm machine could cut it better
GARNET
Dam I’m getting old
Alright, now weld if back together!
Adam is like that crazy uncle that just gets more and more excited to show you random cool stuff.
Hmm, Wonder what speed you would have to launch the ball for it to do the same damage as a cannonball. Or how it would look when it collided with something at high speed.
Why didn’t you polish it for us?!?!
The sound of the two halves clanking together was so satisfying. Makes me think a Newton’s Cradle made out of smaller foil balls would sound incredible!
I feel like all of Adam's videos are just him going, "I really wanna try this. You know what, lets try it." And it makes for very entertaining content
can you tun it back into a roll?
What caused the airy center?
hi can someone explain why the ball doesn’t just unravel? after all it’s just layers of aluminum foil, shouldn’t you be able to easily unwrap it
Huh. So you just made a round shaped, aluminum-based folding steel kinda like the ones they used to use for old katanas. Okay.
It is airluminum.
Make it into the first tin foil ball bra
For a second I thought that was the demon core.
Try adding a step using a power hammer after the hand hammer to get it smaller.
you should make a new ball and shoot it and see if it is bulletproof. i think it will be
The water jet actually has ground up unicorn horn in it. Harvested from unicorns who have passed away from giving all their wishes away to needy children of course.
Please link up with Colin furze Adam,I've been a huge fan of you both
lmao its so dumb that I see this and go "ah sick an update on the aluminum ball" but here we are
So miss Adam and Mythbusters.
I would like to see you make another ball. You've likely learned something that you can implement to make the ball more ball-y or some such
We had 200 ft by 1 ft...5 seconds later...thats 200 ft²...you're definitely an engineer adam
I think the material most often carried by the water jet is garnet.
I was thinking about the first video today happy to see it open
Not me thinking Adam had created a demon core…
Adam please make a video of you polishing the Aluminium ball half.
I would guess some silica mix.  We used to use sand laden water to cut steel in the oilfield. Really abrasive stuff and cuts amazingly well at hi pressure.  Dangerous too
I knew the waterjet would do it
Wow, I expected it to be a lot less dense in the middle.
you gotta melt 1 half down to see the difference without the air
Sand and polish it!
Fun to see. Water jets just uses sand. Very filtered sand and I think we imported it from Australia.
the sequel to demon core
Does aluminium foil have plastic in it or is an extra malleable alloy? Why doesn't it crack in normal use? I have always wondered this. Most other aluminium like tubes and structural angle, or the chips of it, is sticky and malleable somewhat but more brittle than steel or brass, and thin steel or brass I think would crack with so much movement???
*Pokes aluminum ball with pencil* “Yah.”  I felt that bro.
Garnet for stone i know
next time use Aluminium 😆
Now send half to "Will It Blend?"
Aluminum is a very gummy, and soft material compared to most.. Grippy isn’t a bad way to explain it, but gummy is the route lol.. Smartest HT I’ve ever met 😂
Use a wire EDM to cut the next one in half
It looks like a weathered rock so cool!
Omg he so old! "Looks in mirror" omg!!!
Love it
I actually thought oh good he got it cut in half lol.
Since an aluminum ball will have a lot of air in it, what would happen if you put it into a vacuum chamber?
Christ, for a second from the thumbnail I thought he was holding the demon core
I was half expecting him to use them like the coconuts from Monty Python
Often waterjet uses garnet media, and varying ‘coarseness’ in # mesh so like ‘80 mesh’ is kind of fine, and equivalent to about ‘220 grit’
If I had never seen a single one of your videos,  the face at 6:25 was worth a MILLION likes Alone!!!
New alloy airluminum
It’s a giant metallic malteaser 😂
the demon core
Curious if if floats.
Set the end in resin so you can polish it without changing the structure!
I decided to make my own foil ball after watching the first video and it ended up coming out way nicer than Adams, even has a mirrored finish.
Is Adam Savage making the Demon Core? Oh no
Nearly every water jet cutter you'll find (unless the part it is cutting has special qualities) will be using ground garnet as the cutting media.
you should Polish it!
Damn, he's so old...
I got a flextape ad when I opened this video
I love you, Adam. You have always kept me at the edge of my seat. #Learning
*tinfoil blushes, flattered by Adam-senpai*
Maybe you could polish it and seal it in resin.
Looks like the start of the demon core.
I thought you were gonna poke me in the eye with that mechanical pencil.
Holy shit you’re old why have I grown up
There is a Garnet mine near me that produces material for water jet cutting.
Demon Core
We used to make these things when we were kids growing up in NS, Canada. The cigarettes of the time (mid 90s-early 00s) came in packs with a 2ply foil/paper wrapper inside the thin cardboard outer shell. If you singed the edge of the foil, and/or run a lighter quickly over the foil side, you could peel the paper cleanly off, and be left with an extremely thin, almost - but not quite - gold-leaf style aluminum foil. We would constantly be checking old cig packs for the foil inners to keep adding to our big shiny aluminum balls.
The abrasive that is used in waterjets is usually just sand, fine grit but natural sand. You can also use crushed glass, and potentially even something like a fine aluminum oxide blasting medium, but I've never seen it done.  In my 15 years of running waterjets, we've only ever used waterjet sand, but we mostly cut stainless and aluminium.
man ive waited so long for this xD
Here's my question. What sort of soap cleans your hands after making that aluminium ball? Something akin to gojo pumice soap?
ADAM WAIT! DON’T CUT THE DEMON CORE IN HALF!!
Thought that was the Demon Core in the thumbnail💀
After watching this video, I went to my own aluminum ball and said, "you are a Ball, will always be a Ball". Everything is fine, now.
You think a hydraulic press would get more air out of it?
someone send him walmart OGP stickerball
Since you're no stranger to staged reaction shots, how will we ever know if they're genuine?
Its water and Garnet Sand. Waterjet cutting is fun.
Quite cool how the halves sound like coconut or wood when knocked together. I assume that has to do with density difference within the material, fun stuff.
I'm curious to see if you can make an aluminum ball with uniform density compressing the ball upon every roll of the foil. Then it would be interesting to compare it with ball.
Wheres Morty at, Rick?
He looks so much like nilered
"garnet"
When are you gonna recreate the coconut scene from monty python with the aluminum ball halves? :D
This dude makes me appreciate science like no other ever since I was a teen, amazing human being!
As always, I love your enthusiasm!! I’ve been doing stuff like this for over twenty years but I always learn something new from you!
I can imagine, well sort of how the earth is made.
ah man. It makes me just a tiny bit happier to see Adam so into something!
Frank Drebin: Everything reminds me of her.
Cant believe Adam put a ball on tinfoil into a microwave to make that. Amazing!!!
Education and a show, exactly what I was hoping for out of this.
i worked with a waterjet, and we used sand to cut with
During your prediction, I was imagining an M&M with a head of lettuce in the middle haha
I love how he had to cut it open haha. I’d want to keep it looking nice, but it’s interesting to see.
Water jets us Red Garnet as the abrasize.
Pay to win makes it gambling. Not competitive.
Try cutting next ball with EDM wire cutting. It does not put any force on the piece that is being cut, and i suppose it will allow for better inspection of the layers after cutting.  With water jet, there is probability that it would drag some aluminium foil layers and make the layers invisible
Did anybody else see the thumbnail and think he was going to do something with the Demon Core?
"wrap this up." foil wrap? well, ok. its a stretch. not stretch wrap... i do BBQ. foil wrap is a topic there.
Super good follow-up!
Now let's play with a plutonium core.
My Lord...the hair!!
looks like a good tool for making horse clops
Us gallium to get through it
If you want to punish aluminium use gallium
It's amazing how solid it sounds
Please show us you sand it!
They used garnets
The way the thumbnail looked like you were playing with the demon core
Most waterjetts function with Garnett! :)
You should make a aluminium cube
They often use SAND in the water cutting jet.
why did I think this man had the demon core in his hands and was about to end everyone in a 10 mile radius lol
Can you scoop out the middle like a coconut
that bandsaw clip had me thinking man the world is going to lose a great fabricator when adam loses both hands =)
Finally!
thin foil rules!! :D
All that's left now before they are sent back... is to play them like coconut halves like in Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
The pressure is usually 4.136 Bar (or 60.000 psi)
I never knew to took for the water jet channel….I feel a binge marathon coming on for the weekend. Thank you!
i just love how interested in stuff you are it inspires and is awsome.
Hey Adam, the cutting agent is typically Ruby or diamond dust.
Wow I actually thought it was the water itself that did the cutting.
POLISH IT. POLISH ONE OF THE HALVES.  MICROSCOPE.
I'm soooo Glad I seen this video on my recommended!! it killed the curiosity i forgot I had lol
Should compress it and see how well it does insulating against high heat with all that air inside it. May be interesting.
Zero engineering/craft chops, but as he was recounting figuring out ways to cut it I immediately thought "water knife". So thanks Adam and Tested, because my brain *did not* work this way before👍🏽
I remember I watched this guy like 5 years ago on my moms account
A satisfying conclusion for the last video
It looks like an aluminum Whopper/Malteaser.
Now you gotta make one as dense as you possibly can lol
He has a ruler tattooed into his arm. Genius.
After completing the aluminum foil ball your next challenge is the “Penney Rub”. Using one hand and two pennies  only, rub them together until both have no detectable stamping remaining. Make a YouTube video of your progress at the end of ten years. 👍😳👍
I still think it should be cut using EDM...  Also, if you're going to do it again, use a hammer from the get go. Don't unwind the complete roll and bunch it together, start off small and compress it with a hammer as you go, adding layers. It won't give the spongy interior, but should be interesting as well.
WOuld love to see if you could get the inner lair to come out. and maybe make a metal coconut shell
You should cut one of the hemispheres once more using wire EDM, then you can compare the differences in cutting methods.
Great videos! I think you should try this with a different kind of foil!
Kinda like an old tree trunk. Air inside and denser outside.
That’s awesome
Awww hell naw not the demon core
I freaking love you and all your crazy fun stuff!!! Too bad Mythbusters didn't work out, but you are awesome!
An old man's game... What use was this whole "project?" Even Waterjet Channel was "honored to participate" xD
Me looking at the thumbnail; my first thought:  “Hi! Adam savage here. What i have constructed here is two of plutonium-gallium hemispheres that when put together will be within 5% of critical mass to allow for stable storage as well as easy and reliant detonation. *NOW FOR THE HANDY DANDY SCREWDRIVER* “
Another tinfoil ball? How about using hydraulic hammer, imagine that
Gold foil ball.
Next time you make a Aluminum Foil ball, are you going to place it in an air vacuum?
I know there are plenty of trapped dirt particulates within the layers during its formation - but I would like to see whether you would be able to tig weld the outer and inner layers - even weld it back together🤔 just for curiosity sake - may act like Mazak alloy (horrible)…. 👌👌👌👌👍 its sound was like an air-brick / ceramic
Spoiler: the package is full of severed fingers and a glass eye!!
I so wanted to see you clapping them together like the coconuts on Monty pythons holy grail!
Water jets normally use garnett as the abrasive.
I wonder what it would look like if the cut side was polished.
Loved Mythbusters.  Watching Adam geek out about this ball getting cut in half for 7 minutes wasn’t interesting.
If you hollow it out it will surely block the radiation from uranium...right?
Now you need to roll it back into 200 feet of foil!
Is that the myth busters guy ?
As a person who's ran four fingers on my right hand through a table saw, I'm glad you stopped trying to cut that and sent it out to get water jetted! It was making me pretty antsy watching you try different ways to cut that ball up last video! 😂
Garnet is what I thought most of them used. Can even be reclaimed from the tank and reused.
now do it with gold or silver foil
About f’in time!
Test the density so you know how much air is in it!
I hate to seeing Adam getting old 😭
What! No lasers… So sad
FINALLY MUAHAHAHHAHAAAA
What if he opened it up and it was just the water?
First time I’ve noticed the tattoo, that’s gotta be the most useful one ever!
Sand and polish it!!!
Its an aluminum malt ball
I was hoping they would have cut it perpendicular to Adam's earlier cutting attempts, so we could see what effect those had on the material. Oh well.
Cody's lab did something much like this already except with a gold foil ball, y'all should collaborate.
Anybody knows what watch he's wearing?
Trust me, losing fingers is greatly over rated lol
why was he laughing the tire time unboxing it?
DIP IT IN ACID!!! I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THAT!!!
MELT IT DOWN AND CAST AN ALUMINIUM BALL AND MAKE A TROPHY!!!!!! LIKE A DISPLAY
Your curiosity never gets old Adam. thanks man.
Maybe you could use that automatic hammer people use in smithing videos?  Also, that ball is like a reverse planet isn't it? Because there are more mass on the outside its gravity would be stronger near the surface than the core, right?
Polish them up & add some nipples?
it literally looks like a stone
you should send this to the slowmo guys and have them film it sitting on a table at 45,000 fps
The moment Adam tried to cut it with the bandsaw, I knew this would be the inevitable conclusion!
To me, as a machinist person, I find this channel pretty fun. I wonder why everyone seems to think that any kind of aluminum is "aircraft aluminum"?  That makes it sound really good, but your remark of 6061 aircraft aluminum sounds like nonsense.   I guess any kind of aluminum used in an aircraft, which is almost all kinds of aluminum, sounds exotic.  It is not.  A great amount of the parts in an aircraft are not "specifically" aircraft aluminum.  That is like making a big deal about "structural STEEL".  The fact is, structural steel (A36 spec, what I beams and H beams are made from) are some of the lowest spec steels available, just going by tensile strength.  Same for "aircraft grade aluminum".  6061 aluminum is a crap grade of aluminum when it comes to aircraft, used to cut costs when you don't need anywhere close to maximum strength, and machining times are secondary to material costs.  I work with this stuff.  If I had my druthers, 6061 is one of the last aluminum alloys I would choose to make parts from.  It's just barely good enough, and certainly cheap enough.  You want aircraft metal?  You use 7075 (expensive, very strong) or titanium (really, really expensive and really really strong.)  6061 is a throw away metal.  That's why so much crap is made from it.  Just because they may use it for the frame of a passenger seat in an airliner doesn't make it special.  What they make the jet engines out of... that is special.  What they make the landing gear from... that is special. 6061 is the potting soil of aluminum alloys.  Throw it out and get some more from Ace Hardware next year...
The particulates in a water jet can be Al2O3, but usually granate sand is used since it's cheaper.
thought this man was holding the demon core for a second
I haven't seen Adam Savage since.... i don't know ten years ago on tv. I'll just say this video was very very enjoyable. It tickled me happy.
It looks like an aluminum malteser. Or spherical sponge toffee.
You need to send this to the Hydraulic Press channel and see what they can do with all this aluminum
Aluminum foil ***
it's not only air trapped inside - there's also a lot of aluminiumoxide because there was a lot of Al-surface in the first place. If you bake this together you should get a really hard Al-alloy due to this corundum.
Polish it
Yeah a water jet.... or just use a vice and a saw????
adam looks old here....
poke the middle please
There are suggestions that the moon has a higher density on the outside compared to the inside, perhaps someone made the moon out of foil ?
Why is there more air on the inside?
been waiting for this one lol
Oh my god yes! I forgot about this!
Q: Heyyyy Adam!  What can code, kinematics, and partial diff eq tell us about complex biological systems evolved by the accumulation of eons of countless selective pressures and punctuated equilibria?    A: SHUT UP AND STICK ME!  People I hate don't want it!  THEY couldn't solve for the exit temperature of a well-mixed solution to save their LIVES!   p.s. I *loved* the show when it and I were both larval
Adam will always be a Mythbuster. 😁
Send it out to get it electro-polished now!!
https://youtube.com/shorts/DrIed03VjY4
Now you should sent it to the Hydraulic Press Channel!
Pause...up quality..unpause Also I've never seen that tattoo and I think I want it now.
Wire cutting (EDM) could have been a better option to cut it in half
Time to send these two halves off to the Hydraulic Press Channel 😁
You should anondize the aluminum to keep it durable and strong but not ruin the cool texture the waterjet cut made on the ball! There is a do it yourself technique.
Send it to Peter Brown / shop time to cast it and then polish it!
Put it in a vice and use a sawzaw, or hack saw.
lol this is so nerdy. I love it!
The demon core
What knockers!
ngl from just the thumbnail i was like did adam make a demon core?
You do know our PM is a dictator right 😬🤦🏼‍♀️ My parents immigrated to Canada from a German Dictator so it’s seriously twisted to like our praise Trudeau. We all watch him hob knob with the leftist and elite even when he’s COVID positive. While we had Covid camps here and 14 day quarantines like China.  Canadians enjoyed our freedoms until he came in like a wrecking ball. Treating our truckers who PEACEFULLY protested with Canadian families that would include small children btw….hence the bouncy castles at the protest. Trudeau froze people’s BANK ACCOUNTS if they contributed financially to help the Freedom Convoy. He had the RCMP on horseback RIDE THROUGH running people over. One was a grandmother who was hospitalized with a dislocated shoulder ffs. Now here’s the hypocrisy he has to issues with the pride parade though with nude Gus waving their junk …. LITERALLY with children seeing it. You see the troubled looks on their little faces it’s so sick but that’s ok 👍🏼. He SCREAMS women should have the right to choose what they do with their bodies if they want to kill a baby they carry up to 36 weeks. That’s murder btw and if you disagree watch a video on how a baby lives in the womb ITS ALIVE. But then force’s vaccines on the very women who do not want to subject THEIR BODIES to. I can go on for days unfortunately about this pos Canadians loathe. I’m only spilling these truths because I like your show and it irked me seeing you with him on social media.
Can it float on water?
What a nerd
The common material used in water jet is granite.
Aluminum is STILL not tin.  Just saying...
Could you try to cut it with a guillotine...???
Next time look into getting such an item like that cut with a wire edm machine.  Itll cut a straight line accurate to a thousandth of an inch with no actual contact to the item being cut.
well I waisted less time watching this than he did making it. no new science here , nice guy but ,,,, ?
"...time to wrap this up" - apt, considering that's exactly what the ball is!
or heat it up first......your welkome
Putting gallium on one half might be interesting. Seems like a waste, though.
You should polish that.
NEVER have I seen this channel. What a positive happy MF. The gratitude he has is inspiring.
Now unravel it
It's really kind of wild how different the interior structure is from the gold foil ball that Cody (of his Lab) cut in half a few years back. I was really expecting to see more delineated layers, like a mostly solid crust surrounding a sort of flaky, sheeted inner structure. Also super interested to see how you decide to display these, resin would be a fun choice and I think at this point the guys at the Waterjet channel can probably offer no small amount of expertise on that topic
"Glass Tube Particle Accelerator" sounds more badass than Liquid Crystal Display
That would have been ironic if your Aluminum ball was cut with Aluminum oxide  Now the big question: are you going to clop the two halves together as you walk around like a Monty Python coconut?
Howabout: aluminum coconut shells so you can make a metallic version of King Arthur "galloping" around England looking for the Holy Grail?
4:34 - Yes please!
Adam looks good for 54
Vice and a sawzall………. Pretty simple guy
Saw the build of this ball, happy to finally see it's insides. Thanks for the update Adam.
Aloooominum 🤣🤣🤣 gets me every time
Now turn it back into foil :D
Adam looks pretty drunk. Thought he quit drinking?
Wonder how it would melt. Would it separate and melt or would it for gas bubbles from the spaces and create tiny "explosions" and then melt? I think it would look cool
Garnet
Maybe using a hydrolic press for the next one? Or try different techniques?
I saw a thumbnail of Adam holding two halves of a metalic ball and instantly clicked mildly thinking that it was plutonium for some reason  But lets be honest Would you doubt that he would play with a ball of plutonium?
Ah, this was the closure I needed!
Now you have to press a steel ball into the center and turn it into a bowl.  If you see this comment, I know you're tempted.
Make another, and hammer the cuts into a grail?
Garnet
Some waterjets use powdered garnet like the one at my job uses
Angle grinder within aluminum  cutting disc
Wow if you actually believe this is intelligence then maybe you should retire 🤔 like Josephina BRANDON;)
Why is aluminum foil often called tin foil? I thought it was because tin foil was once common, but now aluminum foil is more common, and the name just stuck. But if someone as technically experienced as Adam calls it tin foil, maybe I am missing something. Is it tin foil?
That really is a satisfying thunk sound.
when I ran waterjets we used powdered garnet
Please test different fly traps- homemade with different bait vinegar vs honey etc, and which electric bug zapper is the best? Thanks! 💯
I have been waiting for this!!!!!
Send it to the hydraulic press channel now!
Can't believe you still say "tin" foil. It's NOT tin, already.
Your next ball you should use sheets of aluminum that way is more controlled.
Wow it almost looks like the moon
Who wants a Mythbuster Alloy Foil Episode now ? XD
Have you had any experience with a Klein bottle.  They are a close approximation of a 3-dimensional möbius loop wit only a single side.  Wishing you and your family a blessed week, gentle weather and restful evenings.  Peace Adam
Looks suspiciously like the demon core
They will be repurposed in time.  What to you think?  What will they become.  All guesses welcomed.
YES, I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
Put it in a vice???
How soon until we begin making an Aircraft out of Aluminum Foil?
The aluminum feels like aluminum guys 🤣
this probably should have been a 90 second video
The easiest way to do that (and most things) is to get someone else to do it. That’s a no brainer. Get them to do that on an agreed upon price and then chisel them down afterwards, or flat out don’t pay them at all…now that’s the American way!!!
If you press on the middle part... does it collapse on the weight and becomes more like the sides?
I wonder if "I'm going to have to wrap this up" was pun intended?? 🤔😂
I legit thought it was just water at a high pressure.
The aggregate used is carborundum which is made with silicon carbide. It is an abrasive material that looks like sand and is used to resurface. materials.  You can use carborundum to level a stone in Lithography.
This is just wild! I have to watch the video when you made the ball. I have to try it!
From the thumbnail I thought it was the demon core
How large would a 30 foot foil ball be?
Hmmm. . .looks an awful like The Demon Core. . . . that thing that's recently gotten a lot of MEME attention. . . . . HMMMMMMM. . . .
You should've used a Wire EDM machine. The things that they can do are insane. Sort of similar to water just but the part gets submerged into a tank of water and a copper wire gets fed through the machine using electricity to cut the part.
Unroll it.
now try and make a bowl out of one side to see if you can hammer the inside out
Before you polish the interior...you might consider filling the voids with a clear epoxy. Throughout the polishing process I could see some of the Aluminum melting and filling in those voids. The epoxy would allow you to maintain the gaps that have been created.  Although, you won't have a ball of pure Aluminum Foil anymore. So, I guess it's up to you.
Love the video and idea, but people calling it “tin foil” is a pet peeve of mine and every time you say it i cringe just a lil bit 😂
OMG some of my fave channels!!
I believe they use garnet as the abrasive
As kids, my brother and I collected the aluminum foil out of cigarette packages for years, spent countless hours heating up the pieces of foil on an electric stove to separate the paper from the foil and then forged the indivual pieces onto the ball and rolled them between pieces of hardwood to build the ball up in size. Every relative that was a smoker (and that was a lot of them) were forced to keep all the foil out of their cigarette packages for us we would get them by the shoebox load at a time. I wonder how dense the inside of that ball would have been. The ball grew to about 3.1/2" in diameter and was extremely heavy indicating it was well forged together.
Freeze it then cut normally.
It's like an inverted star.
Tin foil? I have never actually seen "tinfoil "ever. Do they even make it?
He opened the package before he filmed and observed what it looked like. Then he resealed the box and made an “educated guess” on what he would see.
Sooooo if you made a new one and put it in a forge, how would that affect the core of it?
They look like Bender's feet. Make a Bender!
Why do you watch this guy? He is a racist, his tweets are rife with animosity for white people and it's completely unprovoked, he's filled with hate and contempt
How about cutting it in half with thermite! ^~^
Hi Adam. If you do attempt a second foil ball, may I suggest that you "pre-crinkle" the foil a bit before rendering it into the growing sphere. The last go-round you chose to wrap the sheet of foil around itself before compressing. It's the laminar interfaces between these layers that inhibited the compression into a more compact form. I would crinkle the sheet into a loose rope-like form, then work that rope in a radial-spiral motion around the center, compressing as you go. Good luck, and can't wait to see Aluminum Foil Ball v. 2.0!
now friction weld it back together!
the solution of water jet cutting is excellent.  as an alternative to using traditional saws, the sphere could be inserted into a cubic shape of some material suitable for cutting (plaster, cement, resin,?) in order to have safe support surfaces that would have prevented the rotation of the object.
Demon core vs Adam savage :-P
So that's how you make robot breast implants.
is the aluminum now going to end up in a hydraulic press?
You could play then like the coconut horse trotting sound on Monty Python
If you think water jet is cool, then take a look at water laser cutting where the water carries a laser beam. Now that is awesome. Being a automation engineer I have seen a lot, including working on equipment welding parts for the Ariane rocket, back in my later teens I am still totally blown away by water laser. Go check it out!
Those things would make a great set of knockers for a female humanoid robot.
They should cut Donald Trump's ego in half, I bet its full of voids.
Mormons are good at knocking on doors and cutting things in half...
I think the only logical use for these is to make them coconut shell props of the horse people in The Holy Grail
Could turn it into the infinity ball from guardians of the Galaxy
10,000 years from now, archaeologists will uncover 1/2 of this aluminum foil ball and claim that we used lightweight hammers for tools.
el rubio
I'm glad you didn't go with the hydraulic press channell
It’s good to see Adam and my investigative process starts the same. Poke it with a stick or something.
Why was a band saw out of the question?
Isn't this the second one you made the first had a smaller ball in the middle
So in theory you could make a ball where the middle also has a high density, right? You would need to hammer it right from the start, this would take longer of course
60,000 psi and garnet was used
I wonder how dense you could get it using a hydraulic press when constructing the ball?
After watching this I must say that dam you got old.
Saw the thumbnail and thought Adam was about to get blasted with radiation. Lol
If you determined the volume of the roll of tinfoil vs the volume of your ball you could find out how much air is left in it
You can see how the density changed the angle and path the jet took inside of the ball. So cool!
Hi Adam, great video as always. If you want to reduce the amount of air pockets in the center, wecise did one of these where they were hammering the foil while they were slowly unraveling it from the roll. https://youtu.be/koYud1zRtrM
Ever had metal fume fever?
I imagine that if you put a relatively loose ball of foil say in a clothes dryer it would compactify and become spherical over hours and hours of tumbling. Maybe you would need a more sturdy drum, say a small section of large steel pipe would do the job. I think it would take much longer than using a hammer, but it would certainly save a lot of effort.
But does it flote ?
Myth Adam can cut a foil ball on his own.  BUSTED!
I'm expecting to see a head of cabbage in reverse.
FOIL.. first outer inner LOTS OF HIGH INTENSE SPEED WATER
I haven't seen you open the box yet, but I have to tell you if there aren't a couple fake severed fingers in this box, I'm going to be terribly disappointed.
what would happen if you press or hammer the layers of foil from the start, would this reduce the air and make it more solid in the centre ?
Foiled again!
I would hammer the middle in and make a bowl.
Sand and polish it please!
Now polish the flat side of one of them!
I don't trust that orb, last time I heard about an orb cut in half it killed a man.
It is interesting to me how the lines of the waterjet bend towards the bottom, showing how the jet loses pressure as it cuts deeper through the ball.
Polish it clean it up and make a display case for it like proof Tony Stark has a heart with some sort of lighting that would be cool
Looks like the moon but not hollow ... lol
Hi
I'm picturing a Monty Python sketch with both halves as you pretend to ride a horse HA!
What if you make a small, golf-ball sized one, condense it down as much as possible, then slowly add more layers?could you create uniform density that way?
Crap.  now I want to do this to make a solid-aluminum monkey-fist for my boat's dock lines to make them easier to throw
still didnt think about putting the ball in the vice? lmao
Seeing the two half spheres is giving me a scary sense of deja vu at least he's not separating them with a screwdriver
Adam is turning into Jeff Goldblum.  And that's not a bad thing.
Adam, I'm sixty-one years old and I still make aluminum foil balls! I'm very fond of Reese's Pieces, and I use the foil wrappers to make multi colored foil balls. I make them various sizes and I put them in a candy dish for a colorful display. My grandchildren think that I'm evil for making fake chocolate candy balls, so I always have some of the "good stuff" available for when they visit. I pack my foil balls rock hard, and now I want to cut one in half (you are a master enabler, Adam). I haven't decided yet on how to cut one, but I have various thin blade saws at my disposal. I really dig your aluminum foil ball, Adam, it's very geeky, and I love geeky!
You should put aluminium foil in a hydraulic press
I'm an scanning electron microscopist and it would be absolutely fascinating to look at this cross section microscopically!
I believe they actually use sand in waterjets!
This is not the collab we wanted, it is the collab we NEEDED!
Thank you so much for a conclusion to this project. I was really impressed with the method of the making of the foil ball, and really disappointed when we couldn't see inside.  The wait was worth it! The inside is cooler than the outside.  Thanks again,  A long time fan
Just hearing you say "I want to sand it and polish it." aroused me x). Sanding this thing must be a blast!
It's called garnet
Disappointed that he didn't decide to build his own water jet cutter instead
just curious, would the pressure chamber be able to compress it even further and rid the air at it's center?
When Adam Savage says something is too dangerous, you should definitely not attempt it.
What's really funny...   is your DLP TV you mention in the Waterjet Channel's Video...  is just 3 of those tiny B/W Cathode Tubes, behind a big magnifier column, each with a colored filter in front of it.  :-P  Exact same technology as this tiny TV, but just more of them.  :-D
The thumbnail made me think Adam Savagr was gonna play with a demon core lol
=SO IT'S BASICALLY AN ALUMINUM CORUNDUM COMPOSITE  =BUT IT'S TOO BRITTLE SO HAVING NO PRACTICAL APPLICATION,I SUPPOSE
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Make another and shoot it from a cannon.
Thank you for saying you'd follow up, and actually do it!  If you could also get back to the Rhombic Dodecahedron, and build one for real like you said in 2020. I would thoroughly appreciate it, and so would Matt Parker, probably.
i wonder what putting either the uncompressed, lightly pressed ball into a vacuum or - better yet - making the entire ball in vacuum would end up like
I wonder what its insulation properties are like. The aluminium being a conductor, but the air gaps being an insulator?
you probably could have set it in a silicone mold and just cut the square mold with imbedded ball in half?
Polish the cut face and acid etch it
I wonder how it would look like if you put a big drop of mercury in the middle of it.
"I'm gonna make a little display and send one of these halves back to you" This is why so many people love Adam Savage. He's so thankful for peoples help and generous enough to share his joy and ingenuity with them. I love the fact that there are loads of little pieces of Adams love and passion out there in the world just because he loves building things for himself and others, and always seems to want everyone he meets to have some kind of memento. It's so wholesome.
I think a way to make a solid aluminum ball would be to start small and eventually go bigger
under the microscope? 🤔
Would be awesome and supremely impractical to do this with pure aluminum foil, before it oxidizes, under vacuum conditions. Ideally the foil should cold weld to itself so it really WOULD become a solid metal candy coating
Adam made his own Demon Core.
Now throw it in a vakuum chamber
Ummmmm... magnifying glass or microscope?
That's a weird coconut
why didn't you sand & polish it in the same video?
What is/where can I get the cool light stand you have attached to the desk?
Thank the lord he is going to make another ball
Saw the cover, thought it was a demon core, saw the title, was relieved
Oh thank god... I was begging to try to put it back together
How about this, fill the center "airy" area of one side to keep it from getting damaged. Then sand and polish. Hollow out the other, leaving the outer 1/4 in or so of the hardest outer shell. Then sand and polish as well. I think the result when finished will speak for itself.
So this is not the Demon Core ...
Tinfoil???  Cummon, man, get a grip.
i want to se you do another but more compact in the center
No, Adam, you’re cool!
I used to watch the water jet channel all the time. When they were still doing water jet stuff. Now it's mainly just random stuff
It comes with the full guarantee - if it breaks in half you get to keep both halves...
I'm with Adam. Please, please, _please_ do polish it! I would love to see it polished, whether it will show rings in it or not.
Density of such a particular value you might say it has a specific gravity of sorts
He can talk about polishing poop for an hour and I'd be tuning in like kids watching Frozen.
I used to operate a water jet cutter and we used garnet as our abrasive. I approve of sanding and polishing these pieces
You know what would be an interesting physics demonstration, make a bunch of different shaped volumes using the same method of the foil ball, then quarter or even slice them up to observe the different ways the geometry distributes the force.
Sand and Polish one half, leave the other raw. My vote.
"It's aluminum, but it's not quite aluminum." Yes it is! just because you crumpled it up and made a reasonably dense ball but with a bunch of craters out of it doesn't mean the element has changed! Maybe FFR you'd say that it just doesn't seem like _typical_ aluminum.
Amazing!  I love seeing Adam's joy as he gets to experiment!  "I think it's time to wrap this up" in aluminium foil! :D
"Tin foil"? It's aluminum, and you even said so later!
That is actually a pretty solid piece. Really has a knocking sound similar to, well, a block of alu And completely agree on the "grippiness" of aluminium. From my dremel experience I know that iron/steel makes sparks and that's it, but alu is a huge mess and gets how. Cutting it dry throws dust everywhere and wet creates a nasty sludge.
This made me wonder, what if our planet looks like this due to being formed by pressure
*Adam, no! Get away from that That's the Demon Core!* ☢️☢️☢️
keiser used to make a huge roll of foil the B52s would shoot out the side of the plane to chaff the radar, electronic warfare 101.   i mean huge long rolls, same foil, just bigger longer warrior style.   come out to play
can you try please to place this ball in a vacuum (or oxygen free environment), clean the oxidation layer (maybe acid?) and see if it would auto weld?
1:20 HANG ON................HANG THE FUCK ON!!!!!! Is this not Mythbusters (well.. you know what i mean )  HOW WAS THE FIRST SUGGESTION NOT.............................................................  A LIGHTSABER Cmon..... !!!!!!
I was suspecting watch more voids near the core then there is
Thought Adam had a demon core on the thumbnail
"Wow, feels like aluminum." - as he's holding an aluminum ball... riveting revelations.
My dad made one when I was little.  He started with biscuit wrappers and rolled it in the palm of his hands and carried on till it was about the size of a cricket ball.  Not sure where it is now?
got that mad scientist hair going on now
Now, send it to the hydraulic press channel to watch it get squished!
Silver boobs....Silver boobs....It's Christmastime, in the city...
I really want to see one side of that sanded flat and polished! Maybe sent their half back original, so you can see the lines still. Encased in resin maybe
household aluminium is way thicker than "a micron or 2" it would have to be atleast 15-20 microns otherwise it would be transparent and absolutely uselessly fragile.
Most water jets use garnet as an abrassive.
I searched Demon Core once and the wierdest stuff is getting recommended to me now.
nothing to see here just a geratric trans woman playing with his balls
Thank you for calling it tin foil.
Make a contraption that continuously hammers a tinfoil ball into shape, just leave it on for months to get the foil as densely packed as possible and do regular updates
TIL waterjets use a media to cut things instead of it being the water. But what makes a pressure washer cut open my finger like butter? Thank you for all the years of wonder in science.
what if you took a foil of a different metal and made a ball of that? (lead or gold would be cool!)
I am so satisfied.
Adam reached the top and is now spending his life making metal croissants and then cutting them in half with high end machinery
So happy to finally have resolution about that ball
omfg  I hated nearly every minute of this
Forbidden Malteser
My thoughts was I wonder if you could do the same process again but make several foil balls if it is possible out of different soft metal and make it into a metal version of a planet cut through model
You should try making an aluminum cube out of foil with a hydraulic press
3:15 “fuck, this isn’t what I expected.”
Please sand and polish one half and take some high res photos, I'm very curious to see the "grain" as it were visually emerge from that!
Nothing in that ball is aluminum. There is no such thing. ALUMINIUM on the other hand is very real....
Don't remove the screwdriver
Could have also put it in clear resin and make it into a block and have the ball I'm the middle that would have made it easier to cut in half
I remember patiently removing the paper backing from the foil cigarettes are packaged in and hitting it with a small metal cartridge ( smooth surfaced ) until I had an eighth sized baseball. Took me a couple of years to do this. Very relaxing " hobby " .
brush some gallium on the cut side.
ALU-MINI-UM
Use a vice and a saw
Can you use a rockwell hardness tester?!
Why americans say "aluminum", the rest of the world call that "aluminium"?
Please do strength tests with this and compare it with foamaluminium
You should melt the same amount of aluminium down and cast it into a sphere to see how different the size is compared to the compression method.
I find it incredibly appropriate that Mr. Savage's hair is looking more and more "Mad Scientist" with each passing video.
It'd be tricky, but if whilst producing the sphere the compression is done within a vacuum chamber it may help to reduce the internal aeration  Or simply apply much larger compression in the early stages in order to repeatedly drive the formation of that denser shell like layer,  not 100% sure if we can assume the rough width of the shell witll be consisted as the radii of the sphere increases, but at the very least it can be used as a rough gauge of how far apart the larger compressions need to be to form roughly overlapping shell layers (it won't be homogenous, but without melting it or using solvents, I'm not sure how you'd achieve that)
What's the logic for why the ball is densest at the edges and more airy in the middle? I'd have figured the center would be densest, just because they had the most pounding. Would it have just been because it was awkward compacting the aluminum at small sizes, so the sheet crumpled less uniformly?
I'm glad you didn't take my suggestion of using a lightsaber
Very cool! I'm pretty impressed at how solid the first inch or so ended up!
So how dense is it compared to the aluminum that the foil is made of? Maybe you can put it in a bag and do a water displacement test to measure the volume?
Suggestion I would make it again and then cut it with a wire EDM
Looks like concrete.
Every time my cat hears aluminum foil she runs over, waiting for me to make her a new ball XD
Hey Adam, let’s Anodize it I run a large anodizing line and would lone to see what it dose
Very apropos that is looks like a moon
Okay, on your next one, start with a small ball and pound it until it's solid, and as you feel confident that it is perfectly uniformally dense, add on another series of layers and pound that into a solid. The challenge is, can you create a perfectly solid tin foil ball over multiple iterations? As the radius increases, you'll need more foil, but there's probably also going to be an optimal incremental radius required to preserve uniform density, and the amount of tin foil required for each incremental layer probably follows some mathematical equation similar to the area of a sphere.
No real closeup - booo
Looks like a cabbage cut in half.
Interesting: pretty sure I was the first (and possibly the only) person to suggest the water jet approach on the original video a few hours after it was uploaded. I think I got about 3 likes for the suggestion compared to the dozens of likes for folks who suggested making plexiglass and wood jigs, die grinders, etc. go figure.  A shoutout from Adam would have cheered up my month but it’s just great to see that he managed to make it happen. 👍
the vid thumbnail made me think he made a demon core replica.....
🤗🪚
They put emerald sand in it.
The energy of Adam is infectious.
turn it in the lathe \ \
I wonder if a vacuum wouldn’t help make a batter ball.
Never thought aluminum could look like rough concrete.
Maybe try to do it in layers. And to make it even, roll a couple layers in one way, a couple more in the opposite way, then a third layer in the z-axis equivalent way until the roll is done. Once you get a layer on, hammer it down until it's solid, continue. It could be more equally round by the time you finish.
As a fellow maker I would recomend vacume impregnating with transparent apoxy resin an then polishing
The inside looks like cement..weird..🤷‍♂️😳🧐
Ok I finally sleep for a week and now after my partner tweek cut it in half for me and I'm only a half gram in trying to remember what happened
Back in the 70’s and 80’s in Canada, there was a rumour that, if you saved up the tinfoil backs of the inner packaging from cigarette packs and rolled into a huge ball, much like your tinfoil ball, you could trade it in “somewhere” and provide a needy person with a free wheelchair.   🤷🏻‍♂️   I personally made one about the size of a softball but had no idea where to go with it.
Grippy or sticky?
I think if you had compacted the core of it better it would be more dense throughout.  You were wadding it up at first and didn't bring out the hammer until you have a ball going.  If you hammer it earlier, it should become more dense in the middle
COMING SOON!! Adam Savage's Water Jet Channel!  I honestly can't believe you don't own a water jet table!
"Lets bring the light in here" *fucking murders a parrot in the process*
Try using Wire EDM to cut the ball in half. It should preserve the inner structure of the ball allowing you to see  the layers more distinctly as with waterjet the abrasive particles will change the surface structure of the cut face
Does it float?
Adam, that's not your aluminum ball, those are robot boobies.
That's what I imagine the inside of the moon looks like!
Does that count as Damascus aluminium?
that's a demon core
You got really lucky.  I had to get many stitches trying to cut wood that was a lot less circular than that.  As it spun, the wood smashed my thumbs into the table of the band saw.
Fun fact that popped into my head as I watched this, You automatically know what it would feel like to lick anything just by you looking at it and imagining to lick it. The tongue knows.
Hydraulic press for the next foil ball?
Ha! This was my suggestion.
He looks like a kid in a candy shop ❤️ I love how happy and excited he looks
Dude right on time. I literally just watched the foil ball episode a few days ago. Now I have closure. I love this man :)
Anyone else getting mad "Demon Core" vibes from this thing, or is it just me?
Not me making a giant aluminum teserract for LARPing
Finally!!
A friend of mine has an aluminum ball the size of a bowling ball made from the foil from cigarette packs, and yes him and his wife are about as healthy as one would expect.
I thought it would look like a dense bunch flower petals. Very cool how solid it is.
I say when you make another compress it little by little while adding foil so it’s completely  a similar density
More tin foil ball! Do another one and try to smash the middle better.
Sand that is what cuts with the water jet
Waterjet Channel uses powdered sapphire ruby or garnet, cant remember which.
EDM wire the next one in half.
It’s not tinfoil, it is aluminum foil. They haven’t made tin foil in 75 years 🤣
Often I find myself enjoying this kind of content and all of a sudden the thought pops up: "someone is literally thinking of ways to find fresh water and enough food rn, and here I am wondering how the inside of this aluminum ball will look like sanded and polished".....
This guy can talk about anything and still make it interesting.
Agh the demon core
You will notice he actually shows the result in the thumbnail, instead of clickbait.
Paint in a light reactive material for the pitting to show, stabilize it with resin and then polish it!
Awesome! Totally polish the half you keep, encase it in a resin and make a nice book-end of it! From initial cut it looks like the moon lol:)
I would have mounted the ball in a wood jig and cut it with a table saw or band saw.
Adam you absolutely should polish one half that
That aluminum ball is like his son.
You could polish zose, and turn zem into some vonderful knockers😂
It’s not tin foil, it’s aluminum foil. Tin foil has been out of use for decades.
I thlught it was a demons core prop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPlqLHcphyw biggest balls of them all....hahaha
Make a gold or silver one
What .... so what does this do Sta
Ahh closure
*Man plays with aluminium foil for two videos*  750,000 people: _INTERESTING..._
make a bowl out of one half
I’m wondering if a layered technique could possibly cut down on the air bubbles formed inside. Though that would then create a jawbreaker effect with layers but maybe there is a way around it.
What's the density?  Curious how close you can get to the actual density of aluminum.
"oh wow I kind of want to sand and polish this" >me "yes please yes please"  also was going to suggest polishing one half with keeping the other rough!
5:36   Or or or or or
1 of 2? Isn't it one of 360?
This video reunion really...sniff...cuts deep.... Foiled again! OK, I'm leaving now.
think of it  like  aircreat  or  you guys  did  icecreat  once. if not  liquid poured  you will never get a  solid no mater  how much pressure you use.  .  you half the  distance  , half the  distance   ect  and  so  on,,,,,, BUT there is always a  layer of  air between  every layer
Next time, do some kind of density test. Maybe an Xray or ultrasound.
Should have sent them Justin Trudeau too when you guys were hangin last month…what happened Adam? You used to be cool
Make bigger bowl and hollow it out to make a demon core lookalike
YESSSSS FINALLY
Not going too lie. That looks like nothing I thought it would!  It’s like an aluminium pumice stone! 🤔
How many of us are going to attempt to make one of these? It is on my list for sure.
Rats! The aluminum ball has been foiled again!
Please polish it.
Adam knew exactly that he couldn't cut the ball with a normal saw but he did it anyways😂
Adam really let me down on this one thought you were going to show us how to do it not have someone else do it for you I still think putting it inside of a pipe and cutting the pipe in half would have worked best
As soon as you started tapping them together I was hoping you'd make them into two coconut halves and a monte python reference.
Waterjets mainly use a precious stone known as Garnet as the abrasive allowing it to cut
so much engineer phuggery - thanks dude
I would definitely love to see that sanded, lapped, and polished.
Would you compare the center of the ball to be more dense, but In Theory aligned with aerogel?
manual do mundo
I cant be the only one who thinks that internal structure resembles the how density is distributed within mammal bones.  I would love to see someone make an aluminum femur with this method and compare its strength and flexibility to other materials and see how it compares as an analog.
Only sand and polish HALF of the inner surface so you can see the difference!
I want them to be used as coconut hooves from monty python...
Now make a Newton's Cradle out of them.
You need to polish that one before you make another.
I would try to immerse it in resin before you try and polish the surface. Other wise all of the less dense interior is just going to get pulled out by the buffer or sandpaper that you use.
I'm gunna need you to take hammer and make those into bowls sir
And with that, Adam can now make a start on his very own robot love doll.
When he was cutting it himself, why didn’t he use a vise and a chop saw?
Idea!!! you should make a pair of aluminum polished "coconuts" to do the Monty Python horse thing...
What do you think about this…take the newly water jet cut aluminum ball and make it back into aluminum foil.  See if you can get back to the original thickness of the foil and see how close you can get back to the original 200’. Bring it back full circle..
If some internet trend progresses material science I'm gonna die.
The first person to finish one of their COVID projects.
Hammer the inside down and make a bowl
You gotta make your own custom lightsaber, you said you’d do it but you haven’t yet!
I believe that they used an abrasive made from garnets.
Factually a "malted milk-ball" consistency. Nice.
The water jet at my tech school used "diamond sand" whatever that actually meant I'm sure it was a great material for cutting various kinds of metal
That's a lot of effort to make some robot boobs..
demon core
I really want to see the cut under a microscope!! and if it's possible, in really high resolution
Chances are the water pressure malformed the aluminum during the cutting process, I bet if you milled the surface off it would look completely different.
Does putting these halfs in a vacuum chamber change the density?
No more names, hurt Myself 💭
Serious, like Adam Savage,,,,,,,,,,,, Can't builtit ? Don't let me down.
Next time, and this is what I did, start with a small ball and add layers after compressing it. You’ll get a more dense ball that way
Teach More!  I'm appreciate all knowledge.
(You) have access, to what; we do not! ,!!!
make another and hammer it as u go
Adam Savage is the only man I have ever seen snap a new blade on an exacto for tape. 😂
(We) are the knowledge of courious!
He has the demon core🙀😿
Fantastic! I bet every kid tried to make a large ball from aluminum foil. I did as well,.....in junior high. (in 1965, I was 12)  (When I was younger, I had achieved making a very large                   ball of string!) I was inspired by all the foil my mother wrapped my school day lunches in. Every day there was a sizable sheet of fairly clean foil around my food. Once I began my project , I employed my friends & other kids to contribute their foil, too. Eventually, buddies of mine were using their paper route, earnings, to buy me rolls of foil. I never considered using hammers to compress the foil to an ultimate density. ( I was a kid, what did I know?) For the longest time I was only applying hand compression. There were occasional times where I slammed the ball into the pavement, to refine the shape. I got it to the size of a soccer ball. Very imperfect, not exactly round, with a crumply surface. I was delighted that it had some weight to it.
Best follow-up video. My curiosity is sated. Thank you.
It's way more dense than I anticipated. I expected it to look like cabbage. xD
they use garnet I'm pretty sure
Sand and Polish one half and melt the other half in a hemisphere to see the density difference.
Now press / roll it back into foil!
your hair gettin black, you should bleach it again
am I the one that chuckled at "let's wrap it up"
Thats amazing. It almost looks like cement or concrete thats been split in half. Now im picturing what sort of strange hydraulic press you would need to compress this into its most compressed spherical shape and what sort of pressure it would take to max out its density throughout the ball from edge to center.
I had been waiting for this moment ever since I saw you create that aluminum foil ball!
@2:55 The pieces for your female armor cosplay came in!
Is this the discount demon core?
when he hit it together I was picturing the horse clopping in a post apocalyptic Monty Python and the holy grail
when i ever cut Aluminum (no expert by no means) i use a bar of soap on my blade. it helps
It's like the aluminium was turned to stone
Some scientists found that our Moon is empty inside, but they don't know how... Seems your tin foil ball is a perfect explanation for that theory. ;)
Use water jet (edit ….ops too soon ) secretly admiring my being momentarily smarter than Adam savage . ( I’ll take a moment when I can get it , this man is awesome )
Its almost the same as how a planet is, soft in the middle and harder layers as you go outwards from the centre....
Seeing the two halves side by side and Adam's excitement over it, I couldn't help think of a teenage boy seeing boobs for the first time. Sorry. :p
Remember to use gloves. Aluminum squeezed into your skin for prolonged time sounds a bit alzheimery to me.
back in the day when i used to smoke and the foil packages used to be a think paper and tin coating . you could peels the paper and roll the tin into balls . i made a few of them from hundreds of these foil insults using a metal Tabaco lid and rolling it against a table . made like 3 of them the size of soft balls and 1 the size of a golf ball . and they are very heavy and unlink yours put together in single sheets so there is no air gaps at all so they are like a solid ball of metal when your done and they polish as you work them becoming work hardened at the same time
You mean he's not going to hollow it out and see if it can be carried by an African swallow?
Would it work if you were to use your milling machine to finish the face of the hemisphere? 💚🐇🐴💚
Reminds me of bone. Harder on the edges and pours in the center.
You could sand and polish one half and keep the other one for comparison! You could even make it a little stand
2:59 Adam pick his nose and puts booger on ball.
Here's another challenge: Aluminum damascus. Can it be done? Send your ball to Dimitri from 'Shurap' channel in Ukraine, see what he can do.
We call it "Gummy", But grippy works too!
Interesting I always thought water jets were just water
You should def vacuum resin cast this
My comment on the original video was that you needed to buy a water jet! This is close enough! :)
Someone I shared this with said that that the Thumbnail made them think: "I thought he busted out the demon core" Now I want a funny edit with a blinding blue light permeating the video and Adam slowly turning into a Ghoul.
My questions are if melted and formed into a ball how big would the 200 square feet be and is there a way with machines to get that 200 square feet ball smaller..?
Now set it in resin!
Do a cube next
My grandparents, on my mother's side, had one of those portable tvs, and they'd watch football on it at the beach.  I remember the old CRT tvs from when I was a kid and they were bulky and heavy, especially the 52 inch one my dad got for free from one of his customers whose house he was working on.
Why do we often call aluminum foil, tin foil.
I'll be awesome if aluminum glows bright blue
new challenge...  unravel it
he defoo diddled hi sister.
Adam, do you think is possible to make aluminum foam body armor with aluminum foil? Would it stop a bullet, let's say a 9mm or 10mm?
I briefly ran the 3rd biggest water jet cutter in Europe, and we used very fine Garnet sand as the abrasive. The only thing we discovered a water jet couldn't cut was toughened glass, it just shattered. It always blew my mind that a machine that could cut titanium for an F1 gearbox like butter, but could also engrave on a silver locket just by adjusting the feed.(The firm went bust 6 weeks after the machine arrived😢)
Make a newtons cradle using half balls
I'm really starting to like Adam's mad-scientist hair!
Easily one of my favorite collaborations on youtube
There are few things more satisfying than a completely natural story arc.
I wonder if you could now hammer out the inside and turn it into an aluminum bowl
I love this.  Recently I've seen you with Corridor and Waterjet Channel.  Two channels I love watching. What a time to be alive xD
Adam, when you were attempting to cut this in half, I kept thinking how it’s surface looked like a planet. Then I thought how cool it would look if you had hammered a round ring and fit it into the groove you made to resemble Saturn. Once the ball was cut in half, I couldn’t help but notice how the ball also has layers like a planet. It’s very curious. So pretty too imho. 🪐
Adam, when you were attempting to cut this in half, I kept thinking how it’s surface looked like a planet. Then I thought how cool it would look if you had hammered a round ring and fit it into the groove you made to resemble Saturn. Once the ball was cut in half, I couldn’t help but notice how the ball also has layers like a planet. It’s very curious. So pretty too imho. 🪐
What would it look like if you made one of these in a vaccum chamber to remove the air trapped in the center?
I have a 10 stitch scarf from aluminum being "grippy". Stay safe.
Yes polish it!!
Sanding and polishing half would be cool.
Adam, I want you to know that you and Mythbusters was the greatest thing for me as a kid.  Science made fun.  I wish you the best.
ALUMINUM FOIL
Garnet is a very common medium used for cutting metals in waterjets.
I started my own today. It is cathartic and meditative.
I have an idea for you Adam! A build that is from a well known game called Destiny/ Destiny 2. There is a weapon called Duality (shotgun) and the Thorn exotic hand cannon. It would be amazing if you could build this and if it has the potential to make it to your lv case of weapons you have!
Im pretty sure the waterjet uses garnet to cut.
Ever since Adam started filming by himself I find the vids with a camera operator distracting 😭.  The moving and zooming 😭😭😭😭
Yes! Polish the jetted sides
I'm very disappointed that you didn't do the Monty Python horse clap with them.
Remember to pound the ball after 3 or 4 layers, youll end up with a really dense ball like mine.
use one half to make a hammered aluminium bowl  see how far you can hammer the centre
Looks like a rock in the inside
I made one of these, between ~1988 and ~1993 or so.  Cigarette paper foil.  Canadian packs came with foil that could be removed clean from the paper backing with a touch of heat to get the peel started.  I collected my own habit, as well as any foil out of discarded packets.    It took those 5 years to get a ball to that size.  When it was large marble size, i put a hole through it with a rolled up note with approximate date started.. and continued adding.  I worked it like a worry ball.     It would be interesting to section at one point, as one of my brands i smoked, came with gold foil.    Mine was that size, by the time i gave up on that obsession.    I still have it in my Curio-Cabinet.  It's rock solid and heavy as heck.
Is that a Roman road on your arm??
Those would make a really cool set of bookends.
Adam tapping it with a pencil: "yup"
If you have a vacuum chamber in your shop, here is what you can do with the surface:  1. Get some epoxy with long curing time, and maybe some color you can add to the epoxy.  2. Mix the epoxy and fill half way up in a cylindrical plastic tray with a diameter 50 % larger than your half aluminum ball.  3. Place the half aluminum ball flat face down in the tray on top of the still liquid epoxy and move it to the vacuum chamber.  4. Lower the pressure to a little (not full vacuum).  5. Let the atmosphere back in very slowly so that the epoxy fills all the cavities in the flat surface of the half ball.  6. After the epoxy had hardened, you can sand and polish the surface. You probably have way better procedures for this kind of work from your career, but my point is that if you fill epoxy in the cavities in the surface you will be able to maintain the original structure of the compressed aluminum foil inside the ball after sanding and polishing the flat surface.
When you started tapping them together, I kinda thought you might do the Monty Python coconuts thing lol.
anyone else think holy grail coconuts?
You know the water jet channel is going to cut what he sends then in half
Maybe add some differing colours or types of alluminium foil to the next one to add grain to the texture.
If you make another ball you should measure the density to see how close it is to solid aluminum.
Working at an aircraft parts manufacturer we mostly worked in 2024, 6061, 7075 aluminums (as well as 300 series CRES) and we’d use garnet media for our waterjet.
The material in the water is crushed garnet. It is focused through an aperture usually made of ruby or diamond.
Yes you should appreciate water jet cutter for saving your fingers and maybe palms
Waterjets, otherwise known as 'The Forbidden Shower'.
My immediate reaction is that you next need to get your hands on some "transparent aluminum" (it's a thing). My only problem: I don't know what you would do with it.
ive been subbed to the waterjet channel for many years, and honestly was HOPEING this was what you did. and you did. awesome
You should totally make another one
i would like to see that under a microscope.  is there any layer fusion, can we make out layer lines.
THANK YOU for sharing this!!!!!
"luminum" lmao, i'm willing to bet 100 bucks the americans will remove another letter from aluminium by 2030
adam I just had a really great idea on how to cut an aluminum ball with a cetalean torch sorry for my spelling
The grit is Garnet, and is most often 80 grit size
I don't know why I found the sound of him moving the light so funny
PLEASE POLISH IT! 🖖🏼
Wow, thats amazing. It would look amazing with the cut side polished
Little machinist trick - any old bandsaw with plenty of candle wax on the blade does just fine on alumimium
OH! Polish the hemispheres and you'll have a Demon Core prop (since the internet seems to be going crazy for it)
Bang the two halves together and pretend you're riding to Camelot 🥥🥥
Now into a hydraulic press!!
when i was younger i made a foil ball the same size as a billiard ball but i used the foil from cigarette packs. i remember polishing it to a shine and playing pool with it at a friends house. i think i had until i was married but that was one of the things that did not go with our decor she said and ended up in a recycle bin.
made bread that looks like this once. overworked the gluten for a bit :(
polish it!!!!!
The abrasive is garnet, somewhere around 240 grit.
This is definitely worth a revisit especially if you can work out a method to reduce or eliminate that splitting that occurs on the outer most layer.
I'm so glad that at the end, he let other people cut it for him 😅😅😅
Make a aluminum foil cube I think you would be able to compress it better
Definitely need to polish it
Can you can etch it like smiths do with their damascus blades, it will show the lines of the Aluminiumfoil
after you made your attempt to cut it yourself, I started to see the Death Star. you had like the equatorial trench going on there. I thought how cool would it be to turn that into a Death Star. just rough it up a little bit, make an indentation for the laser dish. carve out that trench a bit more. and there you would have it. A misshapened,  very rough looking and crudely constructed homemade Death Star. what a beautiful thing it would be.  I'm inspired by your efforts. I may construct my own aluminum foil ball Death Star. maybe Death Star 2......made out of tin foil!
I work in a shop with a waterjet. Makes me want to make the ball myself and cut it just for hands on experience
Air-luminum?
Okay so no industrial waterjets at my young cousin's super soaker themed birthday party, gotcha.
I love that childlike curiosity is explored and enjoyed! Quality content I cant thank you enough for producing it!
Dude you have GOT to polish that up and put it on display somewhere.
If I were packing that box I would have contacted a practical FX company to put a couple fake fingers on top
EDM.
Man oh man, what I wouldn't give to help Adam with a project.  Need help with any glow in the dark tables?
Adam, I think it's very cool of you to make a stand with half the ball for the water jet channel
Hammer one half into a bowl!
Looks like a bone. I wonder if the hammering method tells us something about how bones get denser in our bodies...
The waterjet channel uses garnet as their cutting medium.
Hm, but what if you were to make the foil ball... in a vacuum?
Looks like bone and marrow
Now I'm curious what was the final fate of the polished.. uh, "goat biscuit" from Mythbusters.
Stick a spoon into the aluminum and make it an ice cream display?
Love Adam's excitement when he first saw the inside.  Genuine excitement.
Perhaps you will consider sending the other 1/2 to the Hydraulic Press channel for some more "compression science".
Im sure its been mentioned but they use garnet.
2:50 unboxing
Should make a giant thermal detonator with it
One of my favoruite things in the world is seeing Adam Savage go retreat back into his workshop and come back with some random cool relevant stuff
Water jet was the first thing I thought of when I knew the blades wouldn’t cut through it.
With the central porosity, it looks like an aluminum bone.  It's a Terminator bone.
Nice pair of aluminium knockers! ;-)
From another Mechanical Engineers view. A, its not Aloominum, its Aluminium, and B, it is certainly not Tinfoil either, as there is no Tin present. Still a good project, but technical language/terminology is so important.
I discovered recently yoir really hard to divide apart from the other dude. Tried telling someone about this channel and I was like you know the dude off mythbusters you know the ine with the beard and glasses....
Love these colabs :D Especially since it seems like the WJ guys were at least partially inspired by Adam's work. Keep it up pallys!
Glad that you got help cutting it in half, you losing a finger would not have been fun to watch…
And how fine a kerf can water jets reach?
round ball on a bandsaw and every carpenter gets the jitters.. Thats really scary!
Donno if it would work, but could the flat surfaces get sanded completely flat and then kinda polished up a bit, then acid etch to reveal all the layer lines better?
Adam, you should send a 1/4th or a half to Vegas and ask Adam @artbyadrock to melt it into an ingot!
I have avidly watched ALL Mythbusters episodes. I still watch them streaming over the internet. Enthusiasm pours out of every part of Adam's explanations. Both Jamie and Adam show this, but in different styles.....excellent. Sometimes the brain acts like a pachinko machine, and they both understand this and work with it. I was a mechanical engineer before retiring, but having the same curiosity and mindset has made me enjoy not only the show, but the continued enthusiasm. Thank you guys!
Sand,polish and show the class PLEASE.
Thank you for my happy childhood, Adam. I'm living at the other side of the globe but bless those guys who decided that our TV program needs to have MythBusters on and translated it back then. I've found your channel not so long ago and i'm really happy that you're still doing what you're best at. You ARE the best!
Electrical discharge machining would be even better as a cutting process. I bet if you made another one, one of the edm channels would work with you!
i need to see this polished! 🙂
Im off to the Waterjet Channel
Thank you adam
There are channels and people in channels that are not afraid to say they don't know how to or show that they could not achieve something. Then you see other people who will comment with only one goal in mind: to help. That is why I keep following those channels. Mr Savage here is one of them.
Cody'sLab made a gold foil ball (with a funny surprise), made it bigger, then cut it in half and polished it. But at the end he etched it in acid which really brought out the layers. [edit] looking back at his first video, he was hammering more along the way as adding the layers instead of forming 1 big fluffy ball and then hammering away
I have been waiting for this 🥳🥳🤩
love to see it sanded and polished!!!
When you started clacking them together I thought of a aluminum ball newton's cradle.
Now send it to the hydraulic press channel!
1st world hobbie conundrum
Adam's such a positive individual. Love watching his stuff!
Aluminium cabbage ;)
My job has a water jet cutter and last I remember, we used garnet dust or so
Wait... so what the heck is making the ball in ball noise in these then?
send a ball to the hydraulic press channel
If I were going to make one of these balls, I would start with a small piece and pound the crap out of that. Then I would add successive layers pounding the crap out of each couple of layers or so. I think you would probably get a much more solid ball that way.
7:07 "Ok I think its time to wrap this up"  Funny choice of words there haha
Hammer the center of the ball and make a bowl.
How to show that u r a pro. Break the penknife blade swiftly and effortlessly just using ur finger.
the moment they came i thought they should be in a leather bra
I so want to see this sanded and polished
Made an aluminum foil sword with some light forging
For the love of god someone get Adam a waterjet for his shop.
Looks like pumice.
One of the presenters from my all-time favourite show and one of my favourite channels did a collaboration. I am a very happy man right now!
make it into a phantasm prop 😂
now send it to demo ranch and let him shoot it to see how much it can take
Fantastic! Adam, if do not watch, go over to Paul Brodies channel, he os right up our alley! He has some wonderful fabrication skills, you would love the one on wire frame models for a mold he did on a motorcycle seat!
OMG ive been waiting for this Adam! Thank you!
You've got two halves of aluminum sphere, and you're banging them together.
thumbnail: ah yes the demon core
YES! I was hoping a water jet could do it!
I was wishing this would happen
It came true
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuRKSzFHMMc
I would do this with foil from smoke packs back in the day. Idk what they're made with now but it doesn't work like it use to.
We use garnet in our WJ. The water is at 50,000 psi because it is forced through a ruby with a tiny orifice.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuRKSzFHMMc
I think one of the coolest things for me when I did some work on a water jet machine, was how the cylinder heads on the compressor would stretch so much under pressure.
"All day long, I'm swimming in chunks of aluminum."  :P
A wire EDM cut would be another cool way to cut in half
Fiiiiinnnnnaaaaaaallllllllyyyyyyyyy
Oh CRT's...  "Yeah, uh, don't sit too close to the TV..."
2:56 me thinking perky pair, Adam: grabs them "hello old friend" licks finger and touches whilst laughing
Holy crap, I actually thought it was the water that cut thru materials due to the high pressure.
Send the other half to the hydraulic press channel to turn it into a square! then someone else to cut that in half!
The demon core be like
Hydraulic press channel will make foil again from it. Or not.
Jesus loves us so much that he died for our sins he wants us to repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ
Absolutely fascinating, you made metal! And fair play to you for acknowledging your viewers, thank you. This has been a cool follow for some reason 🤦🏻‍♂️😆
This is such a nerdy pleasure.
If i remember correctly it is a like amethyst sand basically that they put in the water
Yes. But what would happen if you made another one of those, and shot it out of a canon?
we should get everyone at coachella to build a ball out of a roll and bury it. imagine what archeologists will think in 10k years. thousands of aluminum balls . . .
I always wondered what the inside of a ball looked like. Thanks.  I notice you have tribal markings on you arm. I don't recognize that tribe. What tribe is it?
The moment I heard the sound of the two halves striking each other I thought of you cosplaying as the man from Monty Python and the Holy Grail following people around with his coconuts.
imagine having this guy as a teacher
MythBusters was absolutely the most memorable part of my childhood, and I love to see that Adam is still making this amazing content!
What did you accomplish?
Wow, glad we can finally see the inside
Use hydraulic press on the next one.
How about trying to make a ball from copper foil, brass foil ?
yes
Ohh PLEASE sand and polish the cut face. I would love a closer look at the polished structure
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates.🟥
Hello Mr. Savage. I have a few ideas that have the possibility of improving people's lives, but I don't have the experience or equipment to make them a reality. This may fall on deaf ears, and I'm hoping it doesn't. Do you know of a resource I could reach out to perhaps?
"time to wrap this up?"  I see what you did there!  ^-^
If you polish it, won't the polishing compound build up in the voids?
I ran an industrial water jet at the company I retired from in Feb 2021. My machines used 100 grit garnet and cut at 54,000psi. I would tell people who I trained that you can only stick your finger under the nozzle once and that's because it will remove your finger before you even felt it happening.
the medium you are searching for is Garnet....
You could soak one of the halves in an epoxy resin to stabilize the interior structure then sand and polish the surface without deformity. (A black or other dark color resin should give a good contrast)
Adam could polish half of the cut side to show how it would look polished and un polished.
Choppin broccoli 🥦 🔪
Next time you cut aluminum put some Irish spring bar soap on your blade.
Thanks to tinfoil... man this was so satisfying. I can't tell you how much after watching all the hammering I wanted the cut to see just what we saw. This alone was worth joining the channel as a Patron.
No, don't mess with the demon core!
Now to repeat it and have your alu coconuts for next time you need horses
Never thought I would be excited to see someone crumble up a rol of tinfoil. Can’t wait for Adam to do it again, but doing it more dense from the start… The previous time when he started unrolling and crunching up like a madman I wanted to stop him and asked him to start smaller…
That looks like a moon rock or something.
Please polish it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2jrG-y6Y_w
You should hammer the middle now and make a bowl!
If you do a second aluminum ball, at some point during the formation/compression process, could you put it into a vacuum chamber to draw out the air to further compress the material? Would it lead to cold welding if so? 🧐
could you male some thing using alum sticks and assemble something that came from an erector set
Mission accomplished 😏
I can't help but think the hemisphere looks like the moon.    It's a moon-ball!
Epoxy first. Then sand
https://youtu.be/rAqxj0ddIig
I’m sure Peter Brown, the dude who turned your book into a hammer, would be happy to help you out casting that ball in resin.
Aluminum foam!
Polish one of the halves!
Please put it in water and measure its volume by Archimedes' principle, I'm really curious how far that days work got you in density compared to normal aluminium!
men and Women like you are the best knowledge passers.....thanks
I'm going to be devastated if you don't turn these into a bra for your Mandalorian costume.
It would be Facinating to get it under a microscope and look at it
Have you considered making the FFVII Buster Sword?? I'd love to see your take on it!
This is cool. Just a bit of useless fun.  Maybe it's the lighting, but on camera the cut surface actually looks like a concrete ball, not aluminum. The aerated portion looks like small aggregate. Take a look at the finished footage here on YT.  And if you polish it, you should polish only one half so you can have an unpolished half for comparison.
What's aluminum?
polished??
Can you weld it? 🤔
Is there any danger to sand aluminium? Aluminium powder is explosive.
It would be interesting to put an aluminium foil ball in a vacuum chamber. Will it explode, will the air find its way out quietly, will the thing collapse when the air is let back in, etc.?
I can't help but wonder - what if you did the same thing, but build the ball using something like a hydraulic press. Think you'd get a more uniform density?
Garnet is used
The water does do a good bit of cutting. I run a waterjet myself and can cut through a baseball bat with just pure water. It's just much slower. The particulate added to the water stream is usually powdered garnet.
Cut one of the halves in half, on the long axis.
But what if we automate the process to make this foil ball for weeks, is it possible to make a solid aluminum ball out of foil as a result.
Adam, Adam, Adam, it isn't tinfoil, it's aluminium foil and here in Australia we call it alfoil.  Tinfoil is made of tin and iron.  The tin is just the anticorrosive layer on the outside of the iron sheet, all be it a very very thin sheet of iron.
Airluminum!!
Auch a pleasure to watch your inthusiasm! Love the channel
Dear Adam, at 03:39 I can see you have retraced your tattoo ruler? Any comments why or long term experiences to share ? I am thinking for a year now for something similar. It will be wonderful to hear from you.
If you make another ball need to hammer and compact in stages so it   compacts more evenly
You have to do another one and fire it at something to see what impact and damage occurs
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO SO DESPERATELY 😂😂
I kinda want you to put a hinge on it, so it can open and reveal the insides
I really love your appreciation for stuff like this.
haha wrap this up!
Mythbusters. Loved that show
I cant help but wonder if the result would have any differences if the ball was made in a vacuum
When you make your next one start consolidating it right away as you build it up. This method will get the core just as solid as the rest of the ball. If done correctly using the same amount of aluminum foil it will be no more than 1/2 the size of your first attempt possibly even only 1/4 the size. You should be able to get within 15% of the size of truly solid aluminum if done correctly.
Tinfoil is great stuff, we use it at the paint shop, tin foils bunches of wires etc, easier than masking with tape
Hehehe, aluminum boobs
Nowadays first thing that come to mind after seeing a Silver Sphere is Demon Core lmao
Omg Adam bro! Did you tattoo a ruler on your arm?
Hate to correct you but it is not "Tin" Aluminium foil is more appropriate. 👍
Hammer the middle down and turn them into bowls/cups!
Just because it looks like it I wonder if that is a similar density make up of the moon?
Not all water jetting has abrasive added.  On the whole, the majority of industrial water jetting is done without abrasive.  See Water Jetting Technology Ass'n.  Often water jetting with abrasive is called Hydro-lazing
Looks like a malted milk ball
Well, til that its not the water doing the cutting, makes sense when you think about it but I had no idea.
I want someone who greets me like Adam greeted those aluminum balls halves.
Have you thought of better techniques to increase the density of the next foil ball? Any specialized tools?
A savage geode
That was wonderfully cathartic and completing
Garnet is the answer, at least usually
Adam, please just make like a dozen more of these and sell them. I want one!
having that aluminum foil ball cut in half, you should convert that into the james bond plutonium  from the world is not enough. itd be so cool! :D
Aluminum version of whipped cream!
For a future ball, just hammer a few feet at a time. Keep the whole roll contiguous but, smush a few layers at a time. This should create a very dense ball all the way through.
neat
Boobs. Yeah I'm that guy. Lol
that thing would be incredible if you polished it then epoxied it.
So…. Sending one ball of yours to the water jet channel counts as a press release?
What a shame you couldn't fire one out of a canon to see how it stands up ballistically.
Have you ever thought about doing a doridomo
Yes, polish it out.
So now can u unroll it ?
I remember you making this months ago, glad to see it cut in half and not your fingers haha
Adam, as a fellow maker and artist, I feel privileged and honored to claim myself as your newest patron. I hope to continue to learn from you as well as gain inspiration in the future.  Cj
I run a waterjet for cutting glass, we dialed ours back  to half power, a mear 30,000 psi (its an old machine) and use crushed garnet stone at 120grit
Wow, can't wait to see a foil ball built and cut in half.  Thanks You Tube 🙄
So glad I was one of the people who suggested checking them out!
I don't know how well this would work, but I would love to see you try and make a hollow cylinder out of aluminium foil. As in wrapping the foil around a post and trying to form it together to make a hollow shape. Possible??
its garnet sand, thats whats used for cutting
wire EDM would have been a cleaner cut
If the aluminum ball has a crusted shell and more airy structure towards the center... basically speaking... you messed it up during the creation process ;)
I really think it would be cool if you were to sand them down and polish them, and if too shiny maybe etch them like done with damascus steel to give it detail. And to be nice maybe even send one half to the water jet guys.
3:10 reminds me of that old 1920s movie metropolis lol.
That is as pretty inside as I had expected :)
Hey Adam!  Small correction; the water DOES do the cutting, just not nearly as efficiently as when the particulates are added, in this case they use garnet.
Question for a q&a; I’m sure you guys got lots of myths through fanmail back during the making of the show. What were some of your favorite fanmail or fan suggested myths?
I really like when channels actually follow through on following up. kudos, gracias, bravissimo, etc. How funny it would be to get a bunch of those made up and leave them somewhere for future archeologists? 😂
I would love to see how dense you could make a cube with a hydraulic press, and aluminum foil?
Guillotine!
Water does the cutting. they can amp it up with Garnet. but cheese, cloth, rubber, plastics are cut by water alone all the time.
Ugggghhhh!!!!!  Polish it, already!!!!!
Send half to Peter Brown to make something with?
next challenge.  your on an island 🏝.  unlimited amount of aluminum foil. can you,  build a boat 🚢.  a aircraft?
Clinking them together makes such a weird noise!
I feel the best way would be to start with a little ball of aluminum foil and then hammer at it, then keep adding different layers as to have the inside as dense as possible
Epoxy.... I would place the ball in Total Boat ultra clear epoxy. Be sure to vacuum the bubbles out of the epoxy prior to placing the half sphere into it. Once in the epoxy, cycle the vacuum to help pump the epoxy deeper into the ball. Once the bubbles are out, place the sphere submerge face down and use a pressure pot to put some pressure on the whole thing till the epoxy sets off. Once hard turn the flat face on the lathe, sand, and polish.
'I could never understand why "alfoil", aluminium foil is called tin foil in the US. Although the WWW does give an explanation, just a carry over from the past.
Garnet..... it what is used most of the time because of cost.
I love this follow up on the ball 🙂
You should install a hinge on this one so you can keep it in the correct alignment.
Lmao tin foil a micron or 2 thick? I thought this dude was smart? It’s like .6-.9 millimeters thick depending on light/heavy duty and brand. So ur like 598-898 microns off, so close! 😂
On trending fancy
Isn’t it garnet.
Did Adam ever make a working pair of the hydraulic jump boots from the Mario Brothers movie?
God this guy loves the sound of his own voice
Garnet powder, oddly.  The only gemstone that shares the refraction properties of diamond.  Dunno why they use that as media, but they do.  I was gonna build a waterjet til I realized the cost per inch of cut was a bit absurd.
It's garnet that does the cutting!!
1000 series alloy for basic aluminum foil. It's probably rolled to 0.001" to 0.0012" thickness. Because of its significantly higher purity than 6xxx alloys, it will be more malleable and indeed 'stickier'. Hand-hammering it did create a more homogenous structure than I would have expected. But it is not tinfoil - true tinfoil is tin cold rolled to a similar gauge.
My man is true to his word.
I have followed both channels for years! And, I either watched the video before they replied... Or, missed the comment. Because, this is exactly the right colab to that video. I knew it at the time as well. I loved this. Thanks for fulfilling my interest.
👍😎 That’s cool. Many years ago I worked at a manufacturing facility where we used a water knife (that’s what we called it) I can’t recall the size we used but do kinda remember 45,000 lbs of pressure. When we wanted to show someone how dangerous it is, we’d take a pencil, wave it back and forth and cut it like salami. Stupid me cut my thumb on it.
I would love to see another new and inprove aluminum ball from Adam.
Looks exactly how you’d expect.
Great video, but Ryan's address is clearly visible throughout. :-/
I used to work around an old waterjet unit (not my department, but I had MANY carbon fiber parts cut on it). It was Garnet that they used (same kind of stuff as used in a sandblasting cabinet). Every once-in-a-while, they would have to shut down and drain all the water out...and then shovel all the 'sand' out of the tub.
Garnet stone . And you have piles and piles of it when you clean the water jet.
time to rap this up,  i see what you did there 👀
Looks like the demon core.
Now send part to  the "Hydraulic Press Channel".
I was actually at a recent conference where he had an interview, and he mentioned that this was coming. Awesome!
Garnets dust, garnet dust is a usual grit for water cutting
They need to slice it into discs and have peter brown turn it into epoxy coasters
Adam at the 3:00 minute mark looks like he's excited to touch b00bs. LOL! I love Adam and this channel. Cool video, as usual.
I want to shine one half up!
Be cool to make that into a pinch pot
foil ball is so sensless and yet I'm so facinated by this.  I equally share your join and anxiously wait for the next installment!
What would happen if you kept hammering the halfs into new spheres and cut those?
That shop brings back memories from my childhood, I want one of those one day
Some water jet machines use garnet.
So what's going on here? What force is causing the aluminum to seemingly weld to itself to create a solid chunk of metal?
Can you wire EDM the next one? Would be neat to see the difference between the cuts. Might save you from needing to polish it too much.
Obviously you already know how to improve on this ball, but I figured I'd share from my past attempt.   When I did this, I didn't use a continuous piece of aluminum, I took a piece only a few feet long and compacted it down into a sphere. Then I'd take another few feet, wrap it around the existing ball and repeat until I was content. This resulted in a much more uniformly dense ball, or at least I assume so, I never got to cut it in half. From what I can remember, the ball never cracked during compression, and I think that's due to it's more uniform interior.
Now you need to cast it in resin to fill the voids and polish it, add some dye that is high color contrast to the aluminum so you can the voids, or send it to me and I'll do it.....
Would it be possible to hammer it back together and make another ball from the 2 pieces?  Or make a ball with just one half
Now I wanna see someone forge an aluminum foil ball
Don’t forget to sign the half you send back to them, very cool! 😎
Send a half to the hydraulic press channel to press into a pancake
Am I the only one that thinks they looks like robotic boobs?
We've already seen you make a ball... so why not make a jig to make a better ball? Maybe something that lets you use a power tool so you can really work on the density or scale up if you feel like it.
send one half to the hydraulic press channel and the other to be part of your astronaut collection in some way.
I never thought of a cathode tube like that, but now that you say it...
Ah yes! We get a sequel! ❤️
feels like low density aluminium, sounds like wood!? super interesting.
You should now submerge it in clear resin and vacuum out all of the air before sanding and polishing to make sure it holds its shape.
Sand and polish one side and display then side by side
It belongs in a museum. A ball made of gold leaf would be cool. It needn't be terribly big or terribly expensive and it wouldn't lose value.
About time! I’ve been waiting for this.
That is so awesome!  The further developments in the project are going to be great!  It looks like there are voids in there.  It reminds me of the Death Star, black holes, white dwarfs and Newton.
How much does it cost to come and hang out with you for the day?? I love this channel!!
👍
I wonder what if you make a sand ball stick it in glues 😬
Ok, what's the density?   How long to weigh it and do a water displacement measurement of the volume, especially comparing that to the time used to make the ball and cut it.
Cast each half in clear epoxy and make a paper weight!
I would have cut it with a diamond blade wet met-saw (metallurgy saw) and then lapped it to 1um for ya!  Maybe do a nitric etch to show the real structure.  Probably epoxy impregnate it......there should be a geology department around you that could do that.  At least to one side.  Nice video(s)
The next aluminum ball needs to be hammered as you make it. With less airpockets it will be slightly smaller and more dense.
Hey adam, whats your opinion on The boys tv show. im genuinely interested on what you think
Amazing that theres no glue or adhesive to bond / bind it together.  You would think it would crumble apart... what holds it together?
I would love to see Adam create a realistic Pokeball replica. BUT there's a catch, I'm not talking about the standard Pokeball that we are used to for the past few decades, I'm talking about the new rustic design from Pokemon Legends Arceus. Despite my love for the classic, this Pokeball looks so much more interesting, and had in-game lore on how it's made. First, the player must get 2 ingredients: An Apricorn (a fictional fruit with hard woody shells introduced all the way back in Gen 2) and a Tumblestone (new to the games, looks like one of those super shiny smooth rocks you get from souvenir shops). Then, from the looks of the ingredients and the final product, the player hollows out the apricorn for the lower half, and uses the tumblestone for the top half, closing them together with a pure iron rim, and topped with a small firework canister. The Great and Ultra balls also have iron as their required ingredients, but I assume they are used for interior reinforcement so Pokemon won't break out of them as easily. Explaining why the standard Pokeballs don't require iron in its recipe.
Love all the recent collaborations Adam. Thank you for all the work, fun, and passion you put into your projects!
When it comes to sanding. I would think that normal sandpaper, especially rugther qualitys wont really wor, as there is a rist of ripping the foil and destroying the structure. What I think could work is a fine abrasive compund on a flat surface and time, to basically polish the surface flat.
You kinda look like rick. If you had a grandson named morty, that's just awesome. Let me see what that silver ball it
Why do you expect to see a more airy center of the tinfoil ball? I would expect it to be more condensed the further towards the center we go.
garnet
can you make a machine or jig to meke Aluminum Foil Ball
What would happen if you put the aluminum bowl in a vacuum chamber over several hours to evacuate some of the air. With some of the air pockets collapse? With the density of the ball change at all? Would you be able to squish it again? Awesome channel thank you
My wife says it reminds her of a melon cut in half and i agree with her.
You've got a good start for The Maschinenmensch in Metropolis!
Please polish it and maybe some acid to see all the layers
Man you could go Monty Python with those by using them to do horse sounds.
I love Adam's constant giddiness at his job :)
Sand, polish and then etch the surface lightly! Bring out the microscope!
Finally 😁
If you're going to sand and polish and send one half back to them.  Might I suggest you only sand and polish part of the one you keep, so as to leave witness marks of the story of being attempted to be cut by you, then the water jet marks?
7075 is a much different alloy than 6061. Zinc content is way higher than 6061. I actually didn't know 6061 was considered airplane material
If your next video is this polished, you've got a new subscriber :v
You could have just built a simple box around it then run it through the band saw.
Really liked the sounds highlighted here.
make a cube with a press and see how small you can get it with it weighing the same weight as you
The right solution is a diamond wire cutter. Or, since it was aluminum... WIRE EDM! You could cut the ball into a puzzle that when solved the ball looks like it's one whole piece. We're talking zero tolerance parts.
Is there a sand and polish channel?
Could you hammer the middle of the ball and make a bowl out of it now?
Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.
Finally!!!!!
as a machinist seeing you try to cut a sphere or round object on a vertical by hand sent legit shivers down my spine
Today has not been a good day. Adam, you made me smile for the first time since yesterday afternoon with this. You’re a hero of mine.
I am so happy for this follow up!
Garnet.
I find it awesome that these kind of collaborations exist. Seeing genuine exitement amongst makers.
Yay! View number 216,522! I think it's the earliest I've ever watched an Adam Savage Tested video! As soon as I saw this video was up, I HAD to see it. I'd watched the forming video (of course a little disappointed that Adam didn't do research to see how CRAZY the original Japanese foil ball makers did it, but whatever), and cringed at his attempts at cutting the ball, due to my personal experiences with trying to even just cut pipe without clamping, so I had to see how it turned out after getting someone to waterjet it (which is about the safest, least deformative method, since the foil would never be heated to melting temperatures)...  I really hope Adam can figure out how to really sand and polish one half without overly changing the internal structure...perhaps it can't be done, though...
An angle grinder probably would've worked.
The machine shop I worked in used ruby garnet sand with the water pressure on the water jet machine 25 years ago. I don't know what they use now.
Use them to recreate monty python and the holy grail Coconuts scene
So if you compare the volumes of the 200ft² aluminum sheet and the ball, how much more compact could the ball have been?
You needed a band saw with a vice like the kind used to metal cut bar stock, the kind that uses gravity to put pressure on the item you want to cut. That would keep your fingers safe.  But the water jet is more fun.
time to "wrap" this up
Okay, but does it pass the lick test?
Stick a screwdriver in it
for the next one, starting with a solid core steel ball would be gool. Sould change the structure.
I didn't know they put something into the water for cutting, you learn something everyday.
They add garnet powder to water jet
That sound! So cool
I wonder if it’s possible to laser etch a Death Star pattern on an aluminum ball??
Alu-min-ium
Wire edm is what I’d try if I had a ball
Demon Core-kun........i'm sorry....
DO A SQUARE!!!!!
Cutting the demon core in half (funny prank) YOU WONT BELIEVE THE REACTION!!!
You should have weighed it and got the volume of it before you cut it so you could know the density of air to aluminum
You should sand and polished one half and leave the other half un-sanded and un-polished
You should compress the ball as you work, like hammer is as you go along, to get a tighter core.
This totally reminds me of the demon core: the famous, deadly, spherical, sub-critical mass of plutonium that a careless scientist brought to criticality because the only thing keeping the two beryllium reflectors around the mass from closing was a flat-tip screwdriver. That he was holding. In his hand. Right next to the plutonium that had *already* killed someone in a similar accident.
It's funny to see Adam talking about an Aluminium (or rather Aluminum) ball but keep referring to Tinfoil that clearly isn't made of Tin. I was going to suggest making a ball from Tin but this made me wonder, what about a ball made out of many different types of foil. Aluminium, Tin, Lead, Copper, etc. Only limited by cost and availability really. For example, maybe a very thin Gold layer. I think it would be an interesting challenge dealing with the not only the different material properties of each but also how to make them work together. Then cut that in half and see the layers.
This is such a guy thing. A buddy in school collected foil from cigarette packs, he carefully removed the paper, or burned it off, and created a huge silver ball after three years of smoking. We all donated our empty packs as well.
Use a freakin' laser!
It just looks like a rock, and yet I could probably spend hours playing with it and pulling it apart and exploring the structure. Could be cool to dissect one side and leave the other as a display perhaps?
So how about making a smaller ball and when you're done, form the larger ball around it?  Do multiple layers and as a another interesting aspect, take some sort of coloring agent and coat each later. Than have that one cut in half. That might look really interesting.
why do you say aluminum when it is aluminium…
Can’t wait to see you make another one, how would you make it differently compared to the first one?!
So I’m paused a minute or so in as you’re talking about imagining it as an egg shell.   My mind has always imagined this cross section to look kind of layered similar to our planet, but obviously not molten liquid in the centre, just in a density/crust layering way.
It's worth noting the link he has for them "cutting a TV in half" is also the video in which they cut the ball
Adam Savage is the modern day equivalent of Mr Wizard. What he does just is so fascinating that I can't look away.
The abrasive in the water is not necessarily required.  It depends greatly on what you're cutting.  I've seen these machines cut cake with the same precision as glass.
Aluminum foil*.
techincally that started off as mined ore
If I had known about your struggles I would have EDM wire cut it for you for free
I watched the aluminum ball video yesterday by coincidence! Great timing
I did not expect it to be so compact on the inside. I was expecting it to look more like a cabbage cut in half.
To funny. I love that you go to such lengths to do something so silly
Hey Adam love you and Mike from the first shell ever saw I’m not gay I don’t take it the wrong way but yeah that was my favorite show ever Tuesday nights every week👍
You may want to edit this video. There's an address visible on the box starting at 2:30. It's on the small label with the barcode.
Looks like benders feet
If you make another ball you have to start compressing the aluminum from the center. Take it right off the roll and hammer it immediately as tight as you can to get a denser core.
I hope this doesn't stop him from making another ball that is better compacted in the center like he said he was going to do.
"Just that sound, from a mechanical engineering standpoint, is astounding to me."  Why? What is surprising about it?
6:26 is a meme face for sure
Missed out on a Monty Python reference at 6:25
So interesting indeed!
I was curious to see how dense it would be compared to a solid ball. Assuming foil thickness of 16 microns, 250 feet should yield a solid ball of 13.3cm.. but yours looks a bit smaller so my math is off somewhere
Finally! I've been waiting to see what the forbidden jawbreaker looks like inside. 😄
What's the kerf or a waterjet cutter, if any?
Due to watching a lot of Forged in Fire lately I kind of want to see that turned into a blade now
Cody's Lab did a gold foil ball, after so many layers it began to rattle because the center had become dislodged and was free about inside
Okay. Now hand hammer it back into a sheet of foil like it was before. Or send one half to the How Ridiculous guys and let them smash it with their giant hammer.
I remember that foil ball video! Glad they managed to cut it in half! Very interesting! :)
I was discussing the problem you had with cutting a foil ball in half with my wife just a few days ago! It was a problem that I had been thinking about since it occurred. Came to the same conclusion that using a water cutter would be best and then this video comes out today! Overjoyed to see that it worked and the results are fascinating 😁
You Blew It  Saying like deniro in cop land  Instead of saying hello old friend   You should’ve said   Hello there         Like Kenobi  Face Palm
Now I wanna see one half of the foil ball (or a whole new one) crushed by a hydraulic press.
Now put a radioactive sticker on it and sent it over to Iran/North Korea!
Turn off the light completely, point the dim light source to this thing, and it will look like the moon.
The material they use in the water is Garnet.
Amazing
Why do people say "tin foil" or "tin can" when nothing has been made from tin in ages?
It's like an aluminum malteser lol
Finally
Wire EDM no? =/
or a EDM machine
it looks like a giant metal malteaser
Dress them to look like coconuts.
I'm so happy I share a name with you. Ever since I was a kid watching Myth Busters I always thought you were so cool and it always made me happy to be an Adam as well 😀 lol
Desperate one
Demon Core-kun!
Over the last couple days you have done some collaborations with other channels. You should create a fellowship of creators and host live events. Get a core group of 3 or 4 creators than can attend weekly then have guests on to talk about projects or whatever the topic is that week. A good example of this is Nerdrotics channel. They are a group of comic book and movie nerds that host a group live event called Friday Night Tights. This is where you can see what I mean. I think Adam would love this. It's right in his wheelhouse.
I love watching Adam nerd all over the screen.
Hammer the inside to make it like a concave bowl of sorts
6061 is designed to be weldable. 7075 is for strength and toughness.
your hair reminds me of a crazy scientist and i love it.
I would polish one and leave the other so you could see the difference :)
So what I took from this is that Adam got a grown up to cut it for him.
I really want to see what it's like do make another foil ball but under vacuum conditions. I think that when air pockets got trapped in the center of this ball they started acting like little tiny springs resisting the hammering action at the surface of the ball. I bet another ball made in a vacuum could reach a higher density. If there was a way to get rid of the oxide layer on the foil you could even get cold welding to happen and get even closer to solid metal!
3:37 Adam after poking the ball for 3 seconds with a pencil: "Yup!". That's how we know he knows his stuff.
I always get force fed this guy’s channel WHY? I have no interest in this type of creator. Notice I didn’t say builder
the internet has ruined me i see this and the first thing i think of is the demon core...
2:22 a bread loaf?
Adam has always been a personal hero of mine. He is like me when it comes to his curiosity.
Adam, may I suggest you vacuum-pot one of those in some water-thin epoxy and polish up the cut face?
If you make another one, maybe get it cut by wire EDM, the cut would probably be much smoother.
So yet another unboxing channel.  *this is just a joke...... a bad one even....leave your hate for for the SCOTUS
Garnet is commonly used
should send half to the hydraulic press channel next
i wonder how a laser cuter looks trough this aluminum ball
I just want to know how he made a roll on *tin* foil into an *aluminum* sphere…
Now I want to hammer a ball.
Reach out to Hank Green to look at it under a microscope!
How the hell did I watch the ball video today and this got released as well…
5:35  Garnet
If I was to sand and polish the cut face, I would stabilize it by placing it in a vacuum chamber with two part resin,
Sand and polish one and sign it and send it back to them.
So basically you made a new material... Airluminum... haha
Instead of balling up the entire role and then hammering it. Ball up a little bit at a time and hammer it so the center is more dense and you’ll slowly build up the ball. You can get a lot more roundness and a lot more density that way.
That's exactly what I suggested on that video!
Does Adam have a new watch? Does anyone know what it is?
It looks like the DNA goop crucible from Prometheus
That was cool looking.  Would it be possible to make the core denser before adding further layers? Extra work yes.  Will two such balls of the same size produce the same tone or will it depend on the production?
Foil ball part 2*
i know adam loves his mechanical precision in metal working and think he would love the boat reconstruction of the Tally Ho on youtube. Its a 100 year old and everyone on that project is having so much fun. The wood working the do is incredibly impressive!
At my workplace (Production Engineer at an electronics assembly plant), I used to work in Analysis where I would cast circuit boards in epoxy resin and slowly sand down to get a cross section of a solder joint (or whatever the engineers wanted to see).  Once I sanded, it goes on a polisher to make it glass smooth. I feel like epoxy casting and sanding/polishing smooth would create a very cool looking texture/structure under a microscope.  Maybe contact one of the many epoxy art channels of YouTube?
Would a wire EDM have worked to cut the ball in half?
Put a screwdriver in there and tell everyone it's a Demon Core.
7:07 heh heh…..wrap it up
Garnet is the usual abrasive in waterjets. A valve opens and the water stream basically pulls the abrasive in via venturi effect.  At least in the waterjet we use at work.  And in a LOT of cases the water itself can do a huge amount of damage on it's own.  Basically all plastics/rubber, etc, and even thinner gauge metals can still be cut with just water. Which we do to save money since garnet for us is currently around 55 cents a pound, so long cuts in thick steel can cost hundreds of dollars in abrasive.
Please stop calling it TIN foil. Adam, I love you but you should know better.  I love the Channel.
Hi Adam, I noticed when you were making this item that there was a lot of aluminium oxide and dust given off in the process. As interesting as this build was, do you have any views about the health issues that aluminium can cause?
Thanks for finding away to not have adam accidentally cut his fingers off trying to get this open! Its really cool to see!
Sand and polished it in a bath of liquid nitrogen Adam.  :)
I'm in the middle of making one. Ive been adding bits over time, hammering each layer til solid for an extra dense ball at a the end.
I run a waterjet at work. A few things that I can say, the machine I run works at 56kPSI and uses 80 grit garnet as it's cutting medium.  It's cool that the waterjet worked on your project, one of the problems that you can possibly encounter using a waterjet on laminated materials is delamination - the layers split open or seperate from the water flow. I guess I am not as skilled as they ( Waterjet channel) are! Off the cuff I would have suggested using a wire EDM which has less stress on the cutting surface than a waterjet. I think......
I love when channels collide. How can we get Adam and Lockpicking Lawyer together?
7:06 "I think it's time to WRAP this up"😃
I watched the original constuction so I had to see this!  Meets expectations!  I just wish that during the video it would not keep being referred to as tin foil when it is aluminum foil.  Adam, like me, may remember actual tine foil, but it is not an excuse.
So glad Adam came back to this one, I’ve been dying to see it cut in half. Looking forward to seeing it all polished up 👍
you ok bro? looking a little rough lately
If vibration/frequency can form geometric shapes in sand/salt, will it also affect the outcome of alloy if vibration/frequency is introduced while it is still in liquid form till it cools? Why? Or how so?
Next pneumatic press to tap and squeeze the outside to its round shape.
Ive been waiting for this
Lmao I think he is enjoying that California herbage these days!
Make sure you at least embed the cut face in epoxy before you try to sand and polish it. The less dense core will just fill with waste and likely tear out otherwise. Other YouTubers have tried similar experiments with compressed aluminium, and have had that result.
now we need 1 half to go in an hydraulic press 😅
Now you just need to cut some indents into it, insert one of them unstable radioactive cores, adjust it with a screwdriver, and youve got yourself a sweet demon core cosplay.
Thought he had a demon core 💀
Was waiting for this followup vid thanks adam.
The man that can invent and create anything needed help cutting a ball? Biden syndrome
you need to compact it from the beginning
I JUST watched the other video the other day and thought, "I hope at some point he does manage to cut it in half because I, too, am super curious to see what the inside looks like," and LO AND BEHOLD HERE IT COMES.
Nice to see that you still have your fingers
So, sand it and polish it!😂
50,000 psi
It's an abrasive. And it's usually a type of sand
It's a 100 grit sapphire sand
It is nifty when things like this all come together for something neat. :)
I have to admit that I giggled just a bit at the pause at 1:30. xD "So we sent the Waterjet Channel folks my... foil ball"
The water can also do the cutting, the Garnett is optional.
I want to see it polished too.
Aluminium ... not Aluminum
You should watch three stuff they've cut in half. It's a great channel. I'm surprised they don't have more people watching. ☺️
I hope he does polish one of them. Would love to see how that looks after
Please sand and polish one half!
i wonder what the diameter of the ball would be if you were to melt it down into a solid ball vs the one you made
Sweet
"Out here in the perimeter we are stoned....immaculate!"
sweeeet! I admit, I expected MORE low-density in the middle! The pumic-stone-like consistency is suuuper fascinting
I saw the thumbnail and was like; "Ohgod, demon core", and now I really want you to make a prop demon core, lol.
If you sand and polish it you should only do one half so there's a before and after for display purposes
Wire EDM would give better result :)
What about other metal foils? Brass, copper, is there such a thing as bismuth foil? How do they ball?
Make a prop demon core.
Waterjet uses garnet powder
for a split second, I thought your thumbnail to this video was you holding to half spheres of plutonium o_o The Demon Core came to mind...
it's an aluminum souffle!
Looks like a stone from Moon, you really should keep it as is.
Suggestion, please smooth and polish the cut surface.  I think that might turn out very interesting.
Great Great content.... MY INNER NERD IS BREAKING FREE !!!! Thank you for sharing and please keep em coming. Everyone keep yourselves and love ones safe and healthy and remember to SMILE
You could make a pretty awesome demon core replica using that ball!
Totally needs to be polished.
about time, it’s been so long
I wanna see one of these balls get crushed in a hydraulic press
This aluminum feels like aluminum! -Adam Savage 2022.
Sounds like a bowling ball
Whenever you decide to sand and polish it I'll be waiting
Would you know, or should I ask on teh waterjet channel... What is the kerf of the waterjet? If you make a second alumiball, would you do it the same, or make a smaller ball, then add to it a little at a time get more complete compression?
So my wife runs water jet machines for her job, they typically use a very fine sand rather then diamond or anything else because the price is so much lower, it can be recycled into landfill material and it’s strong enough to withstand being shot through material at 75,000 psi with water. Something really cool to see cut by a water jet is titanium, because it’s such a hard material there is sparks created from the sand and it looks like the material is just a big sparkler.
I wonder if that is what the moon would look like cut in half....unless its hollow ;)
I like peanutbutter.... and water jets
reminds me of bone,high density towards the outside and more spongy in the middle
Makes for a good demon core
Is it weird that this has been one of the videos I’ve been most excited for?
Please sand and polish one half of it, including the edge created by the waterjet
It occurred to me during the original as well as here that aluminum foil is probably at its 'densest' packed state when fresh on the roll it came on, considering the perfection of its development and machine rolled process. I bet THAT would sink on water no problem, and if nothing else maybe the hydraulic press channel could crush it down a little further, allowing one to 'cut' an aluminum ball out of that.
I was always told  I sound like an idxxx   when I call Aluminum foil, Tin foil because they are not the same.   But know I know I sound like Adam Savage.
Holy hell you had better success than many people in creating a cohesive ball! Many people actually end up with a hollow core that has a a portion of the initial ball rolling around inside!
About time!!!!! Lol
I love a good Dork collab
Amazing video !
Now really want to see the inside of a dorodango. Didn't Adam make an ostrich turd dorodango? I'd imagine it's gobstopper esque
If you make another it would be cool to get it cut using EDM !
You look like my grandpa getting hes new tools without the glasses
Foil ball but math would determine the layers and density of the same weight of Foil vs aluminum sphere ex.  1 inch cast aluminum ball weight being the reference for the same weight of tin foil and what it takes to reach or come close to the density and size of solid aluminum without a smelting process.  Just compression.   Because science and you have a big brain and a shitload of tools.  Love you man.
The sound it makes when you are tapping or rubbing them together is super satisfying.
Your Aluminum Foil Ball is one of the best I have seen opened up, but what else should we expect from Adam?!?! I have seen some balls with large voids, one even had a small lose ball in the void, but I have never seen one as well packed!  When you first put the halves on the bench, I thought, 'Breasts for a robot.', for some reason.
Down with the chinese communist party
did this fool get a rule's of measurmment tat'd on his stretchy skin? lmao unsubscribed
Aluminium Foil boobs lol   I'll let myself out....
"Adam tried -- and failed -- to cut it in half himself."  Adam tried - and fortunately failed - to cut himself in half.
weird, i got recommended and watched the first part last night
If there is a steel foil and I'm sure there is copper and brass foil I'd love to see you make all of those versions for the ball using same technique and cutting them and seeing the comparisons in how it comes out. Maybe even do a pressure stress test on each half of different material to see if they behave different. <3
I believe the water jet channel uses garnet in their water jet as the cutting medium.
Any kid who grew up watching Peewee’s Playhouse made an aluminum foil ball. I had one twice the size of a bowling ball, but certainly not as smooth. Have no idea what happened to it.
I literally just watched this yesterday.   You're a beast with a hammer having had to swing one all day
Was wondering if you were ever going to beat that thing lol
It's essentially a low pressure forging.
Do you still have some of the old Mythbusters cannons? If so you have your work cut out for you with your next ball...
Garnet is the cutting medium
You have to lap that down to a mirror finish. It would look amazing.
I wonder if that now that you know the middle is indeed less dense you could use that information to create the next ball with a higher interior density.
You got two empty halves of aluminum and you’re banging then together
6:26 onward the expression...price less
Former waterjet guy here. Ours used garnet grit, it was pink. Another thing that would be cool to have just a slice of this, maybe 1/4" thick.
This is like watching Adam cos-play the Demon Core
I watched the Waterjet Channel cutting the TV and I remarked about how I wish old TV stations were still available so kids nowadays could know the feeling of being an antenna so their parents could watch a TV show.... I grew up in the 80s so I had a black and white TV and an old ColecoVision console, then another b+w TV w/ an Atari then when I was 7 or 8 I had a color TV and an old Nintendo. I'll never forget how tough those old TVs and game controllers were.... I remember throwing the controller at the TV and it would just bounce off and hit me, but now if I look at a TV too hard it breaks.    😂🤣
Water jet media is typically Garnet.
Really cool looks like some kind of cheese or bread
Tin foil? or Aluminum foil?
That's really cool!
So basically you made a giant aluminum truffle. Hard outside, foamy inside.
I did not enjoy de spoiler in the thumbnail
🤔
One thing that I found interesting as the water jet hit the less dense center it started to vector a few degree. You can see that the lines at the bottom aren't completely straight under the center
Be careful with the screwdriver
1:50 When will people learn that aluminum is not Tin.  How is this so complicated.  This is aluminum foil not tin foil.  Has anyone the the last 50 years seen tin foil in the store?
I love the WJC, but at the same time I think Adam would have been much better served by taking it to a machine shop with an EDM machine, it would have cut it perfectly flat and smooth, no finishing required. EDM is phenomenal, it can do things no other machine in the world can, though the new laser water jet machines (uses a microscopically thin beam of high pressure water to guide a laser beam, which cuts like an EDM with perfectly smooth vertical cuts with no taper like either a regular laser cutter or water jet) are starting to come close.
This vaguely reminds me of the "polishing a turd" myth you and Jamie did.
Airluminum lol
They use garnet
02:55 - Hello (Darkness, my) old friend. 😉
It's probably coincidence, but the cut surface reminds me very specifically of the interior of the small container of black goo from the beginning of  Prometheus.
You need to mythbuster the next Alu ball to the max and make the ULTIMATE alu ball 😀
Sir, don’t tease me with polishing the cut surface! I bet you’d be able to see some very telling striations!
I would pour one half in epoxy and polish.
Note that they show cutting this ball on the cutting the tv video: https://youtu.be/MVuDkvKqLEk
Looked up at night only to see the moon literally cut in half…. ADAM!!!!! 🤣
This is so cool! I'd be interested to know how close the average density of the ball is to the theoretical density of solid aluminium.
Turn it into a bowl 🥣 😏
what a coincidence that the first video appeared on my recommended page earlier today
I wonder why Paper Mate SharpWriter #2 Mechanical Twist Pencils are so popular amongst the older crowd. It was easily my grandfather’s favorite mechanical pencil.
Dear Adam, please make some planning on how you want to get all the residues of polish out of that spongy areas in the middle, before you start to sand and polish it. That might become a nerve wrecking task. And even as a goldsmith, who has polished all very different structured surfaces over the years I am unable to offer an easy solution. We often use ultrasonic cleaning but I do not think that that will be working. Have fun!
They have colored aluminum/tin foil for I am guessing Christmas. It would be interesting to see a layered ball with that cut in half.
hah, you must pull Monty Python and use them as your horse :P
it almost reminds me of bone structure
watching the original video where you created this ball at the exact moment you said let's cut it in half I nearly lost it because that's exactly what I was thinking. thank you for finding a way.
What fun! I can't wait to see the finished half and the next aluminum ball.
PLEASE polish half and build a display box for the set!
Oooh oooh, I have a plan! Put it into epoxy resin, put it into a vacuum chamber to get rid of all the air, and polish the face so you can get a really nice surface
Polish it!
i would love to see the soft inside flattened to make a bowl shape
The porous center may make it difficult to polish without leaving or embedding some of the polishing material in the gaps.  But if you can do it cleanly it should look spectacular when it’s done.
3:00 Adam examines a new pair of breast implants XD
I really, really miss emailing Dan.
Team up with hydraulic press channel to make a perfect foil ball!
media is garnet
"You've got two coconuts and you're banging them together!"
Thumbnail looks a bit like a uranium core or something for either "fatman" or "littleboy".
It looks (and sounds) like a very poor aluminium casting, lots of porosity.
Polish iiiiittttttt!
If you make another one smash it tight as you go that way it's more dense the whole way through. That's awesome though I would love to see one side smoothed out too.
Cool nice to see there was a follow up on that project
That's gonna look even cooler when it's polished!
Inside of the ball kinda looks like bone, but metal. The center has a spongy look to it.
Closure!  🙂
Waterjet uses Garnet as abrasive
How different would a ball of actual TIN foil be?
Not only did we see inside the ball we now know there is a water jet channel, who knew. A channel for everything
If you make another one, have it cut with wire EDM. That will leave a near polished finish, along with much thinner cut (about 0.005").
Adam's enthusiasm for his craft really is infectious and a joy to watch.
I'm willing to be proven wrong, but like your said Adam, Aluminum is really "grippy". Sanding might work okay near the exterior 'shell', but will probably just fall near the core. Similar story for polishing. At least you have two halves, worth experimenting on one.
Years ago, I watched a video of someone making one out of thin sheets of gold. And when they finished it rattled since a small ball of gold had an air pocket it dislodged into and when they cut it open you could see it and it was amazing. You may still be able to find the video on YouTube
Adam should use this to make a prop of the Demon Core.
What if you made one where you compressed each layer before adding another?
forbidden jawbreaker
Surprisingly more compacted than I expected.  I figured much more of the center would be loose
the cutting sand is mostly garnite and silica ground in to a fine powder
I Think Wire EDM could be the best method to cut such a ball like this, the surface quality should be much higher and precision of cut is also improved. Grinding, polishing and some acid could show then incredible results. Please Adam, ask a toolmaker with an wire EDM machine.
why didn't you just use a vice?
the water carries a sandy silicate which is your cutting abrasive.
You need to polish it
Very interesting. Now let's see you unwrap that sucker.
I'm really surprised by how little air is actually inside of it. Was expecting the middle to be almost like bread as all the captured air was pressed inward.
Adam making a Demon core prop soon.
Cool 😁🇨🇷
Adam Savage, a man of many talents. Foil ball maker is just another line on his resume.
I saw the ball vid yesterday, i was going to suggest the lathe.  Rotate the ball and use a stationary blade gently lowered onto the ball.   Well done on getting it cut though, cant wait to see it sanded and polished
I would have used a bandsaw
Yeeeeeeeeesssssssssss
its almost, not quite, like a model of the earth
Well, that's a lot denser than I expected. I was anticipating voids of a pencil diameter.
for the next ball, start small and when that's rock hard, add more, rock hard, add more. so it becomes as dense as possible.
Could you please do this again with a 4K Camera. It would be so cool to see the inside in that detail
You definitely need to sand and polish that.
Would have loved to have seen it stabilized in resin tbh.
POLISH IT!!!!
I knew it'd be dense, but damn...
I don't think polishing it raw would work very well as the aerated parts would fold into the holes and block them up not giving a true representation of what it is like. If you want to polish it the prper thing would be to epoxy it first. To be honest though, you could probably just be lazy and varnish the cut face and that would stabilise it well enough to be polished.
The powder most used is garnet.
Isn’t 7075 space shuttle aluminium? (Yes Americans it’s aluminium 😜)
Looks like the moon.
Waiting for the wife to say: "Honey, have you seen the aluminum foil? I had a full roll here yesterday."
“Hold on [Adam exits off-screen]” is 100% Adam energy
Dude! Mill it!
I wonder if you could make it denser with a vacuum chamber? 🤔
Polish it! you know you're not going to be happy until you do!
I wonder if you could introduce a binder to the process? Something thin but strong. If you can keep the weight down and keep the porous structure of this crushed foil it might actually have some real strength
YAY
Wrap this up. 😂
Im Just suprised the waterjet channel actually uses the waterjet for once. And im *SUPER* dissapointed the waterjet channel had these two new guys that NO ONE knows. Not the two goof balls we know
Wow thats so cool. Now i really want to make me an aluminum foil ball!
Watching you make that ball reminded me of the episode of Mythbusters where you polished turds. Lol
Now throw about 100-500 years of dust and bam you have a moon
What an amazing waste of time...! 🖕
Such an honor to participate in this project!  PS hilarious you already knew what it would look like. A true expert
There is a Water Jet Channel?  How EXCITING!
I just made one on my channel like 4 days ago lol, this video is hard for me to watch.
I was thinking 'I want to sand and polish that' just before you said the exact same thing. Lol.
seeing Adam looking down at those halves, and then saying "hello old friend!" made me nearly spit my coffee out hahahahaha
First, I love Adam Savage promoting Science and Engineering.   But, an actor does not get to say "Mechanical Engineering." If an Mechanical Engineer can't be an actor than an actor can't be Mechanical Engineer. Stop the woke Adam!
Finally The feeling of closure 😌
I making this comment before I finish watching so if you did do what Im about to say, thankyou! I want you to sand it flat and smooth and then do whatever you gotta do to show the grain details
Where's ur hi power microscope and it's fancy box when u need it
I saw the orginal yesterday, so this is great
Aluminium! 😂
To polish that I’d strongly recommend treating it like a sample prep for microscopy. Vacuum pot in epoxy and then sand and polish. The epoxy will stabilize the foil and hold it so that it can be polished. Bonus is that if you build the epoxy containment correctly you end up with a beautiful display.
The demon core returns
Garnet is a really common medium to use in waterjet cutting
Can you determine the density? I wonder what the deviation would be in comparison to a solid block...
I want to see another ball but alot denser  then  the first one
I forgot I was waiting for this follow up video!
Put some Galium in the center of it. I wanna know what it does
You should attach them both to a hinge and make it like a clam shell.
I wonder what this would look like if you tried EDM cutting which as far as I know is the most fine way to cut things. I've seen a big ball bearing with a pinprick hole cut through it by edm
I have the perfect display framing idea for someone who does sci fi movie prop replicas. A Metropolis android.
Maybe vacuum the foil before rounding off. Got a vacuum chamber?
I was waiting for this! Nice!
the aluminum probably cold welded together by hitting it and compressing it.
I'd be curious to see a side-by-side comparison between this project and a smelted roll of foil poured into a mold.
Polish it please Adam. Soon.
We need a display box
Kinda looks like a Planet,
Looks like a silver butternut squash.
I read that description as "Adam tried  -and failed-  to cut himself in half".  Still can't watch those attempts without cringing.  Stay safe, Adam.
Super satisfying to see this final conclusion. Well done Adam.
Make a Copper ball next
You're a left-wing extremist !
I work in aluminum. This is pretty cool stuff
7:18 thank you for saying tin, I too slip and say tin sometimes.
You should ball peen the middle to make a bowl. Hardening the soft airy middle down to a concave shape
Why did this remind me if boobies? I mean they are nothing like seabirds... :P
Wait. Did the water jet melt the aluminum too much to accurately show outer to inner.
So... Hollow Aluminum Earth theory?
You gotta make bookends out of the halves.
Ngl based off the thumbnail, i thought this was  about the demon core at first
You have your very own demon core
Awwwww that’s so nice of you to turn both halves into separate displays and sending one back to the water jet channel
1:38 he uses snap off box cutters
There are so many different finishing treatments to imagine I can't decide which to comment about.
I've been waiting to see this saga continue!
I'd like to see you vacuum infuse coloured epoxy resin into it then polish it, should hold the grain for better resolution.
Garnet is the medium used
The way he ran off camera to grab that piece of aluminum was pure ADD, and it sent me back to the days of Mythbusters
Moses, the first water cutter.
It would be cool to just polish half of the piece that you send back to the water jet channel. That way they can show off their work and yours
You wake up like that! Admit it?
Neat.
i am a little ashamed that this entertains me.
So glad this got a resit! Great pair of videos 😁
Do you think that is what the inside of a planet might look like?
You may want to try a quick acid etch after polishing.
New age horse from Monty Python and the holy grail
omg I watched that episode just yesterday youtube wtf
Make another aluminium foil ball but this time cut it with a particle accelerator.
Revisiting this was highly satisfying
Was waiting for him to do the Monty Python horse clop
It's not a Savage video until he looks over the top of his glasses.
That would make a really cool set of bookends
Close on what medium is used in the water. If memory serves, most waterjets use garnet powder as the cutting medium alongside the water.  That is one cleanly compressed ball, but could one be made dense enough to be a cannonball? Hmmm
top quality content
The update I didn't know I wanted but desperately needed.
My first thought for cutting it in half, was to use a wire E.D.M.  It would have provided a MUCH SMOOTHER and CONSISTANT cut.  But as we can see, the water jet did an acceptable job.
lets polish that half ball
7:12 That's what she said😆😈
No hardness tester in shop? Center vs outer
What about an aluminum cube? Maybe use some kind of press.
You make so many nerds’ dreams. You will always be my favorite celebrity
Oh man, ı literally watched the making of it just last night. I was upset because cannot find cut video. Then thought, Adam forgot it!  I am sooooo happy now!!!!!!!!!!🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
Man I've been waiting for this. How freakin awesome. The TV was cool to watch too. The inside is amazing
Have you ever heard of foamed steel? its being considered for bullet proof armor with incredible results. Shoot it. A 9 millie should do nicely. if it works at stopping it....maybe a war hammer mech suit or a Mark 1 made from hand compressed aluminum foil. Dont use a press, the  holes in the foamed steel is the secret sause.
This is the closure I didn't know I needed.
Impregnate with epoxy befor you polish it so it stays together
Although you didn’t say it directly, i think the cool “myth confirmed here is that hammering many sheets of Aluminum together makes one aluminum object at some point and not an onion on layered sheets.   I wonder if foil has any coating or oil residue on it and how that gets integrated into the final ball.
Garnet is the most common waterjet medium.
Just watched the tinfoil ball video last night. The timing can't be more perfect
Next logical step is to smash one of the halves on the hydraulic press channel…
I would love to see this under a microscope.
Honestly I love just... hearing the excitement in your voice in these videos. Its so like... full of wonder and excitement
You need to correct your terminology and stop saying "tin foil" when it is aluminum foil.
Why not just melt the aluminum and pour it into a spherical mold?
for the next aluminum ball can you try and make it in a vacuum chamber so there is less air and compare the results?
Yeah the inside sanded and polished would be awesome
You should re-make a sphere out of one of the halves.
When you do your next tin foil ball, measure the density of it vs. solid aluminum!
If/when  you make another one, compress/hammer the foil as you create the ball...it'll make the center more dense and it'll be easier to maintain a very round shape, rather than trying to hammer it into a sphere later.  Alternatively, I've always wondered if you could do the exact opposite...leave the center as uncompressed as possible, then hammer the outside so its solid, then go in with a long dremel bit and hollow out the inside.
I'm so lucky to have watched the making of the foil ball right on the same day this was released. I saw the insides today yay!
Oh yes! Please polish the cut surface. 😲
this would be great to see under the old microscope!
Nice to see what happened after the experience of beating the crap out of a roll of aluminum. Still have trouble understanding by Americans pronounce it like that. Here it's Al-u-min-um, NOT A-lummin-um
Hey Adam! Why has your arm tattoo looked degraded in some vids of late?  Weird detail I have caught because it looks so clean in this particular vid. Love ya work friend :)
I wonder if you could fill a mold with foil using this technique to make working parts. Gun parts, car parts, tools, etc. Obviously nothing that sees too much stress but I am very intrigued if it's feasible. I am tempted to 3d print a mold and waste some foil.
It's an Aluminum Whopper ball or Malt Ball
I like Adam and Jamie but Adam is always second third and fourth guessing himself at the same time being hasty. LoL Jamie is more methodical but arriving at a equivalent result but it's hard to watch some times lol patience is a virtue and will save you from yourself... Saw fingers + haste  =negative ?/10
I was just thinking about this yesterday!
just as an FYI you can cut with straight water  and no media, the most common cutting media is garnet
A-L-U-M-I-N-I-U-M  ;-)
I just love seeing Adams enthusiasm, it's delightfully toxifying.  =]
You're amazing Mr. Savage.  You need to polish amd buff a half; lap that thing until it's shines like the primary mirrors of JWST.
book ends
4:20 so you could say its more like AIRluminum?
Wrist watch check please.
Did you use the heavy foil or the regular thickness foil?
From foil to semi-solid ball, awesome
The saga continues
Seeing that unboxed i now think Adam needs to make an accurate replica or the demon core including period correct screwdriver
I don’t know if this would actually work, but I think it could be really cool to dip one of the cut faces in acid to get rid of the foil that got folded and smushed together while it was cut. Doing that could allow the individual layers to be seen, and it would be really cool to see how folded and crumpled the layers get as you get further in.
Surprisingly cool
Please sand and polish one half of the sphere.
The two halves give me demon core vibes
Wow. I literally just finished the first video. What are the odds that you just now uploaded this. Nice.
I would love to see you use a ball peen hammer to try to make a dish in the not compressed part of the ball could be the coolest little dish ever.
Subscribe to the Waterjet Channel: https://www.youtube.com/c/WaterjetChannel Watch the Waterjet Channel cut a CRT TV in half, per Adam's request: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVuDkvKqLEk Adam Savage Takes the Aluminum Foil Ball Challenge: https://youtu.be/q_YZX1SgZ5Y
This can't be, I watched the original video yesterday and todays the sequel comes out. Omg :D
Lol seeing the title made me so excited this morning, I thought I'd never get to see 😆 thanks Waterjet folks!
I'd love to see half of each hemisphere polished so you can see the polish but also don't lose the story of how it was cut
Yes, please polish!!! and maybe add some black resin to the gaps.
That's way more solid than I thought it'd be!
Hi Adam! I love the water jet channel and now i love your channel too! Glad you did a collaboration with them so i can come see what you've been up to
it would be interesting to see if you could hammer the relatively less dense center, and make a solid aluminum bowl
Now you can film a new version of Monty Python ! 🥥🥥🐴
This needs a Display case, with integrated hard specular lighting (not diffused light, happy to help) also give it to Norm for macro photography 😍
So cool! I was waiting for this video. Looking forward to the polished half.
ey there it is! i was wondering about this for awhile now
Its really intresting to see the core of this thing. the center looks like it captured tiny pockets of air, it kind of reminds me of what a meteorite that has been cut in half looks like. The meteorite is just fused tiny chunks of metal all formed togeather. i wonder if once you get on a large scale if the air pockets exist on large nearly moon sized asteroids that have enough gravitational force to give it a circular shape.   Of course there wouldnt be air in space but maybe some other gas from the friction of manys tons of gravitational force. Possibly including air, if an asteroid contained water. okay im ranting but, cool video
It's pronounced Al-you-min-i(as in it) um.
Now you just need to make it into a demon core lamp that glows blue when you turn it on
The pan out at 6:25 needs to be a gif or meme format. It's so genuine and goofy.
Most of us machinist's use term "gummy" when machining aluminum because how it sticks to tooling
I'm sure he didn't see my comment about the water jet specifically, but it's nice to know that I wasn't wrong.
Maybe you can ask the Waterjet people why they no longer feature Dan and Mitch on the channel. I unfollowed a couple months ago because the videos took a pretty steep decline and they wouldn't address the issue when close to ½ of the comments were asking where Dan and Mitch have been.
*don't you have a research/specialty microscope for looking at oddly shaped objects like this? the details and intricate folds within the core of this sphere would be really cool to examine...speaking as a geek of course...do it for your fans...do it for the children*
Now I want to make a aluminum ball....
I would have cast into a square block of resin and cut it on the miter
Now you need to crush it with the help of the folk from the hydraulic press channel. 👍
I imagine:  those balls filling a simple bra, mounted onto a sheet of thin Wood and framed with an antique frame
Now to the problem of how to smooth something that's so hard on the edge, yet so soft in the middle.
Nice to get the Aluminium ball Epilogue! I wonder what the next aluminium ball you make will be like. Maybe even bigger.
@ 2:57 .. who else thought what I thought?
It almost looks like a cross section of bone.
Bewwwwwwwbs
Nice follow up video!!!
*polished and lightly etched or vice versa  (or the voids enhanced with a very thin acrylic pour media used for custom made table tops) and then displayed would be amazing...would also be an reason or opportunity for another themed one day build...not that you ever need an excuse for one of those*
Much has been sacrificed
Silver boobies… Aw c’mon, it had to be said
Is this how the earth works, hard on the outside and airy on the inside?
im not sure if its possible to even get most of the air out because its just inevitable that oxidation get worked into the ball and if you did it in a vacuum thats just cheating because it will cold weld on its own anyway
GARNET stone is the gem you are looking for
You should contact the Hydraulic Press channel and have one half pressed
adam why dont you be a professional and use a jig to hold it?..
1:47 Are you aware you are displaying someone's address on the side of that box?
From what I researched from a project in engineering classes, water jets are often used to cut meat, and in that case it is just water. Often garnet is used on metal, as well as other media.
I would hammer the inside and make a couple of bowls
I was going to say: I REALLY hope it gets polished up
Awesome video Adam!
Flocking Awesome Adam !
Maha! Finally. Nice work, Adam
Can you cut the polished turd in half
2:56  "Hello old friend!" *Every single tool in the cave wakes up * Just those words made me giggle.
The water does do a good bit of cutting. I run a waterjet myself and can cut through a baseball bat with just pure water. It's just much slower. The particulate added to the water stream is usually powdered garnet.
Finally! How many others have been waiting for this? After watching Adam fail to cut it in half so many times and giving up I’ve been waiting for the update lol
I think it would be interesting to see you take one half of the ball (or a future one) and compress/smooth the less dense center to make a bowl out of it.
Melt it down into an ingot and see how much smaller it gets!
measure the approximate diameter of the sphere - then you can calculate the volume. then weight it and calculate its density. by comparing its density to that of solid aluminum, you can approximate the "porosity" or the percentage by volume of "void" inside the ball
We thought it couldn’t be done
Adam is the most interesting man in the world, he can talk about an aluminum foil ball and keep me focused on this ordinary kitchen item for 8 mins. Amazing, keep making awesome content like this Adam 👏 I love it!
Looks like Hel, from Metropolis's, boobs...
They can cut some things with water pressure alone you know
The intro noise is a piercing beep.  Noise pollution.  Makes your video hard to watch.
You basically reverse-engineered a ringworld!
Can you polish the flat side?
Didn’t expect that lol
It would be cool to see you create another foil ball but by making a small ball that you compress and adding more layers on to it and compressing those layers and repeat. Then cut it open to see how it looks inside
Garnet They use Garnet xD (for hardest stuff)
The sequel we all needed
Powdered garnet is(used to be?) one of the more common grits used in waterjets to cut harder materials.
Today I learned there was a water jet channel.
Wow I'm really surprised it's as dense as it is! 😮
Doing another one with a cylinder cored out by EDM cutting would be really cool too.
My associates came in clutch. Edm wire would have given you better detail.
Odd idea- I wonder if oxygen in the air affects how the aluminum "consolidates" as it's hammered/compressed?  Aluminum being so reactive, while it's being hammered together maybe more oxidation occurs?  IF one did this same experiment in a vacuum, would you get a better (more "pure") result?  Or maybe if you did this under a hood with Argon or some other inert gas?  Probably a bit too geeky :)
Sounds like it needs a box/case build video now….😉
Great to see it split. I've been wanting to see it since the original video.
An aluminum geode
Can't help but think that the Waterjet Channel should've sent Adam a new roll of foil a day or two ahead of sending the two halves of the ball back...
polish it
It’s human nature to want to find out what the inside of the ball looks like 🙃 It’s like opening a geode
Coming from the Waterjet channel, can’t wait to see it once it’s polished!
My suggestion of a guillotine would have been cooler…. But thanks for following up with this video!
Adam. I can't believe you didn't mention that the interior of the ball looked like the lunar surface!!!
Ah ha! Happy to see you ended up going with a waterjet!
You have to sand the cut and show us, Adam!
i would have guessed it would have had a very small hollow center.     it would be cool to see it polished but i dont think the center is dense enough to go through the procedure, it will probably tear when you try to sand it .  it will be just as grippy as when you tried to cut it with a blade
Just reached the "Lets cut a cathode ray tube in half" bit.   WHAT !!!!  ????
That was amazing but now I need to see you go ahead and try and polish that. Its gorgeous but I need one half polished.
It is often crushed rubies, known as garnet. By the way the recycled stuff is way cheaper!
How big of a roll do you recommend for beginners? As 200 + ft may be a bit much? Thanks!
You are awesome adam!
It's good to be Adam Savage.
Fun to see Adam having a ball.
melt it and remodel it!
The inside kinda looks like concrete.
Smelt it down to a true aluminium ball and see what the size difference is.
I will concur, trying to cut that ball in half was one of the dumbest things I have ever seen someone try to do. The only thing missing was "Hey hold my beer."
You did a really good job on it - the other ones I've seen aren't as dense inside.
Def need to polish one side for comparison.
I'm so happy you got it cut!
Looks like bone marrow.
the masculine urge to sand and polish random stuff
What happens if you polish the cut side?
just so you know the one we have uses garnet and i think most of them do
I can't wait to see the inside polished!
Love the channel! Always make the best videos!
First
YES! Been waiting! That vid went viral.
Make a rubix cube 😅🤣✌️ love you man 😎
