I would say they clearly agree with you about it being lifted if they chose to share the writing credits with Dagny, b/c you know they wouldn't cut someone else in on the money unless they felt they really had to. So they knew they weren't going to get away with it and just nipped it in the bud by sharing the writing credit.
Why do songs these days have like 4 or 5 songwriters?  How can so many people write a song together and have it be one cohesive piece?
Shout out to Porter Robinson, who  co-produced Clarity
Norman Gimbel would be proud.
GO DJ Beato, Go DJ Beato GOHHHH!!!!!!!!!
Written by Michelle Buzz of Haute and Freddy.
Mixing the two together actually sounds great.
who is Zedd? I thought Zedd's dead....Zedd's dead. Also....9 people to write this crap?
Man, Flame owes Dagny some money.
Can't slip anything by you Rick!
The Dagny song is  better, Rick. Plus, it’s an original not an over produced copy. The hard pan sounds great though, as many have pointed out. And yes, it’s impossible to tell there are 2 different songs. Because there is not. It’s the same song, not a derivative. And no, if they didn’t have the Dagny song there is zero chance the Katy Perry version  exists. Sheesh.  Also the marching snare is cheesy and unnecessary.
How can lazy can you get????
Dagny is sooooo fucking underrated... her new album ELLE is a masterpiece. <3
This song also sounds just like Demons from Imagine Dragons in the chorus.
Edgy of KP to sing a song not written by Max Martin!
9:55 yes, Ralph Murphy in his songwriting lectures would often say to keep the lyric melody in the verses "linear".
Those choppy staccato lyrics are like fast rapping...with notes 8:47 9:43
The fact that multi-millionaire companies are able to rip-off indie artists so frequently with no consequences is repulsive.
The single tone melody makes it sound dry. They should have at-least played around more with the harmony. Though, to be fair, I liked it in Savage Garden's "I Want you" - maybe because the rhythm was less predictable.
Nine people to write a song if it takes nine people to write a song you have no business doing music, especially if you have to rip somebody off and have seven more writers. On the other hand, I will say that it sounds pretty cool when you stick together and  pan each track
The lesson here is, no amount of slick production, big budget, or song theft will ever triumph over good songwriting and a raw, passionate singer. DAGNY is a far superior artist to Katy Perry and Love You Like That is the obviously better record.
I'll take Dagny over Katy Perry any day
NO THE OTHER SINGER DID KATTY WOULD NEVER I KNOW HER 😭🙈
There seems to be a pattern for a lot of Katy Perry songs.....
Cannot believe someone likes the Perry version better than Dagny's original.
She also plagiarised Always by Erasure (in firework) and All the things she said by TATU (in ET).  Basically this isnt a one off, she's a serial plagiariser.
My favorite is Canon in D, how it always ends up among many artist's cord progressions: Maroon 5 - Memories; Camila Cabello - Bad Things; The Farm - All Together Now;  Pet Shop Boys - Go West; and the list is long.
Never Really Over = cringe. And most of Katy Perry's songs to my ears. Those particular notes she hits and stays on those notes....ugh
Hey Rick!  What's the best way to find out if your melody or song's an intentional plagiarism. There doesn't seem to be an AI for that yet!?
So, all the current music is made by a) 2% musicians ("real artists") b) 5% music producers (knowledgeable bastards ;) c) 93 % attractive sock puppets  In the 70ies, German producer Frank Farian produced the music of "Boney M" - big hits! Turned out, he made all music by himself, singing the male, and even one female voice by himself. 1988ff Farian was the producer of "Milli Vanilli" - big hits. Turned put, again he did it again, i.e. all music, plus singing (this time, other people sung, too, but none from Milli Vanilli, though)
No verse melody to be remembered .
i wish she'd steal one of my songs...wait I guess I'd have to write something first!
When you talk about the triplets on the vocal, it's important to mention that it's over 16th notes on the snare. The juxtaposition of an odd meter over an even meter is what makes it sound so interesting.
The same for ed a sheeran there are like 6 songs of his that sound the same as others.
Katy Perry always was a wannabe joke and should be thrown into the Lake of Fire.
Jazz guys trippin over how pop music is all the same.  Bring Noel Gallagher on your channel to discuss jazz music.  Most average musos know how to put some chords behind a melody, but its the melody writers like Noel, Kara dioguardi, Taylor swift, Max Martin who have the melodic talent top labels are looking for
its all crap
Listen to always by erasure and firework katy perry
She didn’t copy it - she remastered it and gave her credit for it tho
Why not just call this "a cover" and end all discussions? She fully credited the original composers.
Why copy a song? Why not just write your own? I don't get it, but I'm not a writer or musician so I could be missing a lot.
Never really liked never really over. But I love love you like that like a LOT.
they say it also inspired "breaking my heart" by reiley. what do u think?
well... that's why Dagny got credit for writing Katy Perry's song.  what else do you want?  There are people who straight up copy but do not give credit, this ain't that.
what's wrong with you???????????????????????????????
Why don't they do just official covers. A cover is more than ok. Your fans discover another artist, you put out more songs, the artist gets a cut, musicians/tech work, everybody's happy...
Katy Perry and her "team" are a plagiarizing machine.
Chickaty china it’s Chinese chicken. Grab a drumstick and your brain starts ticking.
I would say the vocal rhythms are copied, too, or at least they're very reminiscent of a couple of parts from other songs. The up tempo part reminds me of the verse of 'I Want You' by Savage Garden. The punchy part reminds me of a part near the end of 'D.A.N.C.E.' by Justice. This is probably less noticeable than copying melodies or chord progressions, but by the same token, it means those bits aren't very original either.
Spot on. Same song.
Now compare Katey Perry's last Friday night with The Jags, back of my hand. Very similar.
I hear this quite often.
Wow.i,m in the UK,but that's pretty astonishing.i like both,but the first to me sounds more natural.
The video - as always is very interesting - but you're dwelling too much on "rip-off" here, at the start ... you eventually say there are "actually nine writers on this song", and we see that everyone appears to have been credited, either because it was copied and credit was given OR someone realised it was the same, so also gave credits. Skip the intro of blaming - change the click bait title of the video - and go into the brilliance of your analysis next time ;0)
Ugh.  Back to my Fleetwood Mac...
"Good artists copy...gresat ones steal!"...Ismael Delgado 2023
I know this is 2 years late to the conversation, but the vocal pattern of the Katy Perry version also reminds me a LOT of Savage Garden's "I Want You".
9 writers on this song... All democrats from California
the Katy Perry version is awful to me Boring af and the woman's voice physically hurts me
Axis of Power progression! another 2 songs on the list!
The guys that Katy Perry works with for her arrangements are always stealing other artists songs.
Love this, every day is a school day with Rick ...thank you. Don't even like the tune if I'm being honest.
I wish she has a copyright strike and YouTube take her career out 😂
Dagnys version is way better to me. Also don't get why you're giving Katy Perry this much of a spotlight and praise for the most part of the video when this video is about her stealing a song.
Dagny > Katy Perry
I wish  Rick would take one of my songs and  produce  it with perhaps Seal,or a great lady singer and I could  go to my grave fulfilled. Another starving artist, with magical  thinking, I am?
Rick, you forgot to mention it's still the definition of cookie cutter CRAP
I hope they collaborate on something in the future. Both songs turned out wonderfully. It's like a part one and part two and a flattering combination
Both songs suck, so why bother?
I don’t like much of todays pop.   Only some.  I really don’t like perry
Katie copied that song.  Yep
I can’t stand that song Clarity. It’s one of few songs that actually annoy me. I usually agree with you so I’m really surprised that you think it’s so great.
You want to see bad lyrics, check out the song Soul by Lee Brice. Look at this mess:  “And I'll be singing, Holy Mother of Moses (oh, yeah) I just wanna buy you roses (I just wanna buy you roses) Open every door that closes And kiss you from your head to your toeses”
A great example of how, if nobody has to take the credit, Anything is Possible.
i don't necessarily think that it being "better" produced song makes it a better song, I think the Dagny original is waaaay better
Weird snare? Listen to Top Secret from Switserland ;-)
I think we're almost to where autotune will be able to replace the vocalist entirely.
Clarity is fucking awesome .. ..nice to see you like it
I absolutely can not stand Katy perry. for some reason when she sings I want plug my ears.
BUSTED!
I like the merged version best. (~3:35)  The lyrics even sound complimentary when you pan back and forth.
it's two fleas fighting over the dogs back.
Since you mentioned it, I’d love a what makes this song great for clarity by foxes/zedd
This is called legalized plagiarism my friends. Easy way to avoid legal problem, just add “writing credits.” Dagny has the better verse, Katy has the better chorus
I’VE BEEN SAYING THIS!!!!! And it’s not even the first time she’s done this, she keeps getting away with it.
What is it? - folk, this is a fu%kin# plagio!
Yes, people with money and fame can produce something that sounds sparkly. Yes they can. Real music that touches your heart is a whole different matter though.
9 writers?  W.A. Mozart: "Hold my beer"
Try listening to the chorus of Katy Perry's 'When Im gone'  and tell me it isn't 'influenced' by 'Following the Sun' by Superhi and Neeka....far too close for comfort and written 2 years later
I’ve noticed a pattern with YouTube arrangers (like pianists) giving themselves credit without ever crediting the original songwriter.
Well this video started good, then it went downhill. And looking through the comments I understand I'm not the only one to realize that the original is WAY better than the overproduced Katy copy.
They are both great songs (as expected) but I personally prefer "Love You Like That"
Here's the thing, Katy's an amazing singer/ song writer. She writes her own songs and some others help in co write some of her songs. Her vocal capability is amazing and she has a great vocal range. Here, She simply liked Dagnys version. She contacted them and got permission to sample it. Possibly cuz she simply liked the song enough to sample it, It took 9 writers to make the lyrics seem different
Rick! You're great!!
8:12 - Rick is fantastic, but made a little "Muphrey's Law" slip-up here where he critiques the tautology in the grammar, then says "let's continue on".
I'm sorry.  But, we have reached a point where anything with any little effort is called a good song.  Neither of these songs are good.  These songs are basically Arpeggio rhythms that a software plays over and over again.  There are a few chords and no real chord progressions of substance like music from the past.  When a song like Shape Of You by Ed Sheeran can get FIVE BILLION views on Youtube and climbing, you know today's music is pathetic.  I feel so bad for today's young people that will never really experience good music with the exception of the few that search out the past.  Rick you know better than to call Katy's song good like you did on this video at 7:39.
This is undoubtedly a Dagny song that others have an inspiration from. You can clearly hear that her other songs from this recording have the same sensitivity.
Theme and variation
Man, I'm high AF and died laughing at the thumbnail and title of the video...the perfect clickbait combination
This personifies why I hate music today. Nothing but a bigger artist ripping off someone smaller. Hostile takeover.
Original is original in my book. Wonder if Ms. Perry is as pretty or 5'11" like Dagny, while we do comparisions.
So  if thye share writing credits does Dagny get a cut
RICK   BLINK IF KATY PERRY'S PRODUCERS ARE HOLDING YOU HOSTAGE
The fact that any musician has a "team" is sickening to me.
9 writers and it's still a piece of crap.
Many artists copied other people songs and change something to make their own music. This is how music industry do.
Im amused how katy's team uses "inspired" to get around the legal issues.  Katys camp has done this with a song by Flame and Lacrae titled Joyful Noise. The song Katy released was Dark Horse, but in that song they changed key and tempo.  I know that lecrae sued katys camp and won for copyright issues.
HEY RICK BEATO,YOU'VE DONE WONDERS CHAMPIONING SO MANY REALLY DESERVING UNSUNG ARTISTS AND IT IS WITH THIS VERY THING IN MIND THAT I WOULD LIKE YOU TO CONSIDER DOING A FEATURE ON A MUSICIAN AND COMPOSER NAMED LAINEY SCHOOLTREE OF THE BAND SCHOOLTREE. DO YOU KNOW ANY FEMALE PRODUCER/ENGINEER/COMPOSER/PLAYERS WHO HAVE MADE A STAGGERINGLY GOOD PROG ROCK OPERA DOUBLE ALBUM? GO LISTEN TO 'HETEROTOPIA' ALL THE WAY THROUGH AND TELL ME SHE CANT HANG WITH ANYBODY. AS A GUEST SHE'LL BE ONE OF THE SMARTEST,FUNNIEST AND MOST JAW DROPPINGLY CAPABLE PEOPLE YOU'VE EVER HAD ON. KNOW MANY FEMALE PROG ARTISTS DO YA?NOT LIKE HER YOU DONT. GIVE THE WOMEN A SHAKE,THEY NEED HELP TOO.
Dagny's song sounds less aggressive.
How the hell did you do that with the right and left speaker?
came back to this because I just heard "Daisies" by Katy Perry and it sounds SO MUCH like "Don't Leave Me Alone" by David Guetta and Anne-Marrie
Man, I love this channel! I once was a guitar player, even minored in music in college, but over time, other interests took over and now my one guitar gets played every one in awhile during a blue moon. But I still love music theory, history, and appreciation,  and I get all of that and more here at the Beato channel.  I use some of his advise on practicing guitar but apply to my current hobby, knife making.  It's easy for me to cross over since did in fact practice playing 8 to 10 hours a day. It was the I'm sick if your excuses episode I think that I was watching while sharpening some new blade after pulling 3 all fighters on build. At any rate, it's been great watching and listening to the wide variety of content you put on your channel! Both inspiring and very informative  :)
Zedd always rips off songs
She ripped dagny off
It took 9 people to rip off a song, period
Hard for me to imagine anyone liking either of these songs or most all new music today. Boring.
Dalmeny song would be better live and lyrics are more meaningful to be. The  Kate Perry song is more fun to listen to.
I really don't see the point of this video. Dagny was contacted and given writing credit so she's getting paid for her work. Why don't you do a video about Led Zeppelin and the number of times they stole from other artists and had to be taken to court and forced to give the writers credit.
I thought you meant the song by Jill Sobule
I love organic music , analog,  although digital has its place . Music is becoming over produced , ultra polished and computerized 😎
And U still haven't heard the  Dark Horse beats she copied from an unknown artist. 😕
Hey Rick, why aren't there any current singers to the likes of Nicolette Larson or Harry Nillson today ? Has the industry abandoned the search for talented vocalists ?
You should check out Clean Bandit. pop with cello and violin..
One Note Samba, baby
Super mix down Rick!!!   It's a new inspired song if you play them together LOL
I like you Rick😊I have such awesome lyrics idea you could put music too !! lol☺️🙏🎼
😊I hope Dagny got compensated good Cos it’s a really good beat/ song!! I love the Danny song!
Why do you talk about "music" when you refer to mainstream comercial entertainment?
Maybe a review of Clarity in the future?
there's many examples in the last 50 years of more famous artists ripping off much lesser artists simply because they're much more rich and famous and able to get away with it. there's also less 'criminal' acts of people who write tons of pop songs reusing the same chord progressions and beats for multiple artists. the music industry machine really just gives 0 shits because they want to own every single riff / progression / beat / melody etc. to make the maximum amount of money so even lawsuits along the way are really minor costs compared to how much they make in aggregate.
Pete Townsend !! they captured his brain! what people do 4 money!🐕 BRUH!! U'r so talented!! it's a smash hit!! U've just made a real song!! woohoo!
What about Sara Bareilles' "Brave" and Katy's "Roar"? Literally the same track. Literally.
theyre both crap songs
it also sound like its from Taylors swift 1989 album like welcome to New York and out of the woods
Chew, spit, repeat
Rick ~ Great channel!  Regarding Katy Perry, I've always felt that she has an exceptional voice.  And in my humble, uneducated opinion, her voice's is under-utilized.  Rick, do you think that Katy's voice is equal to the task of singing The Great American Songbook?  Granted, Katy's no Lady Gaga...But I'd love to see what she'd do with a standard.
There is more to writing a good song than production value. The Katy Perry song is pure production value but certainly not a great song. I think being in the industry and having producer's ears one can get caught up in the production value and lose the point that there is nothing substantial about it.
Okay, so Dagny probably got some cash. No big mystery.
This was interesting until Rick said "what makes this song great". That being said I like Dagny's voice way better.
Great, as always.
Katy perry camp has a HISTORY of copying homework and or repackaging music this is so wrong 😑
This happens so often. When one is  into music and a little bit older one can so often hear the 'inspiration'. Luckily most  time it isn't so obvious.  I grab my younger peers and have them listen to the originals.
Excellent comments on this pop copied song with 9 writers....I couldn't agree more with your commentary on it
Wondering if Dagny is getting any royalties along with the 'inspiration' --
So many pop artists are just ripping songs these days and I HATE it. Ariana Grande's 7 rings is just "my favorite things" from the sound of music.
Someone should do a mashup of those songs ;) edit: Just did a search, apparently there are plenty already...
I'm reminded of a line I heard from Pete Seeger: "Plagiarism is basic to all culture".  He would often play some ages-old folk song, then play all the songs that had been created from it just by taking the same tune and changing the lyrics, or slightly tweaking the melody.  That's music for you!
What is it about songs nowadays? To me they all sound the same over produced, auto-tuned and un- melodic. There’s also something a little un-settling about them. I can’t explain it, but a lot of modern songs don’t feel comfortable to hear, I immediately want to switch them off. Is there a trend for having songs in a certain key or is it the implicit dissonance of 440hz?
What's about the scandal they made out of stairway to heaven?
9 writers means no lawsuits.
This is sooo New York! The more of NY is only the Woody the Allenium, uh, maybe Kate Perry in the Perrysburger!
the first 3 chords are very "Baba O'Reilly" by The Who, but then it evolves with more chords.  very well written song
I totally understand when Rick says he loves pop songs. I grew up with Beatles, Stones and all sorts of blues and earth tones, but no matter how much root music I listened to, I always loved pop, whether it was Olivia, Bee Gees, Kool and the Gang, Michael Jackson... Great music is great music, whether it's Pink Floyd or Cher.
Did one person write” I love you like that” Then another person wrote “ I love you like that” And you’re another one wrote” I love you like that” 🤔🧐😏🤣🤣🤣🤣
Katy’s slaps. That’s it
You have a great ear Rick! Don't get tenitus like me!
At 10:12 I had to pause and think about why that chord progression sounded familiar and then LOLed when you said it at 10:26
the vocal lines remind me of Savage garden's "I want you.'
Dagny is the Far Superior Version 🧐
"one-note-melody"  Sting often played with that idea - finding a way to make complex chord progressions that still had one note in common all the way through the song
None of these are good.. they sound like all other mainstream crap these days, which is mostly, quite annoying.. objectively speaking, not subjectively. And what all mainstream pop, or whatever, have in common, is that close to all of them, are about being as narcissistic as possible! That's why any decent person detest this awful noise marketed as music.
you should change the title for Katy Perry team "improved" the original, it would be fairer to the video content
K.P 's team filled in the blanks and made it a bit more appealing...but yep a direct copy of an already good song...
Wait till you hear highway song by Blackfoot and Yelawolf you and me. Kinda disappointed me
Those tracks played beside each other hurt my ears.
3 words:  *Fun, forgettable, stolen!* Lyrics are trite, banal, and thus easily thrown away. It only has good production and good vocals going for it  - aside from the *theft* of another decent, throwaway pop song. Rick, I love your insightful analyses even though I will never willingly listen to this song again!
Dagny's got a HUGE check coming -- OUT of Katy Perry's pocket!  *REACH IN!  YANK IT OUT,  DAGNY!*
All new era pop songs sound the same..same new song, flat boring music with overproduced voices. Prince, Jackson, Maddona, Summer, Lauper, Sting, Houston, Richie, Bowie  Petty, Springsten, Turner, a-ha, Fears, U2, Sade, Toto, B George, Michaels, REM, S Minds, GoGOs, Devo, B Tyler, Blondie, etc etc are truly missed!!!
Has it come to this! Do you have to forget all about SONGS andMELODY  and dissect the arrangements?Without all the non song elements( sounds on recording)it would never be musically meaningful with,say a guitar or piano only? The plain truth is that excellent musicians have to prostitute themselves in order to analyse nothing! Nine writers on a simple no tune? come On Yes it’s all about non musicians selling to non musical kids,controlled by non musical  Guys in an office!
Awesome video, Rick!   Not a musician and no musical talent, but former radio jock and work in production with orchestra's now, and your explanation is very cool and understandable.   I've often heard "borrowed pieces", but your "inspired" description is truly accurate as "ripped off".    Really liked how you compared them on ProTools!  And you're right..  easily overlapped to the point where it truly sounded like one well mixed song.
Just watched "Cosmic Sin" (Netflix) Theme Tune same as the original tune of Joss Whedon's "Firefly"  not same lyrics. I play alittle guitar but love the Firefly theme written by Whedon himself. What to do about it? or just forget it, it so annoys me!
It could be strongly suggested that many, many tunes these days all sound very similar.. production techniques alone make it difficult to decipher any tune from thousands of others, creating a legal rabbit hole that will leave no one winning.. all adding the cultural desert that is todays music BIZ..
Rick Beatos videos make me smile every time. His love for music is so contagious.
We had a song called, "I Try" inspired by the soundtrack on the cake puzzle for the game, "The Seventh Guest." Of course it's a looped song with no chorus. We put the chorus and vocals to it. The game manufacturers never contacted us. Are game soundtracks copywrited just like full songs?
9 writers to write 3 chords that rip off Baba O’Reilly. That’s 1/3 of a chord for each “writer”! What crap.
Firstly,...chances are, Rick, you may have perfect pitch , if you detected the same key without a reference. Secondly, they probably did that on purpose. Repetition creates program mind control, thus creating a crossover subliminally, if you like one then you will like the other and purchase both artist (or lack thereof) CD. Thirdly, not only can they monetize on both artist, but they can, create the perfect mash up hit which would also sell. It is all in the production and promotion. Take any chimp and make them a star. Keep up the good work and vids! Great observation. Now, we can only imagine they will stage a fake lawsuit and get more publicity!
unreal. love this!!
"Katy Perry basically copied this song - but she's still a Maestro! 😀"
Katie is also fond of ripping off Sara Bareilles. 'Roar is a total rip off of 'Brave'
Rick wins the internet by sampling The Who into a debate over whether Dagnys song was copied by Russell Brands ex-wife and her crew.
There's nine song "writers" because that's where the money is. This IS template song producing made even easier with software and progressively enabling tools. Pay to play keeps some of those good songs like the muddy mags out of the competition for ears and dollas. For profit Corporate music led to increased profits Collab hit creation and it's sickening. Not in a good way. ftw
Ick that huffy, breathy vocal. Over-engineered sound. Soundtrack for an exciting commercial for chewing gum or a mall-standard clothing store. It smells like corporate perfume. Songs with the tags still on. These are not human emotions, written by committee and evaluated by focus groups before going through a final computer polishing. 🤮😵
Love Katie!
Reminds me of Rocketown by Michael W. Smith
I always love Rick's enthusiasm for whatever music he is analyzing, but I gotta say that even the great Rick Beato isn't able to make this palatable for my ear.  Sorry to those 9 songwriters/producers, but this "music" just makes my stomach churn, and I wonder how anything so god-awful is appealing to anyone.  I gave it a chance and now, I feel like I must recover from some form of aural torture.
Copied garbage recopied into more garbage...new music sux.
Have you ever noticed the similarity of Tennessee Whiskey and Etta James' I'd Rather Go Blind?
It's sad, it wasn't an inspiration but was copied but at least they let Dagny know.  God bless.
Good insight
My world of music made a huge change when I started playing guitar. Before that music was like eating a casserole. You could pick out a few flavors but in general it was just the overall package. Afterwords much like a chef being able to taste all the different ingredients in every bite, my ear could now hear the individual notes, chords, bass, drums and keyboards of every instrument to some level. You sir would be in my view one of the great master chefs of the world. You hear things I can barely hear even when you point them out. Thank You.
1:03 is Teenage Wasteland. So now we know where both of them got it from.
How in the world do they have 6-9 songwriters on one song?! 🤦🏽‍♂️
I need to know, did Taylor Swift steal I'm no Superman by lazlo bane!? Listen to Our Song, I hear the same cadence, similar sound, please do this song!
It's like when people fall out of a club and they're "tired and emotional" instead of stoned and / or pissed 😂😂😂
"Like the Version" ...writing for the very first time, Like the Ver er er version, and your chorus, is same as mine.
Hi Rick, I'm an oldie like you.  But unlike you, I rarely listen to modern music.  I was intrigued by your clip, and while watching and listening to it I thought............take out the names of the two female singers, and it sounded very much like some songs from an Australian female singer from the early 2000's, Leah Haywood.  Then you mentioned her name as a producer and writer of this song.  Is it just me, or is there a similarity between her old music, and this song she had a hand in writing and producing?
I can recall Katy Perry copying someone elses song a while back too
9 people to write one crap song.
You so facinating amalyst, you understand song better then the people that wrote the song,sometimes when you contact the autor of the song to explane something to you and it happens the opposite :)
Thank you Rick!  So educational to dissect music like this. Wonderfully done!
There's only 12 notes, Rick. Sooner or later someone's gonna get ripped off.
I can't even imagine writing a song that's derivative of another song. Especially a near identical copy. Such a complete lack of morals? Or is it a lack of self confidence? What is it? What kind of mentality would lead you to making songs that are copies? You're just a cover band. Blows my mind anyone would think this is OK.
That's the reason for all the catalogs being brought, so u can't sue in court cuz they already have control of the, MASTERS. DAFNEY, SHOULD'VE GOTTEN 3 CENTS PER ALBUM OR SINGLE SOLD. PERIOD, STEVE VIA DID CALL IT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. I HOPE THEY GET THEIR JUST DUE
The triple figures is just a pop adaptation of the triplets overused rap trick
Im always disappointed when somebody hears a shitty pop song and says “wait, I think this shitty pop artist may have a case against this other shitty pop artist for stealing their shitty music”. It’s your thing and I’ve learned to accept it but it still stings when I hear it from you, Rick.
"I just love pop music!"  Rick is a teenage girl trapped in the body of a 58 year old man.
Today's mainstream pop music is ridiculous. A superfamous singer like Katy Perry can just steal your song, rewrite the lyrics, re-record it and release it with a different name, because they know they'll make more money out of it just for the sake of exposition than you ever would. Yeah, they keep your credits, which are now shared with football team's number of people, and give you a cut. To them, that's like throwing the dog a bone.
This song is trash. I’m not sorry.
I would think Dagny appreciates you highlighting this situation & her Music. Many would not have Known. 👍
Katy Perry sucks!
Just watched this more than a year later.... why do artists nowadays prefer to "be inspired" by songs they didn't write instead of simply covering those songs? Royalties?
Definitely copied...though this one is just one of the many, I mean many, the today "stars" copied, Snoop Dogg, Katy, Ed Sheeran, Dua, Miley they're all copying earlier songs which made it to the top of the charts, so they make sure it's gonna be a HIT$$$$
Can you have a one note melody? Maroon 5 says yes
Lot of music today is now copied by another artist. This is nothing new.
I like the Dagny song more
'modern' music has been pissing me off since 2002.. when I was 16 and picked up a guitar. Not many authentic artist in the charts.  since the 90's. Too much copying. Why don't people appreciate decent music?   Bored ? check out Wax Fang - Majestic. (how is that not a chart topper?) Excellent talented band from Kentucky. I had the pleasure of seeing them in Manchester UK when they came over.
By the way, do you and Jim Jarmusch ever compare hair? ☺
They should’ve mashed the two up like you did. It actually sounds somewhat interesting that way. I actually kinda like some of Perry’s early stuff if it happens to come on the radio but all this stuff pretty much sounds the same to me.
Does anyone hear Baba O'Reilly in this?
with out 9 writers there would be a lawsuit.
Disgusting rip-off of someone else's work.
Katie Perry copied “always” by Erasure with her song “firework”.  Wish you could do a video on that.
i’m so so so glad he mentioned “can’t even go on the internet, without even checking your name” I HATED THAT should have been “without trying to look up your name” hands down
THAT IS WHAT THE INDUSTRY IS DOIN FOREVER !!! A 17 YEAR OLD WROTE "BITCH BETTER HAVE MY MONEY" FOR RIRI no cap ^^
How many people you need to write a simple song.  I write my own.
Amazing
Neither of them sound like Rats In The Cellar by Aerosmith so I can't waste my time
The stuff Rick always points to as why something is great is what I call production flourishes. If a track is already really good, those production flourishes can make it even better. But if the song itself is limp, if the singing doesn't express anything, production can't save it from being crap. If the production is really slick, maybe deodorized crap.
Late to the party on this but... clearly both songs copy John Cage's Silence in all the bits between vocals and instruments.
Do I sound too much the boomer snob to say I find both songs utterly forgettable and don't even care that one over-produced, over-managed 'artist' copied another? I do love how Rick exposes it all.
She also copied I Kissed A Girl (Jill Sobule).   Katy is lame. Same topic.  Not edgy at all.
I don't know man. I love me some guilty pleasures but I just can't handle pop from the past two decades at least. It's so soulless and samey it almost doesn't register as music to me.
Yeah this song would not exist without the original for sure
That was a really great analysis, Rick. Thank you! Well done!!
I hate fake clapping and finger snapping in a song.  Yeah a lot of pop and rap songs are "inspired" by other songs.  9 people wrote those lyrics?  Rock songs usually have only a couple at most and they're in the band.  How many people composed the music 15? lol  This is just another reason Rock is better.
Much as I hate this music, I love listening to Rick
I love pop music,in this case  rhythmically I appreciate the singing and beat ,but  I can’t stand the melody of lack of
modern songs make me run screaming out of the retail store that I am a prisoner to- once outside I am calm again
Your channel made me realize a billion writing credits the artist in question never wrote the song.
Did The Who get paid for that intro?
Can I love Katy Perry less....NO
i appreciate it your effort to bombard the shitty industry
This song is lit
I just listened to both songs for the first time. Dagny's "Love You Like That" is MUCH better.
Dude, you serious about being into this pop crap? ick...
They both stole those songs from the alien ship that I was flying and I had those soundtracks being destroyed to power my ship and they snuck on board and grabbed them and ran off with them I'm pissed those should have never made it out into the sound waves of the Rhythm of life it totally threw off the axis of the Earth what the heck was that crap Spock beam me up quick there's horrible music here on Earth everybody evacuate before your ears start to bleed hey man why the heck are you listening to that crap anyways?? You should be listening to my crap it's a little less crappier or maybe more but it's still mine and I didn't steal it are you still reading this whoever you are go get your booster Boozer and stay away from my toilet paper I only have 2 billion  rolls left and I'm full of crap
I have to say, just because it follows the same chords and tempo doesn't make it a rip off.
I've not heard any of the songs played in this video. But I recognize the state of pop "music". 9 writers to write a song that was already written. 🤣🤣
I prefer the Dagny song; it's got more character. The Perry number's well produced, if a little superficial, Pop.
Such great analysis!  It's entertaining and I feel I am learning
How does one track have so many writers?
Axis of awesome did a 4 chord song and a 3 chord song live, if the beat and rhythm are identical then its difficult to say. Most folk and rock and roll is the same chords and rhythm though. Just different inference  message and creative output. Case dismissed lol
Amazing technology … aided by your incredible “ear,” Rick.
Todays POP music is such garbage.  Talent approaching zero.  Robot music with no talent of any sort required.  Hurts my ears.
😂😂😂. Rick is Starting some $hit 😂
The real mystery is the vanishing Gibson at 09:10 which miraculously reappears at 09:44 🤔
Rick, it's probably better not to admit you drink Starbucks...
Unbelievable, you can't tell me that two identical songs are made up at the same time though... so riddle me this:   these two songs were in the Belgian charts at about the same time: - Fleur East / Sax - Laura Tessoro / What's The Pressure (2016 Eurovision song from Belgium)
So you telling me it took 5-6 people to write an exact rip off music. 😂
of course rick beato likes the overproduced bullshit. of course he does. i like neither, but damn.
One of my favorite Christian rappers, Lecrae, sued Katy Perry for stealing their beat. It was used on the song "Dark Horse".
I realize I'm seeing this 2 years after the fact, but  SHOULD you happen to see this Rick check out E-Pro by Beck and Private School - Arkells
Forget the rip-off aspect. The sad part is that it takes 9 people to write a crappy song.
The Katy tune is KMART... LOL
Gotta say, I'm not a fan of Katy Perry or even a fan of contemporary pop at all, but I like the energy Rick Beato puts in to his videos. He makes it interesting even if he's covering the inane 4 cord beat and caterwauling of someone like Katy Perry. Just to be fair, I do like one or two of Katy's songs, but that's not enough to listen to spine splitting cat screeching, with every pop song that emerges from the depth of hell,  an ever increasing, over used witless beat that took.... "NINE" (???) people to write! .. Anyway, I subscribed to Rick Beato because of his ability to like just about anything and deliver excitement over something even as inane and common as this song.
It's fine. It's pop music. Don't go down this pernicious route, it's encouraging nonsensical copyright claims. If this didn't happen, entire genres which repeat material within very tight parameters simply wouldn't exist. Stick with 'imitation is the sincerest form of flattery' and move on.
Sounds like orchestrated Morse code.  Maybe there's a secret message. Lol😎
This video started good, but then we where told that Rick Beato thinks a shitty bubble gum song (Zedd - larity) was one of the best songs in the recent decade. What the &%¤% This guy´s taste is unbelievable bad!
All this new music sounds the same to me.
Going on the Internet to check people's names is what people do today. Specially younger people. I'm pretty sure that back in the day, the first songs that included lyrics like: "Called you on the phone" or "Waiting for the phone to ring" were considered "songs with cheesy lyrics".
At least she's giving the original a writing credit, right? If that's the case, there's nothing wrong with it (I don't like either tune FTR). As an attorney and a musician, my position is copyright law is in great need of reform for freer and fairer use. Rick has already has his problems with copyright trolling.
Taste is everything. I find both songs boringly like so many many others. To me too many artists/songs/bands just sound so alike you can easily and often mistake them one for the other. It's so common to have high pitched singing or fast paced smoothed out vocals over barely there music that is just effectively taking up space in between brief snatches of what is more like something actually entertaining but the good bits are neither sustained/built upon nor thematically explored.  It's just frustrating. So often I find myself thinking there's almost a song there! In between the droning banality.
Pop music, including Katy Perry, is a guilty pleasure for me as well. I got into KP via a parody. video of Firework that was hilarious. Then I liked the song enough to check out the original which I loved. I was really into hat song (along with the rest of radioland) but only that KP song...until I heard Peacock. Then I fell hard for that whole damn album. My wife and I performed a lip sync in life size penis and vagina costumes to Peacock at our local cabaret. I then wore said costumes to a KP concert at the Oakland Arena (positive I would win the costume challenge and be dancing on stage with Ms Perry later that night), only to discover that mothers of the 7 year old girls they had brought to see Katy Perry would urgently call security on me rather than allow me to amass a lot of fun pictures with other hip adults. Yeah, I fell hard for Katy Perry.
Are these things really worth reviewing?
Katty Perry is overrated.
What I love best about RB... The fact that he isn't one noted... He appreciates good music, production, writing he's all world. I'm here right after just finishing "Before I Forget" his Slipknot breakdown. I like Katy Perry and Slipknot. Yes, It's possible.
Yes   we said '' ..what's wrong with you !!!!!  ''  Lol..hahah  I love your funny way to said it  !!
This music is terrible anyways. It's not like pop musicians have any original ideas.
Well the song's crap anyway!  But yeah... typical.  People don't know how to appreciate real music anymore.
On the 3rd of february the news came out that Dagny had been signed by Sony. Katy Perry is on Columbia records, which is a label of Sony music entertainment, according to wikipedia. So if you're relatively unknown, and you're contacted by Katie Perry's managment, you could either say 'sorry, no deal, you'll have to cover it and pay us royalties', or you could use it as leverage for an international contract.
Thievery.
9 people worked on ripping off a song?
Keep these coming.  It would be hilarious to make a set list of these.
And to think George Harrison had to go through what he did with My Sweet Lord and He’s So Fine?!  I think they are quite different but I don’t have Rick’s ear either!
I have so much respect for Rick that he can headbang to Katy Perry and still not go down a notch in my book. 🤘🏼💙  (Well, maybe just a quarter-tone of a notch. 😉)
Really I can't listen to this crap ... sorry 😂
Great analysis
Nothing gets past you....you really know your stuff. Impressive!
Business names are all used up. That's why company names spell names strangely.  After 1 billion songs were written and released. There must be similarities from one song from the past to new ones just released. The courts need a formula to deem that a new song is copy of an old song. Computers can put a new song in, add software, and you'll find 50 songs that are close to the new song. Then you sue them for stealing your song, from decades ago. The important point is, lawyers have another source of income. That is all that is important. Lawyers are paid win or lose! 90% of lawyers are bottom feeders. A quote from a lawyer friend of mine. They don't care if they win.
I believe Olivia Rodriguez, and Ed Sheeran have the best version. lol
The fraud just won her appeal for Dark Horse smh
She also copied "Brave" by Sara Bareilles to make the hit "ROAR!"...and she copied a Richard Marx song...also. Copykat.
And they tried to sue Zeppelin for 10 seconds of Stairway.  So now just credit the original writer/band in advance and copy away to your heart's content.  Sad.
I enjoy breaking away from my preferred music and listen to pop music.  I get addicted to the crafty melodies for a few weeks and then never want to hear that sh** again.  This Perry song is noise to me.  I suspect the only part she had in writing the song was the silly lyrics. Lol
Katy's song isn't even very good. It has a sappy and annoying melody and key signature. She had so many better ones on Smile. It barely charted. I would have cut it and sold it to another singer or band.
Intellectual property lawsuit is due.  So many episodes from old TV shows and movies were completely copied/ripped off as well and used in later TV shows and movies.   No originality.
I guess they consider it to be 20% different, so Katy is safe from copyright infringement.
I wonder just how massive the egos of our pop stars in the US are, mind-blowing really. Imagine Perry at least putting out a statement like, "Hey I stole this song, sorry" But nah, wouldn't happen. She's a corporation and it wouldn't be a good business move. How anyone Stans these people is crazy to me
Not the first time she did this.  Katy copied LaCrae’s song as well
8:05 you realize that pop music is that popular mostly due to the lyrics right. They are clearly meant to appeal to young females.  If you dont have lyrics about relationships, breaking up from relationships, being strong even though youre not in a relationship, or social media youre losing 80% of your young female audience immediately off the bat, which is about 35% of your total possible audience, and probably about 65% of your typical pop music audience. Clearly these numbers are rough estimates, but you get my point
I have no respect for people that steal. What else is it?
Don't forget about joyful noise by flame
Fun. You're channel is great. Hope to meet you in person one day. 👍🏻🎼🎶🎸🎹
Same tempo lol.
I think that they are all crab songs, including the clarity song you mentioned. It gives me a headache to be honest
Hey everybody got paid and got credit, so everyone's presumably happy.  I'll take 1/9th of the publishing royalties on any song Katy Perry wants to record every day, all day long, twice on Tuesdays.
I've always thought she ripped off a couple Empire of the Sun songs.
I have always known that Katy Perry was a huge fraud and willing to do anything for $$$$$. Total skum!!!
Theft. Total theft.
Ok, despite it essentially being a ripoff, when you had the two songs playing in unison through their chorus the two of them made each other better XD.
It took 9 people to write this?   That's like needing nine chefs to make a package of ramen.
Why are you listening to this garbage anyway?
So it takes 9 idiots to copy someone else's song???
That Dagny song is really awesome.
Nine writers for a song that was already written. Me thinks old katie's a bit of a rip off merchant.
I just can't get past how it took 9 writers to make a song so similar to another.  You would think with 9 writers you would have something fresh.
Gwen Stefani's - Make Me Like You, is a rip-off of The Cardigans- Lovefool
could be random ;)
It took nine people to write that its just a pop song a catchy one to be sure but nine people ?
She's not as original as she leads everyone to believe. I don't listen to her. 🙄 Great find!
I hate both songs, but even more so the Katy Perry one BECAUSE it's obviously a blatant rip off of the other.
Love the Mark McCabe remix of that Dagny song. It’s a little faster tempo.
You know about music than I ever will, but isn't this just how music sounds now? By this logic, all country songs plagiarize each other.
There’s a Korean song, BOL4 Travel, that sounds like it’s copied from somewhere.. I just can’t put my finger on where. Anyone who can shed light on this would be greatly appreciated. 🙏
As soon as I heard the first two notes, I was "Wow, Dagny was on the regular radio?"  I just discovered her a couple years ago on YouTube, and her music is amazing to me.    I guess it was amazing to Katy Perry, too.
4:05 I like your version best!
This is my favorite video Rick!  “Guilty pleasure”…I feel you.
Not the first time for her. Go back and play "Extraterrestrial" and then listen to T.A.T.U.'s "All the Things She Said"...
I can't stand that cramped-whining singing that is so iconic of pop clone music. I find it obnovious and fake-dramatic. It feels like it all comes out of the head, not deep from the heart. Which would be an accurate theme for what drives that whole industry branch. I would also say this is the kind of music that even if you enjoy it becomes really obnoxious quickly if you keep hearing it on radios from passing cars and from sunbathers' ipods. And that it had nine writers also shows the severe quantity-over-quality driving that society's mentality, considering they were still dishing out crap lines that not one of the nine seemed to have taken issue with.
Boy George was once asked how he wrote so many hit songs.  He said he would listen to the top 40 songs and take pieces of the hooks in each song and then add his own verses.   He would just zone out on the top 40 and get a feel for the vibe and pitches of the songs and synthesize them into one conglomeration to make a single song. It's how things are done in pop.
It doesn't matter whether it's Dagny or Katy Perry, the song is still GARBAGE!
As far as Katty Perry's songs go, she has a great body.
I mean they sound great together, don’t get why they couldn’t just reach out and collab 🤷🏻
Listen to Love Like Blood by a band called Killing Joke and you will find that Motley Crue ripped them off on Dr. Feelgood. First time I heard Dr. Feelgood on the Radio I thought wow, they’re playing an underground British band on a U.S. station? Nope, just a dead rip-off of Killing Jokes “Love Like Blood”
This kinda "Pop" music makes me want to put my head in the oven and turn the gas on... but your analysis is fun despite this, go figure.
OMG!! THE HORROR OF IT ALL!!
Daniel James credited? Is that the HybridTwo guy? I learned a TON from him on Twitch and YouTube!
why do this singers all sound the same. they sound like the one who sang for the klaus cartoon.
I have serious doubts that Perry wrote or copied anything on her albums.
From a legal and moral standpoint I think "Never Really Over" sent the wrong message... that if you are both powerful and popular, you can do anything
What I dont get about pop is the hyper happy music but terribly miserable lyrics about torturous people and relationships
Too late for me Rick but I enjoy your commentary so much.  I would love to have such in-depth knowledge of music.  I know that one could not even dream to have such an in-depth knowledge but, please, keep up the good work and keep making these out of blue comments that knock one socks off.  Great stuff, thank you
I can't listen to this kind of music. No natural sounds whatsoever.
This music is not my cup of tea, but I think they sounded best when you overlaid the two tracks and played them together  😎
God damn that was an awesome comparison. I really liked the left speaker right speaker comparison part.  I always have trouble with songs just turning into unrecognizable garbled non-music noise when songs are compared by playing clips on top of each other.
Wow you are amazing and I so agree with you
This is no different from Google ripping off Apple’s iPhone.
You've went insane lol. I just don't get it. different strokes I guess. I just can't find anything I find appealing about this kind of music. Katie is a good singer, I just can't do the bubblegum stuff I guess.
I really liked it when you overlaid them; it was really busy, but in a complimentary way. Would be cool if someone has done a properly mixed mash-up of that somewhere.
Does this mean that the well has run dry?
'Copied' is an overreach.  If you judge that way a lot of the best music, by led zeppelin, for example, would not exist even though the original songs were largely ignored.  It's hubris to thing any musican is not influenced and building on exposure of other songs.
Madonna’s lyrics are nothing to brag about.  Same with Steve Miller.  Good music with lousy lyrics have been with us for a looooong time.
I like your profound critique beside the question of feelings, looking to the music, the rythm, the mixing of the music and of course also the written song the text. Good critics maybe a little bit to friendly but fair. sorry for my english. I am out of training.
Not the first time Katy Perry has 'been inspired' by other artists
Still prefer The Who version ;)
wow!
both songs are kind of blah
Takes 9 people to cover up a copy of a song, because that’s what it takes for lack of originality these days. At least they paid credit to the original.
9 writers and still utter rubbish
Katy who?
Nah - hate it. Sorry.
I think I like the original song better
They sound like the same exact song.
This isn't the first time she or her team has done this, Dark Horse vs Joyful Noise by Flame, ongoing court battle. Not a surprise.
You shouldn't waste your time critiquing this.  It diminishes your other works.
Sorry, but I don't think Katy Perry's ever written a song of her own, or at least, not after she got super-famous. I think Max Martin and like two other guys write all the pop songs on earth.
My question is why so many writers? Nine writers?
This 'copying' goes right back to before the blues and is an intrinsic part of blues based music. Pop has now become such a limited genre that they are doing it now too, but they lack the virtuosity and imagination of the past to stamp themselves on the form. I work in an environment where modern pop is on all day at high volume, it just feels like slickly produced mash-ups and copy, very soulless and no performer is identifiable by their performance. By necessity now it is all image and marketing. OK Boomer (I'm not a boomer though).
The music was copied for sure but many musicians took old music and added different lyrics aka Bob Dylan's folk songs based on older ballads. I have always been a bit liberal on copyrights to note /chord progressions.
Meanwhile, George Harrison was sued for his song, "my sweet lord" because it kinda (not really) sounded like the Chiffon's song, "He's so fine." I don't like when comedians steal others' material, but stealing music? That, is a crime.
Music is not for lawyers...
Isn't that chord combo/progession at 10:14 the exact same as The Who 'Teenage  Wastelend'?
"Can't even go on the internet without checking your name"! BWAH HA!!!!
all pop songs are just a polished turds
Art of Noise Moment in love is curiously close to her track Black Horse or Dark horse, whatever it’s called.
7:40 tbh it doesnt really sound good. not sure if its just katy parry's obnoxious sounding voice or the rushed vocals but it just does not work.
Both of these songs sound like generic garbage. Will anyone be listening to either of these tunes in 20 years? However, the analysis was amazing.
I like the harmonies - one step (or half steps) apart.  Niel Sedeka did that on the first parts of each verse on 'Breaking Up Is Hard To Do.'
Damn I really liked the stereo version with the two songs lol
I love all your videos Rick thank you for sharing your knowledge,thank you
So, this is another case of Katy Perry’s song Roar copying Sara Barreiles’ Brave.
wide awake basically copied boulevard of broken dreams too.. lol well not with the singing melody...
A lot of pop songs in the 1960's were just recycled hits, this was before musisians started getting lawyers working for them. Its also why musicians started to get lawyers working for them.
At 10.30 I got You Aint Seen Nothing Yet instead of The Who
Isn't it taken as read by now that Katy Perry rips off all her songs or at least the "hits" from somebody else?  see Roar Vs Brave etc etc.
It's amazing how many artists are too dumb to cover their tracks. Like Robin Thicke and Pharrell with Blurred Lines.  Despite not actually copy the the original Marvin Gaye song, (which I still believed they got robbed on that but they were so dumb in admitting they were inspired by it), they still lost the case. They idiotically kept it in the same key and tempo.
The song recall to me to Bitch by Meredith Brooks, the progression at least
I have zero clue why this video was suggested to me, because nothing I have viewed recently is even close, but I'm glad I watched it! I'm sure Rick will never see this comment, but I would kill or die to see a similar commentary on "I Love You Always Forever" by Donna Lewis, one of my all-time favorite guilty pleasure songs.
Yeah, but to be honest I'm just sitting here eating peanuts in the shell and being distracted by array of LPs in the background.
i spend my time listening to good music instead
I was so surprised to learn that many of Elvis Prestley greatest music was based on some old tunes and classical music. Now I realize that most of the music we hear today have been 'inspired' by another artist. I just wish people to be honest about it instead of claiming it is their own creation.
Both songs are a rip off of Savage Garden "I want you".
I would imagine it has 9 writers because they were going to get sued by the other artist and they worked out a deal. Similar to Vanilla Ice and Queen......I just about lost my mind when I found Ice actually owns the publishing rights to 'Under Pressure' but Queen and Bowie got songwriting credits for 'Ice Ice Baby'
You should do one of these on Dua Lipa stealing the music in her song Levitating from a reggae band. I saw a guy put both songs in Pro Tools like you did and it's crazy that they're so much alike. She totally ripped it off.
I remember learning all the poor African-American songs that inspired so much of Led Zepellin's songs were never acknowledged by the supergroup.  I was studying "When the Levee Breaks" by Led Zeppelin because of the unique state of mind and emotion I felt, the players, the interesting odd mic pickup of the drum echo (a random guitar effects box sitting on the stairs) the lyrics, and the dark infinite shame that the main character begrudgingly told his woman that "I can't take you with me."  I was mentally in the cold mud experiencing the hopelessness that gave me tingles when that lyric hit me.   "This is genius!"  Like the feeling of quality and completeness of Samuel Barber's Adagio for Strings, like watching Stevie Ray Vaughn's band play "Voo-Doo Child" more properly than Jimmy Hendrix. When the Levee Breaks was a perfect recording.   And in my research, I found a recording that pre-dates all while I was watching YouTube.   I'm still broken-hearted.
God help the super-rich and famous people to let the little people get some credit.
Perry is pretty full of herself, my sister catered one of her concerts and backstage her people informed everyone that no one was to look her in the eyes..she probably thinks she can do whatever she wants,hope she gets sued.
Sounds like Perry & crew decided to settle the inevitable lawsuit before it ever happened.
That hook could end with "Hey Macarena"
Now do Nickelback's This Is How You Remind Me and Someday
Such a terrible song to begin with. Even the original sounds like a dozen others released over the last 20 years. Having 15 writers per track is nothing but forced profit sharing and a way for people like Taylor Swift to claim they write they’re own songs.
That's a pretty blatant rip-off.   But then, I'm stiil trying to figure why the Hollies agreed to give John Fogerty 50% of "Long Cool Woman" because he claimed it was a rip-off of "Green River." I've played both of those songs in cover bands, and I still don't get it.
They obviously completely cogged(or at minimum used it as a base...) the Dagny song but as long as Dagny(& co) were paid, I don't really see the problem 🤷🤷
It's fine for every other band. Dani California by RHCP rips off about four separate songs to make something less good than any of them.
To the point Rick. And certainly not the only example... A similar 'issue' can be found with 'War on Drugs - Under the pressure' and 'Roxy Music - More than this'  After a small rhythmic correction, you can copy and past different parts from each song and it's like you listen to the same song. What bothers me is that young people go crazy for the band War on drugs like : 'Woow...Have you heard that brand new sound???' While they have no clue about the masterpiece Roxy Music at all...
:) wow... well analyzed!!
Have you ever investigated how evil and corrupt the music industry is??
Recently a young relative of mine tried to engage me in a conversation about who I thought were some of the better current musical acts. I explained to him honestly that I did not know much about the current music scene. He appeared to be very surprised. I didn't want to insult him, but I explained to him that many of the songs today sound very much the same to me. I really have to play him this video to prove my point.  I am basically of the same musical generation as you Mr. Beato. I asked my relative where is your generations "Dark Side Of The Moon" or "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band," or "Blood On The Tracks" or "Who's Next"? He really had no response.
Led Zeppelin "Stairway to Heaven"  rip off of  Spirit "Taurus"
Saw the title and thought it was going to be “I kissed a girl”!   She “was inspired” to steel that song also!
both songs playing at the same time is better than the two seperate
It took nine people to steal a song from someone else. Boy, not even good talent as thieves.
The problem with a majority of Pop songs is the commodification of originality. 9 writers most of whom don't play on the song? Maybe in a musical? Not even.
I'm guessing it was the first - I can't tell you the number of times I have a great riff or song idea and when I get it "down on paper" I'm like "well crap... I just re-wrote a Clapton song.  Only its worse."
the song is actually better when you play them both at the same time
Actually I'm feeling pretty depressed today, listening to that just manifested the despair
Why am I hearing Sweet Jane too
Will this music lift me up and fill me with fire when I'm down? Will it caress and ease a broken heart? It's synthetic nonsense no matter how academic you get about it. The simple question is, does it or does it not please you? For me the answer is a categoric NO!
So you think Katy Perry did this all by lonesome
That was a dope split mix. I would actually like to have that as a recording
I agree. I  don't see how thats allowed.  That seems illegal to me. It's not as good as the original.
Busted!!!!!
why are you listening to shite
Rick, c’mon. Breaking this down was not worth it.  Please, stick with videos of better music.
It now takes nine people to write shitty songs.
This is a p*ss take, right?
🤮
I thought this was called "doing a cover"...
wow nine "writers" to rip off someone elses song. modern music sux massive balls
This was the longest I have ever listened to any pop song ever! But the breakdown of the song in detail is what made it interesting to listen to.  But,, I still can't even listen to a pop song without even throwing up!  😄 👍
Let’s remember: We creators, we artists, we sufferers, can always write another song. We can always create. We must. We can’t not create honest art. Because it keeps us alive.   Con artists like Katy perry and all her ilk, they will never be able to actually create real art. They are thieves. They are business men. They are blank. And blind. And truncated. And desperate.  And really sad.   ROCK AND ROLL WILL NEVER DIE.
Honestly Max Martin (the Swedish guy who failed as an 80s hair metal wannabe but decided to copy Abba and put out a succession of “stars” starting in the late 90s — almost all of them very young women when Martin and his protégés — see the Kesha disaster — locked them into restrictive contracts plus alleged other nasty activities) s to blame for this horrible decline in creativity in pop music writing standards — people think Katy, Taylor, Britney, Kelly Clarkson, etc were/are “writing their own music” when Martin was/is writing everything and hiding behind his fake name and producing team with one spot reserved for the “star” (The guy who allegedly abused Kesha is one of Martin’s protégés). Martin uses the same structure again and again and again — like a nightmare looking-glass version of a song writer with real talent who is good enough to perform his own material plus give a few away (see Paul McCartney or Prince). But Martin never ever does interviews and hides behinds lawyers and his newest “star” who he usually dumps after a few hits.
It makes me remember a song from the 90s, sang also by a woman but I can't remember the singer's name nor the title of that song.
Artists don’t really have a say in beats used, it’s all done for them via their management and label. It’s just how it works. As a producer there’s nothing stopping me taking the chords of a popular song and changing the instruments and using the same melodies
Wow, way to make way too much of just a similar synth bass line. Move along. Now do Motown or 20 other styles where artists inspire each other.
It's all recycled trash nowadays, movies too.
I once wrote a ballade, inspired by the Beatles. I called it „Yesterday“.
Hey macarena!
y
Honestly - I'd be embarrassed to admit that I even know of these 2 tunes; Rick: You're better than that
I suspect there are no "one note melodies" before modern pop times. Please prove me wrong. I can only imagine a symphonic pickup.
I wish my laptop speakers could reproduce what Rick is enthusiastic about. :\
Is it me or does it sound better when both songs are overlapped??
Starbucks. 😄 Katy Perry. 😆
Great pop song. A snack before the good stuff? Tastefully so.
If it had been Like A Virgin there would be a court case.  😯 🤫 but like a version....... yeah, I agree, it was a straight rip off.
Check out the song "I Really Like You" by Anja Kotar. Also sounds very similar.
Which robot demonetized you?
Rick I think you're too nice sometimes... 9 people to write this turd that no one will remember in a few months/years.
C O P Y Straight
Getting a guaranteed 11% of a hit song from the get-go is probably a better deal than suing a big star with deep pockets, spending money on lawyers, and MAYBE getting 33%.
It’s incredibly far fetched to just casually state that the Katy Perry version in so clearly better. I find it overly busy and irritating
DON'T get me started on Bruno Mars ripping off The Police note for NOTE!
Sara Bareilles’ Brave > Katy Perry’s Roar
I really enjoy the way you break things down nick.
I found as I was listening to both tracks that my body was doing the exact same motion:  My left heel was hitting the ground on one, while simultaneously my right hand was pointing upward and hitting its pinnacle on one, in a percussive manner while going in a clockwise motion.  I'm not a dancer, but that was a really basic (and primal) dance.  I can't speak for A flat, specifically, but the conglomerate rhythm has something to it.  Definitely a copy, but I would agree possibly an improvement.
They actually sound really cool together.
Both songs are chaotic and Unlistenable deserving no further analysis
It's such a boring monotonal song... It's like someone making a drink out of chalk and comparing it to a drink made out of sand: at the end of the day they're both just equal crap. If you steal something of no value, is it really stealing?
It's funny...I still don't connect or really like music that was intended and produced for the teenage girl market which is apparently driving the industry.   So Rick, when you say some of these are 'good' songs I'm just putting that in context of other songs written for teenagers and children and not necessarily a good song by adult standards.
Happened to someone i know years ago, sends his demos out and next thing there's a soundalike in the Italian charts and Bananarama took a title and hook.
Just realised! these chord progressions are very close to 'teenage wasteland' by the who! :D
I wrote a song which I called "Space Oddity" and would you believe someone actually made the same song about fifty years ago. Cosmic coincidence is Bowie legged.
Techno music sucks.
I prefer both songs together!!
➡️ Definite similarities to the chorus of Taylor Swift’s “Out of The Woods”, as well … And the intro like The Who’s “Baba O’Riley” …
I can't stand electro pop...so artificial sounding. Horrible.
9 songwriters, and not one of them earning a dollar's worth of songwriting?
@Rickbeato dude watching your videos is always a welcome refresher to my theory lessons!  It’s great that I can make sense of everything you say, to this point anyway!  Of all of your media what would you recommend for me ( you or anyone familiar with Ricks library ) that will help me carve out better original demos?  You have stuff for sale, I haven’t located the source to look through it all yet.
Such lack of imagination...sickening.
Very Informative Post Meaningful Analysis
This is like eating at McDonald's. It tastes good and is okay once in a while,  but you can't live on it. Everyone, please encourage your kids to expand their musical diet.  Beethoven is filet mignon.
One track say "get off me get off me" then the other goes "I love you like that. I love you like that." Around 3:55 I think Calliope is desperately trying to "signal" that she is being "forcefully penetrated"  by all that hocus pocus going down in Lala Land. By hocus pocus I mean casual yet credible death threats.
Both tunes suck. It's what's wrong with popular music.  One song by multiple "artists."
Listen to Katy perry "I kissed a girl", then listen to Gary Glitter's " Rock n Roll".  I'll wait...
Katy Perry skirts copyright infringement by including Dagny as a co-writer. To me, Dagny probably needs the scratch to live and knew that if Katy Perry gave her at least some credit, she would see a paycheck… such is the music industry
The theme from "Chariots of Fire" is "On Top of Old Smokey". 😀
Happy you like it. I don't listen to much 'Pop Music' these Days. However: the song 'Love Again' by Dua Lipa found it's way into my YouTube feed. If you get a chance see what you think and why do I like the sound of it.
aweosme  video !
I'd love for you to analyze Everywhere by Michelle Branch. A great pop song with great early 2000's production!
Songs by committee.
Katie should have Sued,   Dagny for making a song just like hers???
How many co-writers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
ethics, Rick?  Aren't these producers and "songwriters" the Fareed Zakarias of pop music?
I like it a lot better when you review metal. I suspect that you do too.
Your music room is really cool!
Ive noticed this about a lot of songs out now.
Sorry Rick, but these songs blow.
If it’s not nailed down Katy will steal it. “ I Kissed A Girl “ was the first red flag.
Check the Who ... Yes ;)!
I was even just about to comment that the one part sounded like Baba O'Reilly, and Beato even said it and played a clip from The Who.  ;-)   Yeah, those lyrics suck hard.  lol
This is what happens when someone with your ear, talent and years of experience actually realises that one tune sounds like another.  For mere mortals like me, I , I spend a week grumbling 'What IS that?' until it bugs me so much that I'm pestering strangers in shops, playing the one tune on my phone and feverishly interrogating people with 'You MUST know what it is! Somebody HAS to know! Aaaaaaaagghhh!'
I say "Naughty!" Katie. (and the other eight 'writers') How come she has not been villified like George Harrison was after the My Sweet Lord/He's So Fine debacle at least both of those songs stood up on their own.  This one doesn't do that! Odd times we live in for sure.
I find it a little disappointing when a top star singer has to use something so incredibly NON authentic to themselves unless it is a agree remake of the song and admitted to.
God this is so sad…. 9 people to write a song?  Reminds me of that joke-  How many people does it take to change a lightbulb?
KP is a satanic tool. That will all be exposed later on.
I don't understand. Why do you say the Katy Perry song is a great song AND also expose it as blatantly copied? I notice you often play things that are hollow, derivative tunes with very basic melodies and chord progressions, and you explain what you mean, and I think, okay, yes. But then you ALSO say that's great! Or that's an interesting idea. Something like that. And I don't mean on a rare occasion; this happens a lot when you are exposing songs that are simplistic and mindless. You also laud them somehow. Very counfounding.
Sounds pretty standard for today's 'pop fare' nothing original here, boring
Doesn't it seem to copy elements from Taylor Swift's  Me?
Music composition by corporate committee.
If the original artist is given credit, is it a “rip off?”
Video title should have been, "What Makes this Song a Great Copy?"
Hi Rick, love your videos. Can you disect My Sweet Lord vs He's So Fine? I think this would be very interesting!
Thieves don’t pinch stuff these days, they “inspired “ other peoples possessions.
THIEF 💪💥
Everybody copies.  As Todd Rungren says,  music has a limited pallet.   Even the coveted Stairway to Heaven is a blatant rip off.  Also,  listen to the riff of Sweet Home Alabama.   That songs riff rips Stairway to Heaven off.  That's a few of the thousands of copies.  LOL  The most copied riff or ryhtm is the one from Baba o Reilly.   Which of course rips Alice Cooper off.
Blues Traveler's Hook is based on the progression of Canon in D by Johann Pachelbel. The next time you hear the Canon sing Hook over the top, it works perfectly.
The Dagny song is better..
It all sounds like computer music. IMO Boring and Sad!
Why didn't she copy a Led Zeppelin song instead? If you're gonna steal, you might as well break into the appartment that's got the right stuff.
Why is it that the more people there are on a songwriting credit, the less the song sounds like it needed more than a kindergartener to write it?
sad.. but the copy cat is a "super star"...
Whoa Whoa Whoa  Rick.  Love ya man, but Led Zepplin didn't steal Stairway from Spirit??????  Dude.
He seems to be all about the song, but it just sounds like pop garbage to me: near-monotone un-backed vocals over simplistic to nonexistent harmonies, without and depth of sound from any distortion or layering of e.g. guitars.
I imagine that Dagny is complaining much less than many commenters here. :-)  Great pop song. Loves it.
Man, you have a great ear and you take it to pieces like nobody else! 👍
Katy didn't copy anything.
New music today.......SUCKS!
I just feel , Production and modern Arrangement ideas (the Drop etc) , and the sounds create what ive already heard. Same could be said for all the songs with guitar and vocals only.. But its music first. Dont get me wrong, I use modern equipment, Samples etc, But dont follow or try to sound what is fashionable. I always as Production to music. Never the other way around. Just my thoughts,.. Because this song just proves it.. Great Track, Great production, But ive heard it all before.
Well produced and inspired by The Eagles, Led Zeppelin will survive in court?
The biggest ripoff is "Why Don't You Get a Job" by the Beatles, oops, I mean the Offspring.
killer mix
would probably listen to Dagny over Katy TBH
Tom Waits' Barbershop, from Foreign Affairs is lifted from a song about 100 years old. I found it old sheet music. No illustrated cover. Lyrics are different, but it's the same music, and both are about barbershops.
Soulless, joyless, formulaic in extremis, without charm or texture, without human feeling: this is music by and for robots.    Move along, people, there's nothing to see here.  Or hear.
See.  Rick doesn't hate ALL pop music.  Even if it WAS copied from someone else.   But I honestly don't care for this song as much as Rick.   All of today's pop female vocalists sound the same to me today.  Very high pitched and similar.  I almost can't tell one from the other.  Sorry.
9 ‘writers’ and that’s the best they can do?
Shameless brit
Ab has long been considered a great key for sub frequencies.  EDM producers have believed that for a long time. To me it's all the percs that make the song fun..and the song aint exactly narrow sounding.
That's hilarious.
Wow, watch how a Les Paul magically vanishes from the rack at 9:10!  :-)
You know, there really is something beautiful about the lyrics of Dagny's song that Katy Perry and team couldn't replicate to my ear. It's this idea that Dagny is admitting that she doesn't know how to communicate how much she loves her partner, but she's trying so hard to do so in her song is brilliant. Katy Perry's "Never Really Over" on the other hand is so much more literal in expressing her feelings that the lyrics come off nearly as authentically, especially since much more of the energy of the song is devoted to showcasing Perry's vocal talents. I think that's the extra something that to me makes "Love You Like That" feel like a nearly perfect pop song.
I hope they pay Dagny at least 60% of the royalty.
It took 9 writers to copy a song
They both suck...
You may not have noticed that part of that song is also a ripoff of Baba O’Riley by The Who.
This song is nauseating and cant believe 9 people found it befitting to copy it and try and make it their own.
Yeah, nine writers and probably twenty lawyers.
I think this is a non subject ALL songs have to copy in some way. Is what it is
As they say in SA, no man!!!! Out of respect I went to the end, but after 3 minutes I wanted to throw my phone at the Wal!!!!!
e would think that with 9 writers, it would have been a better product...
Can I sing "teenage wasteland" with that? Near the end Rick confirmed my thoughts.
😂 9 people to write this song, but only 1 for the bohemian rhapsody 😂 but it is a nice song
9 writers? Is that all? Last I heard, Uptown Funk is up to 10, with more being added on a daily basis.  Also, at 10:25 I was thinking (before you said it) “that sounds like Baba O’Riley by The Who.”
... Well, you put the two songs together, and made it sound better! LOL!!!
I like the Dagny version!
I believe in the adage of too many cooks spoil the soup, way too many cooks in this particular soup.
what about the Eagles stealing from Jethro Tull's WE USED TO KNOW on the STAND UP album  The Hotel California sounds like
Women don’t actually technically have falsettos
Real music’s dead on the radio.
If you like comparing songs that may or may not be copies of others you would have a field day with lady gaga.
Great rip!
It is garbage.  No idea why you think it is good.  Makes my head hurt.
There are thousands upon thousands of songs I would not be able to distinguish from these two.
she probably just bought it
Both songs are pure shite. They've got that in common.
To my ears, it seems the same person singing both songs… singing?   Nope, screaming…
*Try this.* Play a couple seconds of Horace Silver's "Song For My Father" for your rock and roll friends, and bet them $20 that they can't name the song. _Then just sit back and watch the money roll in!_
This is the kind of innocent mistake that could happen to anyone. I did the same thing with single, _I Want to Hold Your Foot._
Hey, I just wrote some lyrics! Please put these in the chorus: I'm Slim Shady / Yes, I'm the real Shady / All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating / So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up? / Please stand up? / Please stand up?...   Thank you for your attention to this most urgent matter.
I appreciate that you seem to be giving this “music” a chance but I got to say this “music” just makes me wanna burn things.
Great song! Still, in this area I prefer Donna Lewis - I Love You Always Forever. More room for emotions, a much more subtle vocal play. (Sorry, Kate!)
Pop music sucks, A screech owl sounds better
Every song sung by young women sounds like that now.
I'm sorry, but I had to remove my like because of that awful pun.
Why don't they just say they are doing a cover of a song. Clapton and others if his stature often did so why claim to have written a blatantly ripped off song?
They're two halves of the same song. They should just combine them into a new version that's a duet. What a missed opportunity if that never happened.
I mourn the loss of the music of the 60’s and 70’s. It made me create a quote:  “Every generation thinks it’s music was the best. Turns out that ours actually was…”
Sigh. I am guilty of dismissing the music of the last 15 years as being just electronic crap for unimaginative people. Although some tunes are catchy and you can’t help but bop along, I feel as though people are no longer using musical instruments. Natural voices are completely processed and altered. Mistakes are edited out. It all sounds like it came out of a computer. When I hear this stuff, I just feel as though we are having a cultural Dark Age again. If you can show me where I’m wrong, I would welcome that.
It takes 9 writers to write a song with a one note melody?  But, worse than that, how many times did I have to listen to that same unintelligible one note rhythm display?  Can you imagine spending the rest of your life waking up to that voice?  (The horror... the horror...)
There is NO original music these days. It's either a remake or just stealing ideas from others!!!!!! And most of the lyrics are useless and thoughtless!!!!
Both songs have the dynamic range of a possum that didn't manage to cross the interstate...
Katy's vocal counterpoint harmony is sublime.
In my opinion Katies only redeeming feature is shes a massive Queen fan.... unfortunately   there is footage here  of her singing Queen songs....... mmmmm ???
the melody is what counts,
It’s as inspired as  “Ice Ice Baby”. was to “Pressure”
I disagree with most of what you are saying but I supposed it pays your  bills
I disagree with most of what you are saying but I supposed it pays your  bills
It all sounds like mush white noise to me .😵😤🥱
When you think about it there's nothing really new in music ,think old country
Rick, Rick, Ricky...what the HELL are you doing listening to that garbage?
And I used to think you had good musical taste.
So is it the song or the production? Can you REALLY make a silk purse out of a sow's ear? Or is a song these days more like an automobile - the PRODUCT of a team of specialists collaborating to perfect a highly polished but ultimately vapid consumer item? What about "Hallelujah"? covered a million times! Who cares about the effing snare drum?!?
Arent most of these pop songs stolen? They knew it would be a hit so they spread out the credits so all their buddies get a piece of the $ - except the real writer(s).
What? You mean that Katy Perry is a hack? I'm shocked! Shocked I tell you!
Doesn’t matter who sings it. It is machine work. There is no humanity to the song.  It’s not Beethoven at his piano, not Lennon strumming a guitar. It’s created by a computer. Lifeless.
It would be amazing to cut the two songs together.  Listening to them playing together was bad ass.
I like the Dagne song better. I haven’t liked a Katy Perry song since 2008.
There's just something whiney about these singers and songs.  Just awful.  Can't listen to it.  Garbage.
@10:26 geez...that's all I can think about the entire video...glad you finally said it lol
There was a death metal producer, upon hearing Katie, complete changed direction
Where are the young Billy Steinbergs and Tom Kelly's? The young Carole Kings and Joni Mitchels?  Neil Finns and David Bowis? etc   Where are the young songwriters in their early 20s with ideas   Today's music is pathetic
Guess you won't be doing Lunch with Katie Perry...maybe Joni Mitchell again so Win Win.
Sorry, but I hear "Teenage Wastelaaaaannnnd"
Really enjoying your expert musical viewpoint. Recommended this channel to a friend as well. Continued success to you, Rick. : )
The scenario has me watching this video. I didn't know about either song prior. Want a potentially interesting rabbit hole to read about? Clustering, explained by Game Theory. Hotelling's Location Model and variation Salop's Circle Model explain mathematically how something like this is great for both parties in the face of competition for listeners or I suppose streams. Think Lowe's across from Home Depot, CVS across from Walgreens, Every car dealer next to another, McDonalds across from Wendy's. Far from being bothered by it, both entities experience INCREASED business when this occurs over being geographically distant. A Nash equilibrium is achieved by both songs competing closely for listeners, but my presence listening to both has now increased the customer base. It would take a grad level paper to explain this, as I haven't found anything to explain the increase in audience from this type of Beato video which profiles the scenario. Some reader of this comment will likely know a lot more than I do. Any way you slice it, this similarity is probably a GOOD thing for all involved.
I like pop music that sounds great but also has lyrics worth listening to, that say something other than “i love you, i miss you, you’re sexy, etc”.  Those songs do exist, though they are very rare. This is not one of them. I prefer “Roar,” though that is a ripoff (not note for note but in spirit, tone, subject) of the excellent song “Brave” by Sarah Bareilles. 7 of those 9 songwriters are probably just lawyers.
LMAO
It sounds like macaraina
GREAT commentary from one pop junkie (if it's ok to say that!) to another! Katy P also did a video cover of a song by two friends of mine, The Troys. They were signed to Elektra and had done an MTV video of one of their originals, "What do you do" in 2003. Not long afterwards, KP did a copy of the tune, retitled "Broken", along with a video. The visuals in KP's video are even similar to the original.
“Does it really need nine writers? Well apparently it does.”😂 Okay, Mr. Beato, you have a new subscriber.
Just found your channel, don't they all do that now? Big energy Mariah Carey's fantasy
I actually really like them together better than the individual songs. It is much more interesting with all of the parts together. Whoa!
Seems autotuned.
Rick,  I think you should “investigate “ the similarities between Rihanna Umbrella and the Eagles Hotel California.  I was amazed when it was pointed out during a recent BBC Radio programme.  Seriously have a listen.
I've always referred to the prodigal years of Classic Rock, 80's New Wave, Hard Rock and Heavy Metal as the *Renaissance Era* of Rock. Now days and generally speaking,  it really seems as "You hear one, you've heard 'em all!"
She copies all her songs
We should have a new name for this stuff that can't be rendered by one voice with one instrument; stuff that requires a studio or multi-track technology to produce. That's why there are 9 writers... They didn't write a song, they wrote a record.
Well, you were around in the Led Zeppelin era, and they weren't the only ones, but copying songs is a time honored rock tradition. I would have never picked up on this one because I don't listen to contemporary pop music. There are very few exceptions. I do like Adele and maybe a little Bruno Mars, but that's about it.
Nine people 'wrote' that. Nine. Just imagine what a steaming pile of horse crap they could have made with more people. Unreal.
*an
I really enjoy the analysis.  I hope that Dagny was compensated.
At least Katy is not trying to hide the writing pool like TAYLOR SWIFT does -
Kinda the " Ice ice baby ":vs " Under pressure" thing .  Two totally different songs 🙄❗
If it's all ya have to do
as many songs that has been written, you can always find one that sounds like another
Popular music is in a dire state when one shitty artist has to copy another shitty artist slightly older song that none of them wrote.
pretty sure they're not triplets, but would be better-described (the 'oom-pah' does it for me) through a change in metre to 3/4...anyway, it's one of the most ghastly things I've ever had to endure, this...lol
You are hilarious Rick. Everyone loves pop music of some sort, its upbeat dizzy head ding dong spinning round fall down fun.(yes that line is copywrit by me) But its not Pink Floyd, its not meant to be. I enjoy your breakdowns.
You mentioned Baba O Reily. Have you ever done a video on that keyboard intro?
10:01 One Note Samba
It doesn't sound exactly the same to me
Sorry, but i find it nasty, greedy and disrespectful.  I don't know Perry and don't care about this music, and after that steeling, this is the honest word for it, I won't even listen to her.
Pop is "pop" for a reason.
Katy's harmony part is pretty dope though...
A couple of thoughts- I can see Rick on the dancing floor grooving to Katy Perry's version after he testified as a Forensic Musicologist on her inspirations:) On a more serious note, I wonder if the intent to split the credit nine ways was to really rip off Dagny of her fair share, and there's no actual record that proves that all  nine really contributed. If so, then there could be a possible fraud case. Rick, I'd love to see you make something similar on Stairway to Heaven. Do you have enough b@lls? Anyway, Rick you  rock! I love you, man. I'll see you in NYC for your live gig in March.
Rick—Yer a national treasure!
Heck  not neck!
Rick, You don't have to apologize for liking pop music. Neck Paul McCartney is arguably The Greatest Musician of our time and he says: "Some people want to fill the world with Silly Love Songs. What's wrong with that?
Katy perry shouldn’t be considered a musician. She’s horrible. And she is very repulsive person. She should be banned from “creating’(RE:stealing) music.period
9 people and the song still sucks
All the new songs sound the same
I guesss if Beethoven were alive today he'd have to share composer credits with a dozen other people if he wanted the public to hear his muisic...
Sounds like Dagny should have Zedd as a producer, she would probably be well known.
So it took nine writers to write a song that had already been written?  The two stupid lines in the song you mentioned mean that you cannot call it a "great song."
It's interesting how it takes so many composers and producers to come up with such uninspired music. I think Rick is way to kind when analyzing this stuff. This music is elementary kid-stuff.
Wrll, this is the downside to most of the world having access to the internet : so many ideas are being put out in the world that it's getting harder and harder to genuinely claim an original song idea, because with creative people, this stuff gets stored in our brains and comes out in weird ways. So what's going to start happening more and more is that people will just create their own thing, and if it turns out that they subconsciously took an idea from  somebody else, they'll just work out a deal to share the credits, because creativity is part of life, so it won't stop.
Rick, I mean it’s a good song but 9 writers for one song?? Freddy Mercury wrote Hundreds of songs by himself probably etc. it was the same thing not sure if it was on this channel but there  was a comparison between a Beyoncé song and Bohemian Rhapsody. Beyoncé song had like 10 or so  writers and Freddy wrote the above mentioned song. No disrespect ever but you see why do they even say they wrote a song inspired by that person when all they do is copy the song pretty much line by line. I can do that take a chord progression copy a song with my own song lyrics. With minor variations or knowing me same chords different order to make a song sound like another song yet different.  I know this video is from 2 years or so ago.
Rick, since when is music about good production? Great production value and visual effects don't mask bad screenwriting and acting any more than good mixing and engineering mask bad lyrics and melody. I get you're a positive guy and desperately trying to look at the silver lining, but at some point, after all your brilliant objective analysis, it's ok to just admit that most modern pop music is just bad.  Madonna, Michael Jackson, George Michael, Duran Duran, Prince, Elton John, Genesis, Journey, Erasure, New Order, Depeche Mode, U2, you name it, you never say "at least they have great production value."  Face it. Most modern pop music is well produced garbage.
I appreciate your ability to appreciate what they did to produce this pop song. But it is so flat melodically, the rhythm is its only positive in my book. Inserting the WHO's song to compare it to was cute, but you could have spared us that...sorry. Still you are such a fair guy to take the time you did to evaluate it.
You're so right about those terrible lyrics.
Rick, don't waste your time talking about trash music. Most of us here just don't give a damn bout it. PS both of these songs are terrible
Wow they almost are compatible TOGETHER. I think they sound coherent when played at the same time, lol.q
It seems your trying to convince us it’s cool to rip of another artist as long as you hire a superior producer, record in a superior studio , use superior samples, and rewrite the lyrics. This is not a good look on you brother.
Great vocals right there! Awsome falsetto!!! Katy Perry is underrated!
Everything I hate about pop music. even though its perfect its Katy Perry Pap. one consolation no one will even remember it in 10 years
I dislike Katy perry even more now, if that’s even possible.
Bon Jovi's Livin On A Prayer is also a ripped off of Bananaramas "Venus"
Morden pop sound like childish chants
Sorry Katy total sell out, controlled by her contract…….. I liked her before Hollywood!
I would think that with today's tired music nothings original. All of the great songs have already been written and recorded. Today's music with all of this auto tuning just don't float my boat. It's boring and people trying to hard to be so hip and cool. It don't seem natural.
Your version of playing both tracks at the same time is probably the best version. It’s time for you to start a career in DJaying. You can say you were inspired by both and pay a sampling tribute to both, lol
So did Dagny get a cut of the millions from this ripoff ?
Our band used to practice in a huge rehearsal building w a bunch of different genre acts(100+) working on their tunes before gigs, and this band called I Mother Earth would show up after their "big" Tour and rent a space in the building. It was well known from different bands that this bunch of slimeballs would steal every riff from bands they heard in the building and then hit the Recording Studio. OUR Lead Singer would yell on the Mic and threaten the crap out of them if we heard just 1 Riff of ours. There would be Death at Hand. They didn't. lol
I just wrote a song inspired by Stairway to Heaven. Sounds nothing like it. I can’t imagine why.
Dark Horse raises it's head again. I'm always astonished that such an infinitesimal amount of good music can be written with so few--12--unique notes (tones) available🎸
For some reason i just can't stand Katy Perry's voice the sound just annoys me i always have turn off any song of hers that comes on
I'm amazed how uninspired these so-called musicians and producers are.... reminds me of the Freddie Mercury vs Beyonce meme
Tenacious D perfected the 1 note song years ago. . . . just sayin.
I keep hearing the song  'Baba O'Riley  in the background.  You know, the Who's 'Teenage Wasteland' song.
Am I snarky for pointing out that the two songs played together sound better than either one separately?  You should release this as a single.  It worked for Elton and Dua Ripa.
You should do a video about how similar We Don't Talk About Bruno is to Tim Minchin's If I Didn't Have You, from fifteen years earlier.
Your music teardowns are great
Katy Perry is a genuinely great, soulful singer. I believe that her fans really love her music and Katy as a kind of hero. I know Katy mostly from American Idol, where I see her being great and supportive toward new talent. I think she wouldn't have deliberately tried to steal some other person's song, but hell yeah she would try to sing it better than the other person did. She's Katy Perry fergawdsakes. (Secretly admires the pop music master class in this video. Nice job, Rick!)
Sadly not Katy Perry‘s first infraction. She’s quite a dark horse in the world of plagiarism .
Some thoughts:  I wish you would so descriptive of what makes a song great in your "What Makes this Song Great?" series as you are in this video.  I haven't heard either of these songs enough to say whether I like them, but sonically they both, especially the Katy Perry song, sound exactly like all the songs you complain about. They're locked to a click because there isn't a live drummer (except maybe that marching snare, which is my favorite part of the song because it sounds like a real snare), and most if not all of the instruments are programmed not performed. I can't tell with my ears, but I'd wager that a fair amount of tuning went on with the voices.  So, I guess I'm trying to pin down why you like the sound of this Katy Perry song that is way overproduced, but regularly dog on songs for being overproduced. I don't mean to say you shouldn't like this sound, but if you do, why do you complain about the state of Pop music so much if you actually think it's good the way it is?
I can't even listen to that crap. These people are all the same! Sound beat voice, all the same.
I like Dagny better.
Both garbage
I like Dagny version more
Geez...kinda like Vanilla Ice ripped off Queen?
Major contributors of the dumbing down of the American music industry
The Katy Perry one is so "produced" that frankly Perry's "voice" could be a sophisticated digital computerised instrument and you'd never know the difference. Appalling crap AFAIK, and that they nakedly STOLE it from another ought to have them in court. Hell, YOU get hit all the time by idiot execs just for playing snippets of songs where you're explaining and praising the artistry. Meanwhile Perry gets away with it on the crude if accurate calculation she'll get far more $$ and exposure with it than Dagny, so Dagny accepts what I'd have thought would otherwise be frankly infuriating and humiliating. Mind you there's also the discussion to be had about just how original Dagny's is, but that's another topic.
Listen to melody of part of song with marching snare, and listen to melody of my song Stevilka 3 and compare pls
I mean really the thing that makes it stand out is Dagney and KP copied the triplet flow bone thugz and migos are famous for, just applied it to female pop/edm vocals which they probably arent the first to do.
1. They cut a deal. Nobody made them cut the deal. 2. You don't have to like it. 3. Rick you can have your say about how you feel about it, and you are having that say, and that's fine.
Katie Perry is a thief 😵
Hello Rick, my name is Richard, I really resonated with your commentary and now realize why some songs are so emotional to my autistic spectrum, it's the keys they use and then bring in the drama, and create an emotional empathy with the story of the song.
New music sucks.They have very little originality and steal and sample from other songs.
Badlook is coming out with a new album soon, I heard some and it's it, you're gonna freak out Mr B. Cheers
Could you make another video like this, but Nickleback songs.
Good lord😂 9!?!
I love the way you talk about and analyse the fine detail in songs, I speak in a similar way to some of my musical friends trying to get them to appreciate how well produced some songs are across a whole range of genres and they often have no idea what I’m going on about haha 🙄🎵🎶😂
Did The Who get a writing credit with the other nine people?
Ice ice baby.
I really dig your remix the most. :D
The real "hook" in the song is the staccato portion - which is a ripoff of Savage Garden's Cherry Cola (which actually progressed the way a song should with a quality refrain rather than a girl whining at a different tempo at the start or having a superfluous military-drum build-up as an insert. Savage Garden did this in '96 and it's actually coherent pop song.
She also ripped off the Christian rapper Flame's song.
Frankly, regardless of who wrote it, the song, the vocals, and the background riffs are all very annoying.
They're awfully similar and similarly awful.
After that I just unsubstantiated
I find that a lot of comedians rip each other's personas, and I notice it right away, even if they're acting in some show/sitcom.
It has 0 writers to avoid being sued! Lol
Sounded better mashed up😁
Ab ? this is really shocking. I though all dance tunes were the same riff written in B minor.
Yeah Right. Didn't John Fogerty get sued by his record label for writing "Walk through the Jungle" Because it sounded too much like a John Fogerty riff , "Old man Down the Road"
Talent borrows, genius steals.
What, no lawsuit?
Songwriting by Committee. YECH.
The intro's chords and rhythm has a little bit of The Who's "Baba O' Riley" too! :D
They should’ve just redone the original, now they just look like a bunch of rip-off’s
Copy or Cover?
Who is Dagny??? I mean the fact that this Dagny person who I never heard of and Katy Perry copied each other.......I mean is this really the burning question of our time??......seriously!!!!!.........lol
Is it unkind to suggest that the Dagny track is itself a clichéd mashup of stale dance-pop tropes with nary an original moment to be found?  What does it even mean to copy a piece of music that is itself just a collage of other collages?  Methinks we've lost the thread!
When you play them side by side (left/right), they almost sound like they are sung in a round. They sound like one complete song if you play them together. They’re cool songs to listen to apart. It’s sad that Dagny’s track got ripped off. At least they got credit, I guess?
Side note. The pop stars today get mixed to sound so powerful with reverb and bass enhancment. And they don't pull it off. Its fake sounding. Fake serious sounding. And they are not believable.  Wish they would use more dry mix. And stop the huge reverbed rising delay synths. Its so bubble gum. Sounds like a potato chip commercial or a disney commercial
What makes this song a ripoff?
Why all the fuss over the Perry song?  A rip off painted by numbers in a Lab somewhere.  Let’s hear the original with more humanity
Huli pero di kulong.
"It's like the who"  ... How can I be the man if you're the man Rick?
All it confirms for me is these hit factories are completely void of talent. Stop saying they're great songs Rick. You know better. Yes they're great for today's youngsters who have never heard great music or songs. They sell and that's all that matters.
"It took 9 people to write that song"...coffee spews out my nose!! How many people did it take to write Kasmir? Not counting the MUSICIANS WHO PERFORMED IT.
Totally has the cadence of Slim Shady.
Man, I'm so glad someone with as much musical taste and ability as yourself listens to a pop song and says 'man that sounds ace' I do that ALL THE TIME but, yeah guilty pleasures...
9 writers? Probably more like 3 writers and the rest are all computer nerds.
What *I* notice is that with modern (especially female) singers you hear them take in a breath. I don't recall other generational singers breathing in so obviously.
This is why I struggle with pop music. I feel like it’s all a ripoff ha. That’s my musician pride coming out ha.
Wow...this is pretty shocking. "Like"...yeah...it's almost exactly the same!
For me, I felt a lot of similarity to Donna Lewis’ “I Love You Always Forever”.  They’re in different keys, but the vocal parts seem very similar to me.  Hell, even the lyrics are similar.    But hey, what do I know, I can’t name chords by ear like the legend Rick.
9 people to make 1 mediocre-at-best song.
Will anyone remember these songs in 10 years?
Copy or steal?
Love You Like That is better.
I have been following your videos recently and now I'm subscribed and belled and I love all your videos. Amazing insightful stuff you create and you have a beautiful energy that just makes everything warm and natural and organic. Big fan ! Regarding this episode , I wish you had actually done Dagny's song rather than the Katy's whacked version. Too many people whack other people's ideas and no matter if the stolen work is better , it's still stealing ! Just my thought :-) Love all your work and keep them coming Sir !
Songwriting credits on club bangers are like Executive Producer credits on movies, it's a way to bribe your girlfriend's dad
This isn't new to the industry, if you line up "Enter Sandman" and "Stairway to Heaven" they're practically identical too.
7:33 I used to think pop music was the most worthless form of music when I was a kid. I grew up listening to rock, metal and hip hop, all stuff I felt had real "substance". But once I started making my own music, I started really appreciating pop music for its feel more than anything. Also I find that even the worst hit songs at least have something worth hearing and learning from in them.
I wonder if this classifies more as a parody of Dagny's song because even Weird Al songs vary more than these :D
Now, speaking 9f copied songs... Does kylie minogue s Magic song sound like Chained to the rhythm by katy perry?
I find the moment with the 9 writers absolutely hilarious! In my native language (Bulgarian) we have a saying that goes along the lines of “9 grannies - a puny child” meaning “too many cooks spoil the broth”
The commercial music scene is like North Korea. Every band plays the same song and you can't escape from it.
Well, I guess the real reason I never listen to more than one song by any of today's artists is because it isn't their song!
I prefer Dagny's "love you like that" because the vocals breathe more compared to what feels robotic in "Never Really Over"
Dude. I love Clarity haha 🤘🏻
That's why it's called "writing CREDIT". You don't actually have to have done anything. It's enough that you did something else in the past that inspired a new thing, and then the people who made the new thing give you credit, so you get credits for the new thing that was based on your old thing, in return for letting them also get credit and credits for the new thing.
Oh Honey!
Going back to 1981 when I started writing songs, my very first lyric was called Traffic Love, I only had 2 verses finished when my sheet disappeared. 8 months later I heard a song with a slightly different Title go to #2 on the Canadian charts, it was super catchy and only had 2 verses so it was filled in with do do do do do do do do to complete the 3rd verse. I always wondered about it quite a coincidence right? So far no royalties, and...that was the only hit from that band.
You need to do one of these with guns n roses "sweet child o mine"  vs  australian crawl "unpublished critics"
My Sweet Lord/He's So Fine, Amy Winehouse- the entire Back to Black album vs the Holland Dozier Holland & Ashford & Simpson Motown songbook
Imagine Dragons have the same sing as well: Born to be Yours.
Many writers to write that song. How many writers was necessary  to make a copy of the same song?
nothing worth being bothered about
eh both songs suck
Gino Barletta vergognati
i really don't like Miss Perry
The main chords and rhythm bring me to "Baba O'Riley"....and literally as I type this you brought it up! Lol!  I like the Dagny version better, though!
vulfpeck literally covered 1to1 Prince's 1977 jazz sessions and never admit it and never gave credits
Katy Perry' song 365 with Zedd is a DIRECT copy of a Bollywood song called Kamariya from the movie Stree. Like there is not even an attempt to hide it. It's ridiculous.
Que mentira Katy no la plagió, eso es un sample y por lo mismo Dagny está acreditada junto con sus escritores y productores una cosa es que quiera infomar y analizar la musica y otra que esté inventado y desinformando con sus videos
Most of her songs has same known verses and titles from other well-known songs. Another copy by her is no surprise, only how many people it took to write it is.
Rick, if you loved that triplet, you should check out migos
do a show on plagiarize led zeppelin songs
she copied fly and all the things she said as well
Maroon 5 ripped off Katy Perry’s ‘Last Night’ even MORE blatantly— they just took the song, whole-cloth, and slowed it down a half measure. I forget the name of Maroons version. Big hit! Came out 3 months after Katy’s song. Just ridiculous
and Zedd copied the beat from gemini feed by banks in 365 ft Katy Perry as well, but the humming in Stay is IDENTICAL to bank's poltergeist
Christ, 9 people to copy a Dagny song, just think how many they would need to come up with something original!!! Methinks there are far too many people on the Perry payroll.....
No different to Zeppelin except they were worse Why not rag them out Rick
just goes to show everything comes from something in the end! haha
HA!  I actually really like hearing both of them at the same time, kinda cool LOL.  Almost better than either one separately.
Dagny version is 100%..... katy and zedd is less
To me it sounds like a bad merry go round that I can’t get off of
She also did the same with Use Your Love by The Outfield
Taylor Swift was inspired by Right Said Fred 'I'm Too Sexy' 😝
Rick the people that run radio have no idea about talent...thus why i don't listen.... Keep jammin Rick..  i love your work
I couldn't honestly tell that you were swapping between the two songs, at first. That's crazy. May as well call it a cover or remix.
I really enjoy your videos and after watching this mashup I get the feeling you are Sir Mashalot, you wrote a number 1 song with Parmalee and then they switched to the country formula, your distain for the formula drove you to do the 6 country song mashup? is this you Sir Mashalot???
Seems pop has choked on itself.
OMG! You’re right!
There's a Finite number of sounds, rhythm, beats, and words, music is the language of the soul, so it's Natural that repetition Will occur from time to time independently of others creations, stealing does occur, but just like you can find people who look like the twin you Never had, you will also find LIFE On many levels IS Repetition!😐😐😐😐😐😐😐
I heard this is Joe Bidens favorite song
They both suck equally
All those people to copy a song! Here in the Caribbean they create music rhythms and artists create their own song with it. One artist could have a huge hit with that rhythm whilst another tanks. I find it all very interesting.
Someone has too much times on their hands...
This is when you know the music industry has hit a new low. They used to just rip off older songs, but now they rip off hit songs that came out a few years ago...
Very illuminating. It would be really interesting to watch a debate with a few of your fellow musicians about the thin line that separates simple inspiration, legitimate borrowing and blatant theft. I remember well the ancient beatle feuds concerning My Sweet Lord (vs. He's So Fine) and Come Together (vs. You Can't Catch Me). A few days ago I was startled listening to the first notes of Natalie Cole's Our Love, completely nicked by Seal in his Kiss from a Rose…
When it came out I thought clarity WAS Katy Perry til I checked
99.9% of all the "pop" songs are mostly derived from 2 basic chord sequences.  I often entertain my kids by singing a completely different song to one of their favorites they think is "original", and matching spot-on to the beat and to the chords.
Do I hear Katie’s vocal with a Dua Lipa pop? I guess there’re many vocalists using the proven techniques to sell to their audience.
These are the words of the popstars These are the words of the upsophisticated money-machines For the killers of rock and roll
First time I heard this tune it really hooked me. Love the marching percussion, the melody in harmonies in the chorus so cool. The staccato groove is amazing.  My other favorite by her is Dark Horse.
Katy Perry’s song is more polished production wise, and I love the rhythm of the chorus, but that Dagny song has some more “honest” moments in the performance.  Her delivery of “I see myself next to you until we’re old” has a from-the-heart feel that Katy Perry lacks.
Rick! Consider doing a comparison of Miracle Girl by The Lovemongers (Heart in disguise) and SOS by ABBA.
Sorry Rick, had to give up on that to avoid brain rot. I hope Dagny isn't hoping the sell in Australia with a name like that.
I'm gonna have to go with the Katy Perry song :)
hi!! has Sir Rick ever done a MY TOP 10 ALL TIME FAVORITE POP SONGS yet?? please share me the link! i super love the way he shares his thoughts on the production, arrangement and songwriting!! <3
I thought this was going to be about the time she copied Sara Bareilles...
Katy Perry song IS overproduced, Dagny makes her song on her vocal abilities and raw talent. Don't agree Rick, your blinded by "Katy Perry " success. I have followed Dagny for 6 years and her song writing and vocals are top notch, not to mention her instrumental backup. Hopefully she will soon get the international recognition that Katy Perry has enjoyed.
I like your split panned version. Perhaps you should publish it? Sounds like your copywrite claim could be as strong as Katy's
one of Lady Gaga's latest songs "Stupid Love" actually has a rlly similar instrumental (just that the verses have the instrumental of the chorus from KP/Dangy…and neither of them are credited)
test
This is not music, it's rather typical of the rubbish composed these days.  I'll admit though that the production is good, but with the tools available today you don't have be a genius to do a good job.  Rick, you though are one of kind offering excellent assessments in general.
Nine people "wrote" this song which is a copy of someone else's song.  How many wrote Bohemian Rhapsody????     ONE.  Freddie Mercury.
Katy is TRASH = Verified! Lol
Well, since Katy when from a Christian minister's daughter to a Marina Abramović "spirt cooking" acolyte, I guess she sucks the souls out of songs as well! Rick, I can support all kinds of music but this is formulaic crap and the fact that it is lifted note for note proves they are out of ideas in this era of music!
In either case, it's a lot of people to string four chords together with not much melody.  I do like the use of rhythm though.  Very clever and catchy as pop should be in both cases.
Aside from the two songs sounding very similar, the lick at the beginning toned down could also be from the beginning of Baba O'Riley.
It actually sounded pretty good with the songs playing separately and simultaneously in each ear.
Rick, please check out the song Baby I'm Yours by Breakbot and compare to Bruno Mars Treasure! I think you'll be intrigued!
Can do the same overlay of quite a few "country" songs.
Katy Perry is one of my top 5 pop performers. She gave credit to Dagney. I guess that is good enough. As long as the $ and credit is acceptable.
This song is more like how far can we push this.. To get away with it. That is the world we're livin' in..
I am pretty sure Katy Perry also have been inspired by some Danish popsongs not really known outside Scandinavia.
Loved "Never Really Over" when it came out, so much so I looked to see who wrote it, that's when I discovered Dagny, who is now probably one of my all-time favourites, she deserves greater fame than she has. Tracks like "Backbeat", "Used to You", "Wearing Nothing" I love.
You just said the same thing...Haha
A bit Teenage Wasteland (WHO) in the intro, no?
This is interesting
If Katie Perry has to stoop to ripping somebody else off then you know pop music is really in the S**ter
I understand that you're looking at from the production/writing perspective and I can agree with your points along those lines, but I think you're giving way too many passes. When I hear music like this, I hear post editing and assume to a point of near certainty that she can't perform this live without computers. I admit I am sometimes surprised, though and pleasantly proven wrong, but in this case I'm going to bet that her with a five piece and only amps, PA and mic can't reproduce this live. To which I ask, why are we treating this as if it were artistic level music?
Katy Perry is a made up person.  Voice is all generated and fake.  Songs are puke.
It always makes me really happy when I don't know a modern song. It's not good music.
Haim has a track just like these two. Now I'm In It. I think it's better than these. Check it out.
inspired by = has taken on a new meaning "duplication"
So glad this was here. Discovered a song that I needed and a song that I love.
I thought that the 2 songs panned and tempo matched sounded better than either song individually.
So Katy Perry, whose first hit straight up ripped off its title from Jill Sobule, did something that wasn't original?
I dig both versions, but I find myself listening to Dagny's track much more often.
Lol. I did this with a John Mayer song.  I forget the original
Love how pop songs always have 900 producers.
Katy Perry, not my cup of tea!
Some people say she stole the melody from a Christian rapper called Flame in Dark Horse.  She had to pay 2.8 million dollars.
What you said about pop music lyric writing is spot on.  One song that I love also contains a lyric that has always bothered me is Rooms on Fire by Stevie Nicks.  Lately I’ve been thinking that the rooms are all on fire. Every time that you walk in the room.  Grammatically she doesn’t need the last “room” but in keeping the meter it’s a necessity.
Come on Rick! As a song writer its totally impossible to write a song that's not going to sound like some other song. It's all been done before. It will all be done again.
thats crule way to name a child , Dagny Dag Ny  , day new
Dagny, kom hit och spill! Oh, oh, oh, Dagny, fem droppar till 🤣😂😂🤣🤣
I think you even said you prefer the Dagny version. I wish you had spent more time on that song.
I don't hear anything special...sorry
🤦
I'm pretty sure she took "inspiration" from Savage Garden's I Want You as well.
Not surprising.  Many songs in this genre sound similar. Was it intentional or accidental?  I'll let you decide.
In 1974 Lynyrd Skynyrd  brought out Sweet Home Alibama, and in 1978 Warren Zevon brought out Werewolves of London, AAAnd in 2008 Kid Rock brought out All summer long, They all sound similar.
I REALLY don't like pop but damn, that Katy Perry version is damn catchy.
Very smart playing both songs.....sub.
I started singing 'Out here in the fields' one phrase before Rick said 'It's like the Who!'. Enjoyed your analysis of this track.
Also kinda similar to Taylor Swift - Style. Just faster.
I hate the Katy Perry version. So over-produced.
9 writers crap song!
Honestly didn't really care. Katy perry stole an extremely UNCREATIVE melody(Which is just mostly spamming c major supertonic)
It sounds like you really like the production way more than you like the song, and I don't blame you.
Loved this
Just make a mashup of the two,,, LOL, it sounds good in the left right example...
Watching you Rick is way more entertaining than watching those win fails movies in youtube... I had so much fun watching that story about Sergio Mende's song! You are great!
Who cares,and why? It's a crappy bubblegum tune.
Love you like that is a million times better. Such a catchy mf bomb of a song. So much better it shouldn't even count as copying
Could never stand Katy Perry. Don't know what it is but I just cannot stand her voice.
So much creative bankruptcy nowadays more than ever
Dagny's is the better song, imo. There's more space in the verses to enjoy the emotion of her lyrics. Perry's is a nonstop mess of vocals.
Hey, at least it's not "A min, F maj dim, C maj, G maj dim" over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.
I'm sayin', try Sublime/What I Got - then sing Lady Madonna over the front end. Of course the tempo is different, but stick with the music and see how easy it is to match them up. Rick?
Old boomer here..Always enjoy your analysis. These have helped me understand why I like or dislike a song.
Honestly, it does seem like Rick struggles a bit to appear enthused by this type of music. But he’s kind enough to try.
very interesting!
Both are repetitive crap.
So...what DJ is gonna make the supercut mix for the world? Those few seconds of each song being panned right and left sounded better than either one separately to me.🤣
It's not just these two songs. Most of them sound so similar it's really boring. And I'm sorry but what's the point in putting freat vocals on the record if you can't replicate it live? I know Katy can't...
Katy perry is only good at plagiarism
I love Rick but great production does not necessarily mean great songwriting or a great song. I would rather have both so I'll just listen to Sergeant peppers again.
That's too bad, we coulda known a new different artist.
That was fun. Thank you.
What do you expect from someone whose first big hits were "I Kissed a Girl" (same name as song by Jill Sobule) and "California Girls" (you may have heard of the Beach Boys?)
Seriously…as much as animated as Rick gets about this rip off, I don’t get it.
I stopped being a Katy Perry listener when she got on American Idol as a higher paid judge, and acts like a bigger legend than Lionel Ritchie? Can somebody explain her ego to me?
I am a big Trance fan. Different DJs take a song and do their own remix all the time. There might be 10 different remixes. I listen to them all and then download my favorite.
Tema técnicamente muy bueno, sonidos fx e interesantes arreglos, pero  musicalmente horrendo
I have nothing positive to say about this kind of music meh. Your ear is really great  though picking up on this...........inspired song and being able to sit through it and analyze it. 👏👏👏
"Yes sure copy my essay just change the words around"
I'm pretty sure in the late 1970s the Commodore PET computers we used were capable of that exact same sound. BLECH. Being a "keyboard player" in this century has been badly misdirected.
This sounds too frenzied to me.
An individual's song will have too many idiosyncrasies. You need nine people to make sure no-one's taking any risks.
Love your work Rick, but can’t agree with you about the “greatness” of the song. It might be a great production in an on the grid, by the numbers, whack another plug-in on it kinda way, but the song itself is drivel. It’s the kind of song that, back in the 70s, could be found on an album so obscure, the marketing department at an AM radio station would have no problem using for the soundtrack to a commercial for haemorrhoid cream.
There is NEVER an excuse for playing Katy Perry.
Both songs are really like most of Pop and Metal songs that you analyzed from Spotify... Voices and songs structures seems the same in most of the cases.
Someone with so much money that's too stingy to actually buy the rights. Go figure.
She's a hack and a fake. I'm sure most of you have seen the video of her faking playing the recorder and busted when she was caught faking it.
Can we talk about the over-usage of melody triplets in literally every pop song since about 2006?
So many people to "write" this trash? It is funny and sad at the same time.
Kate Perry inspired me to HATE Kate Perry.
The portion when you play both songs one from left and right ear was amazing. I wish someone would make a mashup like that.
Katy Perry couldn't write her name without help.
Spectrum is a better Zedd song than Clarity.
Perry is not even close to Oryginal.
Baba O'riley
All that effort and trickery put into something that is so superficial and instantly forgettable. Nothing against it but to call it music ? Funny how lone artists through the ages have created masterpieces with nothing more than a traditional instrument and an idea. Katy and her crew play the computer well....
total ripoff. I HAVE written melodies or choruses before and then later realized I had unconsciously made a rendition of something I had heard during my lifetime, often from decades past. But that isn't the case here. This one's obvious. I very clearly remember hearing that Ed Shereen song on the radio for the first Time and I instantly knew it was a ripoff of "Let's Get it On"  I take it as offensive when people ripoff songs. I suppose its because its dishonest. I would hate to have someone steal one of my tunes, or even just a piece of one. That being said there are only 12 tones a human ear can hear. And there are so many billions of us here on earth. So we do occasionally have the same Ideas. But this one....Is a strait Robbery. Katy Perry used to be a girl with a guitar. But the fame and the money and the pressure of success will flock the devils to you.
You spend SO much time creating GREAT videos. It blows me away that so much of it is done for free.
Never listened to either of them.   Dont know or care about either of them.   Happy to say.
So, Rick you're basically complementing their use of use a drum machine? 🤣🤣 actual Musicians still rule!😎
Huh...I can now officially say I have heard Katy Perry.    I don't like it.
I like the Dagny song better.  But in general the song sounds like all the other pop songs out now.  Including that song you mentioned Clarity.  Can anyone be creative and unique?   Go listen to some Led Zeppelin or Queen and many others to hear something really good.  This is what happens when you listen to too much pop from this time period.  You get brainwashed.  I think you've been brainwashed Rick.  ;D
Rick makes me appreciate music I don't like.
steal like an artist kkkkk
"Its like The Who..." Its not like The Who. Sorry. No.
Rick, loved the sneaky The Who reference lol
Dude! Good song? What are you smoking? Close to the Edge by Yes is a good song. I never have listened to that Freemason bubblegum garbage.
Sounds like Pink to me.
I like the Dagny version better.
Love that you love pop Rick! It's the child in you...and in us all. Proud to be a kid and swept up in the emotions of being !
I wonder how often this is happening in modern music. With most songs using the millennium loop almost every song seems to overlap into another one at some point. That because they are using a hit formula.  Imo the writers of the first 'version' of this should get 100% writers fee. Perry has simply come in and said how would you like this song to make few more bucks for you...and for me too if course coz I'm way more famous than you.
Who wrote those two lines right there?  Probably about 4 people.......
I understand why Russel Brand left her now.
Yeah, Katy Perry copied a song. Now let's throw hate to her and call all of her songs 'trash'. Is this what you wanted??
When you hard pan the two, it sounds better than either sounds by itself.  The pattern offsets sound amazing.
I'm just eating all this up with a spoon...I LOVE it!!!!!
oh my god. Usually theres some stretching to fit this "copying" but OOOOOF. LIterally right there.
Whether it's a great song is also dependent on whether you think Perry has the musical chops to make it so. Which she doesn't. She had her moment in the teen spectrum. Now she's really a has been no matter how dynamic her producers make the music. She sounds like she's whining on most tracks. Her vocal tone is shallow. Vocal layering is a digital tool that can't be reproduced in live concert so then they just fake their performances. It didn't peak because everyone hears the overproduction and moves on. Typical music that sounds like a dishwasher in motion.
Plagerism.... she should be paying Dagney.....Katie needs to be sued
Rick, maybe you can settle a disagreement I have with my wife.  I say Dwight Yokum's "A Thousand Miles from Nowhere" rips off the Kinks' "Well Respected Man," it's just a lot slower.  What's interesting is that Yokum loves the Kinks, and did a cover album on British Pop.  But for this song, he never directly attributed the melody to the Kinks.  But it sure sounds to same to me.
Today on Low Hanging Fruit
They are actually different songs...one is from Dagny, and the other sounds so generic I wanna plug my ears a minute in.  Am I the only one who hates this kind of pop song? I don't wanna be the "back in my days" guy, but the pop music in the radio during my childhood provokes nostalgia and not dread. And I'm not saying they're all like that. I mean Norway's got Aurora playing in the radio, who (imho) is not only talented but also creating really beautiful music (that live concert in Nidarosdomen was insane). But for some reason where I live half the songs sound exactly like this plagiarized something from Katy Perry.
So that begs the question: What is the difference between a _copy_ and a _cover?_ Is the only difference how the money is split?
The music industry is one big American Idol now. It all sounds like Disney soundtracks. Production made from scripted module and sample libraries. Sell outs to the tribal ownership who made music all about money.
Trash.
Wow, the Katy Perry version sucks.
Dagny is really good in that song 👍🌟⚘
The "even" part was intentional to match the desired rhythm. a two syllable word had to go somewhere to keep the desired rhythm going. One thing thats changed in todays music is the rhythm of the words comes first, then the words themselves and the meaning of those words comes second. The feel of the sentence is more important than the literal meaning So while some think it makes no sense its actually intentional and not lazy writing
9 people to create this tune, and it's still crap.
"Clarity " sounded really harsh in that clip. Shrill. Badly equalized. Who likes or dislikes the sound quality "Clarity"?
The Dagny song has a more raw “real” feel and doesn’t sound over produced like the Katy Perry “version” of her song. Sorry Rick but for me Dagny wins.
given that there are 7 notes in the key just play one note and youve ripped off the start of every song '' sue  ''
GoSh
Q: How many writers does it take to write a crappy song? A: Nine.
On the initial image Katy Perry looks like Penny from The Big Bang Theory...
Copycat Katy.
so katy is guilty of plagiarism ! lol
I was sort of listening to what you were saying Rick. But is way fun to watch you get stoked about a tune - If its this one, or If you could read my mind!
These aren't song writers, these are marketing engineers.
Hate her guts but you're right Rick.
Zeed is overrated.
I appreciate that you can find something to appreciate in these newer songs, but older songs have so much more to offer I won’t waste my life with this drivel.  Love your channel, just not this episode.
What a lot of people don't understand is that co-writing works differently than just writing it by yourself. And a lot of times, it can cross to music production as well, which is a whole different beast. There are a lot of songwriters and music producers out there, but really just a handful of really good ones. Collaboration is the other way to go. Creativity can be a rabbit hole of fixations and without a collaborator, a good chorus or hook could go to waste without seeing the light of day. Is it cheating? Not necessarily, it it also depends on from which perspective you want to view it from. This one, you should look at it from a pop perspective, nowhere else. And that's what makes it good.
Stop drinking coffee.
Hurts my ears!
Hate to down the producers, even though you think they improved upon Dagny's song, but I disagree. Dagny's version doesn't have all the overlaying percussion and I find it much more appealing than Katy's version. The Katy Perry version has too much going on and clutters the clear simplicity of the original instruments.
This song just Screams... INTEGRITY .. doesn't it?... Come on Rick
Starbucks... humm!
Starbucks and Spotify mentioned in the first sentence.
That's such uninteresting teen plastic.
I would say that about 90% of pop songs written and performed since 2000 are direct copies of one another with 3 chords, 3 bass notes and the same repetitive electric drum noise over and over, so what's the big deal?
Got enough money you can cheat all your friends...…I mean You thought they were your friends.
Junk music plain and simple, today’s music is so canned to the nth degree, this kinda of music killed the bands that use to churn out more complex pieces and they’ll actually played the instruments instead of computerized bullshit! Today’s music sucks period!
I've had to sit through lame pop stations at work enough to know a lot of them rip-off songs. My favorite to hate on is "I'd be Rich" by Maren Morris. Same exact song as The Joker by Steve Miller Band. Even the drums are exactly the same
9 people to write a 1-note chorus?!
All I can hear in the chorus is The Macarena
To be honest I think that the triplets in vocal melodies are getting boring. I'm mean it has been a trend for like 19 years now.
I think you just like Katy Perry's plump little ass... The Dagny song is superior lyric writing and the vocal work is showcasing more talent if you ask me... Plus, its the ORIGINAL idea!   If Zedd hadn't produced a damn near angelic sounding synth-track for her, rip-off that it is, this song would likely be just another pop-trash millenial yelping garbage bomb from everyone's favorite "I kissed a girl and still riding that" pop princess.😂 LOL
Why bother with this crap, Zeppelin did this a lot 50 years ago!!
Dagny should hire Rick Beato the next time she gets robbed.
So, it took NINE people to copy someone else's song.  They must be really talented...:/
Millions of people are paying "copy-paste " music sadly. They are no longer plastic artists, they are now mediocre plastic "artists" and producers.
It's a much more interesting song when they are layered on top of each other.
Lack of basic TALENT is the pure cause of their thievery !!! Plain plagiarists !!!
katy is not an artist,she is manufactured tripe
yeah, ya lost me at "I was at Starbucks." Instead of reviewing pop tunes, how about some rock? Big scene in Japan right now. You will enjoy hearing the classic rock/metal influences.
Love your enthusiasm Rick. It's contagious. Savage Garden had that Cherry Cola song ("I Want You") similar one note catchy groove thing happening.
You talk about the Katy Perry song being well-produced, as if it's a saving grace. It isn't. These ubiquitous, second-rate songs are ALWAYS well-produced, but that fact does NOT make them great songs...
Also listen to Michael W Smith  “Rocket Town”
One thing that we all have to realize is that music in 2021 is not made for artistic integrity .It is made for commerce. simply to make money
i don't care who or how many ppl "created" those "songs"......it sounds like a load of balderdash to me.....NEXT....!!
Writing credits is used as a way of paying people percentage of the income of the song. That's why you have so many "writers" now. Most of them didn't write anything. So really, Dagny should have all the music percentage here, she wrote the song, and Katy Perry the lyrics credits. But that's not how it works, because the producers need their möney.   The song that REALLY bugs me with this is 7 Rings. It's a cover of "My Favorite Things" by Rogers and Hammerstein, and somehow it's listed with TEN COMPOSERS!
I must be old because I Don't Like That At All.
I also had this experience with k pop on the radio. I was hey this is.... Huh?  Why is it in Korean  huh?
Rick how much does it cost to hire you to be a producer?
Rip off is a rip off. I love the original by Dagny.
When an old curmudgeon says, "All that pop music sounds alike today", he's RIGHT.
I can't honestly say, having only heard a bit, but I think I personally prefer the Dagney original. Yes, I acknowledge that Rick's appreciation for the production is something I can respect but, all art being subjective, my taste prefers Dagney's.
At some point you really have to stop referring to your people as "writers", when they steal other's writing because their own "writers" couldn't come up with good enough material on their own. This is mostly why I consider most so called artists to be just another model with at least a decent voice but no real musical creative abilities being necessary. Further evidence of the moral and ethical decline of our society. They are okay with just stealing whatever they want and nobody else even cares to do anything about it.
This is the problem with pop music these days. It's all a bunch of computerized crap. It took 1 so-called singer and 8 computer programmers. So much of the same crap being repeated just for airplay. Give me true singer songwriters. This isn't awesome..it's crap.
Really interesting. So many elements to be considered. Don’t understand but enjoyed the video.
So in this case we can specifically see that a song with three writers is OK, and it took six writers to add literally nothing.  Stuff like this reminds me of why I literally find there to be more artistic merit in Wesley Willis than an entire committee of corporate suits.
Dude, you should overlay Taylor Swift, "22" and Third Eye Blind, "Semi Charmed". The mashup is available online, and I don't understand how she wasn't sued for millions of dollars. It's identical.
Do you ever hear a pop song that you wish was done by a rock band? (Without the over production)
That's not much by either one of them, to be honest.
Am I a simpleton for liking the crossmix at 3:48?
I so hate pop music yaaak! give me some Slayer to relax on :)
Look up Halo by Beyonce and Already gone by Kelly Clarkson....Same tune.. been a dj for 20+ years...i hear this all the time. Even did a Mashup called Halos already gone....come to find out its the same producer for both...go figure...🙄
First and last time I have heard these two songs. I’m just here for Rick.
it s like a candombe
Plagiarism.
Would love to hear more of your perspectives on pop music.  Specifically, how does showmanship impact popularity of music, Rick.  I am thinking of Bruno Mars and Pitbull who both put so much energy into their live performances;  you've got to respect the work ethic of that part even if the music is the aural equivalent of McDonald's.  There is just no substitute for the type of stuff that makes it into your "What makes this song great" series.
Through this song I got interested in Dagny's music. I can't explain what it is about her music but it is catchy as hell. Add her fantastic voice and looks and she's just a winner
OOOOOOOHHHHHH YESSSSS!!!! “LIKE THE WHO”was on the tip of my tongue ❣️❣️❣️BUT IT’S NOTHING LIKE The WHO!!!! Ha ha ha! Rick rocks.  I understand all the qualities of these pop elements that make up these two songs but YUCK 🤢
they probably added "even" to fill out the syllable rhythm.   the katy perry version sounds a lot like the stuff avril lavigne was doing.
Funny enough I don't know if I care. I know there's something to be said for copyright and this and that but then again I also feel like that is abused more than it does any good. Pop sounds the same a lot anyway. If you look at those early rock and roll hits, a lot of them just sound so much the same with the same chord progressions I really feel it's just par for the course for popular music to end up sounding the same.
Nice.
supertonic!!!
My favourite is  All Summer Long- Kid Rock Werewolves of London - Warren Zevon.   Listen to those two for rip off.
Katy Perry, symptom of a dying civilisation. Corporate shite. Love your channel man! :P
The pink twist singly observe because bowling effectively compare on a reminiscent session. maniacal, accidental plantation
Yep, and "Wide Awake" by Katy Perry sounds verrrry similar to "Fly" by Lenny Kravitz
Nine writers, just like the writers in Justin Bieber's team who took from Toto. I like pop music, but the modern stuff is too much moan and groan broken relationship trash.
OMG nothing about this song is good. Free is good, John Mayall is good, Led Zep is good, Gordon Lightfoot is good.
Can't compare an "indifferent" singer like Perry with someone like Dagny...Perry is a performance artist who lives and dies on autotune...
9 writers... Wow 😁
Music for 13 year old girls.
111
It's like how The Dum Dum Girls' "Coming Down" (2011) sounds very similar to Mazzy Star's "Fade Into You" (1993) but not as similar as this Katy Perry song.
Happens a lot. Labels are quick to stop lawsuits..also u have to go US to take action against us producer... Which is wrong
I detest Katy Perry.
Dagny should be able to sue.  She got completely dissolved in the miriad of "writers".  She should not have to accept being 1 of 9.  Rediculous.
why do you listen to music it is horrible! stop!
Never heard of Dagny but I figured it was more a ripoff of I love you always forever. Seems like a ripoff of a 90s song in the chorus.
I'm working on a new song, It's Never Really Over Coz I Love You Like That."
This is what happens when an artist doesn't write her own songs. You have people just trying to submit something on time and pick up a paycheck.
Ya know Rick, I had the same exact experience you did with these two songs and I couldn't stop listening to them. I looked them up and studied them. Love both and don't discount Dagny's version, it has some great elements too. I couldn't stop grinning as you went through all the things you dug about Katy's vocals. I particularly loved the descending harmonies in the choruses. Zedd has done some great stuff and his marching drum and stopwatch get me every time. I have the same guilty pleasure when it comes to a great pop production. I got off on "The Middle"  and his work on Alecia Cara's "Stay" too. sorry not sorry.
Smells like a lawsuit to me!!
Bubble gum for the soul Rick....
Boom EXPOSED LOL
I appreciate your knowledge, but this stuff is unlistenable.
There are only seven notes.... :-)))))
9 Producers and no credit? NO CLASS! Now look to Stevie Nicks, who wrote Stand Back while driving down the road with the radio playing Little Red Corvette, who then credited Prince without his even knowing about it. THAT"S CLASS!
Personally I think songs written by comity are garbage.
how funny I like Dagny song better  bubble gum pop  haha  such a shallow artist... but Katey pERRY IS very cute....  ahhhh yr right the Perry is also good,,, I hate pop   music  how the OSMONDS  AHHHHH  king of bubble gum songs,,,,
Brilliant show Rick
Excellent diagnostics Rick - I run the classical label Base2 music.
They’re….recycling???
Aerosmith did it before them with Angel.
I do love the sound design and beat/rhythm of the chorus of the Katy Perry song, but with Katy Perry's label having so much money they can AFFORD to make a catchy beat and 9 songwriters like that. I still prefer music before 2004.
They gave her song writing credits because they knew they were going to be sued and definitely would’ve lost
How a six-person marketing team (uh, I mean songwriting team) copied an existing product and added bells and whistles to achieve a higher market saturation. Cha ching. Creative marketing 1, creative composing 0.
Well it’s obvious the producers are stealing other people’s work...     but.. it’s crap .. I hate pop music, it’s irritating
Rick.. are you suggesting that Katy Perry is disingenuous?! How dare you! 😄 Have you ever seen her without makeup? You wouldn't recognize her in a million years! I don't mean she looks different. I mean, everything you see on stage IS makeup!
No!! the "I can't Even go on the internet without even checking your name" is genius...because that's how people talk...so to put that in there...is super perfect for a Katy Perry song...and...and...it reaches out to the demographic that dig KP....  Danny
Who's Kathy Perry ?
With them laid over each other, it kinda makes a neat song.
"We cant come up with anything new, so lets follow that same successful formula; lets raise our profits with a proven process!" The same, same, same, same = lame. Some people who aren't musicians should not ever do music, or influence music with their money.
When I first heard Roar I thought the synth background sounded like the Swirlies song called Sunn from their album They Spent Their Wild Youthful Days in the Glittering World of the Salons.  I hadn't listened to the Swirlies since the 90's, but when I heard Roar, it immediately sounded like a Swirlies song.  But it's probably just me, I have no musical talent whatsoever.  I never thought, and still don't think Nirvana's Come As You are sounds exactly like Killing Joke's Eighties, at least not enough to pick up on it myself, but again, I'm not a musician.
Katy Perry's "Wide Awake" is basically the Fixx song "Must I Always Remember"
Dagny should be getting paid for KP's song too. or at least 80% of it.
Love me some Zedd
Rick, does that initial chord progression also sound a heck of a lot like "When You Say Nothing At All"?
I've seen Dagny live in Amsterdam as a support act for Lemaitre. She's a great singer live as well. Some songs were live a lot better than the studio versions.
Plsss, she gave all the credits to Dagny's song, also she tweets that she was so happy that Katy found her song and that she used her song .... this video is unnecessary
This keeps happening to me, but I know absolutely nothing about music, so I can never be sure if two songs are the same or if I'm just going nuts
Let's be real, Rick, Katy Perry doesn't write her own music so she didn't really copy anything.
I really like pop music and I really like the analysis of this but... there's a whole bunch of female singers around at the moment that it's really *really* difficult to differentiate between for casual listeners, which probably means that this stuff really is bubblegum and throwaway in a way that older pop that was described in the same way probably isn't, and it can be hard for new artists who don't sound like this to know where they might fit in the current pop landscape.
“Well produced” 🤮
Pop has been trash for years, where will it go next ??
Can't stand Katie Perry.
Not a fan of Katy Perry!!!
There has been so much theft going on, even from the 1980's and 1990's home computer scene.
It is believable as rip offs are the norm in music, art, and dance.
and worst of all .... it's utter shite anyway
A couple of times I thought I "wrote a song", only to play it for the guys later and find out I had just put new lyrics to an existing one!😔
When you panned the 2 tracks, I got goosebumps!  That is THE COOLEST THING I HAVE EVER HEARD!!!  Your brain is AMAZING!!!  wow...
Definitely wrong, and illegal, to plagiarize.  But suing someone for using the same chord progression, as in other lawsuits, seems wrong, too.  I thought the only elements of a song protected by copyright were lyrics and melody.
Both songs are crap. C'mon Rick
It seems like most of this new pop stuff uses that triplet feel on alot of the lyrics
It's garbage music, either way!
Actually, the chorus of the "Love You Like That" sounds a lot like another Katy Perry song: Hot n Cold ("‘Cause you’re hot then you’re cold, You’re yes then you’re no, You’re in then you’re out, You’re up then you’re down, You’re wrong when it’s right, It’s black and it’s white, We fight we break up, We kiss we make up....)
Perry had to pay a half million to a man claiming she stole Dark Horse.  I don't know if he got an album credit.   I am surprised she was able to pivot from "tween" songs and videos to a more adult sound and image that doesn't involve whipped cream.
No one does pop like Katy- she is the queen of infectious top lines you can't get out of your head. Yet she makes it feel like rock.
Love your videos. Can't see how you can stand to listen to this crap (most pop music today).
Omg give her a break
The melody you play at 10:10 is the same as The Who's "Baba O'Reilly" in the intro after about 40 seconds.
I'm sorry....I mean, bravo for the production, but I just can't digest pop that's been "created" in the last 10 years. I listen to rock and metal, but I have so much respect for M.Jackson, Madonna, Kylie, etc. Anything that's been released in the last 10-15 years just lacks soul and creativity. Seems like it's the same 10 tracks out of the factory with different features.
Look at I Kissed A Girl.
Great video , Rick.  I have a question that is totally unrelated, but has been driving me nuts for awhile now.   Why is Sean Mendes so incredibly popular, when he is not nearly as talented as Charlie Puth, who is a very good songwriter and has perfect pitch ??
Nope, not the same. Millions of songs written. Give me a friggin break, if you think nobody will ever replicate a tune they are not familiar with. Imagine,,,, a friggin song that sounds like one already written.... Must be done purposely.
She reached out to the other person and told them about it.   And Perry also gave them writing credits.   I personally wouldn't use the phrase "rip-off", but you do you, bro.
This guy hasn’t done his homework. Katy Perry was very clear about sampling this song before never really over even came out. Dagny is credited on never really over. Nice try gramps
Eh,it's a fun little song and Rick breaks them both down so well even I can understand it. Hmmmm. I wonder if she was "inspired" by Baltimoras "Tarzan Boy" for "Roar". As soon as I heard it Baltimora popped into my head.
Amazing. You do a lot of what my best teachers have done in these short videos. Love how good you are at explaining
Love You Like That is miles better than Never Really Over.  Proof? Is Katey Perry famous again? Dont think so. lol
I have nothing against pop music personally... however I've never been inspired by a Katy Perry song
Sadly, neither song would ever feature on any playlist of mine because they are both pretty uninteresting, unmoving, lacking in any emotion whatsoever, totally lacking empathy with life on Earth.  Played well, sung well, produced well, still can equal crap.
Ella Fitzgerald did a one note samba.
Awsome video explanation
I totally disagree with Rick regarding Katy Perry's song. To me it sounds absolutely horrible. Maybe the producers did some cool stuff with their equipment, but I don't like what they created. I much rather listen to "the original", at least that sounds like music and not an over produced sludge of sound. Let music be music and keep those "cool" sound effects for video games.
Nice analysis. Personally, I find the song an annoyance, and would turn it off after 3 seconds, preferring blessed silence, but your description makes the phenomenon of this sort of current pop music definitely very interesting, and makes me realize that one should listen with open ears!
now i feel bad when i listen to never really over...
I live in Columbia ,SC. If I was taking a trip with a girlfriend to meet my parents (in central FL) and she said those two lines, she’d be walking home from Brunswick.
A good composer steals-Igor Stravinsky
This is the music field's equivalent of corporate crimes where they call as many people into the meeting as possible so that all people who matter end up being guilty and part of the problem.  Inspiration?Creativity?   Hardly... very sad state of affairs.
Do they play these songs in torture chambers?
there hasn't been a good song written since 2000
Episodes like this remind me of just how much genius is in Donald Fagen's songwriting.  or Maurice White.  or Andy Platts today.   But then Fagen ripped off the vamp in the title track on Gucho from Keith Jarrett, who received songwriting credit.
11:30 guitar continuity
Cool video
So basically, they avoided a law suit by preemptively giving Dagny song writing credits. Ok, cool. As long as Dagny is getting paid for their...”inspiration”. In fairness, I also really like Zedd and think he’s a talented producer a la “Clarity”. Same time, there is a difference between a “sample” and a “lift”.
thank you. I can't stand Katy Perry. overproduced crap.
The only thing I have ever disagreed with Rick on...  it's not a great song.  It's a well produced song.
At least they shared the writing credit.  So many so-called artists just rip it off and play stupid.
I didnt know 'really inspired' meant 'sorry we copied you and got caught,  and now we have to pay you or we get sued'
These DJ producers (Zedd) all do this.  These guys arent musicians, they are DJs.  They listen to a lesser known or unknown records and then copy them.  The A&R folks then make sure it works legally.  Rinse and repeat.
Hurts my ears. I'll stick with Donna Summer.
I dunno…every pop song sounds the same to me.
so you can literally DJ both songs and hard pan them. LOLs. nobody is going to know.
I love this song, I just pretend the internet line doesn’t exist 😆 I can’t even listen to this song without even removing that line… not as good of a joke as Rick….
People don't care as long as they have a coke and a smile. It doesn't matter if it is pop or rock, our culture consumes it like a coke and a smile
Rick. I really love and admire your work. Ive been following you for about a year. Truly enjoy your lessons on music theory and your "What makes this song great" videos. In my eyes, you are ever bit as great as ALL our music icons! Frampton, Page, SRV, Clapton, and the like.  You know music!!! You can pick apart ANY song. My only gripe.. Please dont pander to this OVERPRODUCED garbage! I can guarantee NOT ONE PERSON played an instrument on ANY of these 2 songs.  Still love your channel sir! Keep up the good work!!
Not that Katy Perry is bad but I think I prefer Dagny's voice better.  To me Dagny's timbre is a little more soft and less nasally.
So good I never listened to this crap. And never will do.
Perry lost an infringement lawsuit recently for her song "Dark Horse" which allegedly ripped off "Joyful Noise" by Flame. Adam Nealy did a video on this why he felt she didn't copy it.
F-ing brilliant!
Gosh nine writers to turn out a horse turd 🤣🤣🤣. Plagiarism is the lowest form of flatulence 🤢 it stinks 😷
I think this is another example of the way that modern songwriting isn't songwriting; it's all in the production not the composition. Hardly any of this style of pop song would stand up very well if performed with solo guitar or solo piano. It needs all that studio production to be interesting ...
"Traditional arr. Team Katy Perry" a la Jimmy Page.
Modern pop music is so simple it ensures that you will have hundreds of so called new songs that sound a like. It's like you have a frig with only 3 different things to eat. You are going to run out of combinations really quickly
P L A G I O
Listening to Rick comparing two garbage-pop songs to each other is like listening to a master chef compare a Big Mac to a Whopper. It hurts man! I think that I'll go get a salad.
After seeing Perry false pride riding that 25 foot tall lion float like she was a bronco buster, acting like she wrangled and tamed this lion and she is the master of the human race. Pretty much teaching her audience all you have to do to rule is act like it. She knows exactly what she did and I hope that she harvests the full penalty of plagiarism and all of its Fringe. Yes, I'm being nasty. But I make original jewelry products out of my own method that no one else does. Given that I've resigned from my mother's company where I get no royalties and my products are still growing in sales and they have my name bound in copyright, but my patents are in my own name. YES I revel in laughter & victory at those who copy others and are unable to be original.
Katy Perry is a naturalist, I mean, she recycles a lot... ;-))) She and Bruno Marrs...
Saying that was inspired is not enough as they should compensate to her too! DAGNY could pursuit this legally.
No offense to the artists or writers, or people who like the song, but i can only sum up my feelings on this song as:  🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
wth
The problem here is both the songs sound like 50+ others in that awful pulp they churn out nowadays.
There are only eight writers Rick!... Zedd is dead baby, Zedd is dead..
6:21: "And then you hear the sucking sound..." -> I actually only hear "sucking" sounds on that bullshit song. LOL
Love your video's Rick
What song came out first
This is not the first time Katy Perry has done this, or even the most blatant case. She is "inspired" to write her own songs by the songs of others, just like Ray Parker Jr. was "inspired" to write the Ghostbusters theme by Huey Lewis' "I Want a New Drug."  See the Sara Bareilles song "Brave" to the Katy Perry's "Roar" (which came out several months later).
Rick you are a fucking legend! Continue with your videos! They really inspiring
Unbelievable how this stuff is pushed out to the music listening public, which is basically a bunch of kids listening to over-compressed, maximized music on inferior earbuds. Same lame chord progressions, no changes in choruses, no dynamics......what a shame. These "writers" only have one thing on their minds - how much $ can this crap make.
Awesome post, Rick! I have been writing, sequencing and producing songs for decades - everything from Al Stewart's "Year of the Cat" to Chris Rea's "Fool if you Think it's Over", and I pride myself on my ear's ability to pick up every passing note, but your ear and instincts are better than mine and I learn so much from your analysis. Keep up the great work, my friend.
Not the first time or the last for Katy Perry.  “Dark Horse” copied a Christian rap  Marcus Gray – professionally known as Flame – and two co-writers who claimed her 2013 hit was  from his and Lecrae's  “Joyful Noise”, which was released in 2008. Gray and Lecrae won.
I was just listening to a song called "Music Sounds Better With You" by Stardust in 1998 and it sounds like "California Girls"
Rick, I admire your largesse when it comes to appreciating all types of music and I agree with you that this is a good pop song which is well produced and well sung but I can't stand it!! Pop songs today are way too manufactured. One or two writers show craftsmanship at work. 9 writers for a song which they acknowledge as an inspiration smells of folks who can create good songs but can't create originality.
Write your own songs!
9 people to rip off a song. Such an achievement.
Just shows you these so called artists of today are a big joke... just like today's country stars ... only thing you need to be one is ... know a couple chords on the guitar , take a white Tee shirt rip the sleeves off, then where a cowboy hat... volia
Even if its well produced its still intellectual theft.
I love pop music. But I’m middle aged, and this modern pop music nowadays doesn’t sound very good to me. I’m not sure how to put it into words, but it sounds kind of boring and disjointed. The singers sound too whiny  Just after I watched this, I watched on YouTube “tales from the tour bus” about Jerry Lee Lewis, long before my time. All that 50’s rock n roll, Jerry Lee Lewis, Little Richard, Chuck Berry, it has like a vitality to it, a joy, it’s fast and exciting and upbeat. I think it’s much better music than these modern pop songs that try to be moody and serious
Great producers remain open to all different types of music.
The REAL problem here seems to be the dismissive view the modern music industry has of fans. "Hey - let's just duplicate that pop hit. Those people who love this music will not even notice or care. What a bunch of losers." The cheaper you can crank out the hits, the more money you can make. All the artistry is gone.
I doubt Katy knew anything about it. They probably just stick her in a booth with a mic, and say sing the words on this piece of paper. Then they shove her in a limo and ship her back to her mansion.
Katy keeps falling as her talent stilts get whittled down. Embarrassing. True artists write their own tunes, or do covers with respect.
Yeah I love this dude too
This is way contemporary pop music sucks...
they ALL ripped off Teenage Wasteland... Let's be real.
hahaha
This is a terrible song because there is no MELODY.  You remember Melody, don't ya?
I had to ask my wife what the song was, but I keep hearing Alison Moyet - Only You.
The problem with pop music is not that it may not be good here and there. The thing is that our current pop is so much LESS. If you turned on the radio in 1971 you'd hear a lot of very different stuff. There would be soul, blues, folk rock, hard rock, early metal, ballads, vocal groups, even instrumental music. Now it all feels the same. And as you just demonstrated, sometimes IT IS the same.
Dagny's version is the version id play on a lazy monday evening while Katy's is full on friday evening after the work is done for the week.
Katy Perry's song is totally contrived and lacks any Soul  I prefer the Dagny original version
The song "Breadfan" by the 70s band Budgie has been plagiarized in countless songs. David Bowie's "Fashion" makes an appearance in Puscifer's "The Underwhelming" in tribute to the icon. It happens, most don't get called out for it. Dagny's version is far better, conveys the creative energy of its inspiration. I am not impressed by what Katy has done with it. She'd have done better if she'd simply covered the original and been gracious enough to treat Dagny with the respect Katy would demand for herself.
I play harmonica and some day I hope Rick does a video that includes some harmonica.  Maybe Blues Traveler or Stevie Wonder?
I play harmonica and some day I hope Rick does a video that includes some harmonica.  Maybe Blues Traveler or Stevie Wonder?
What a total rip-off! That’s just  total bullshit! Legal thievery
The ultimate irony would be if Katy Perry's team now reported you at YouTube for ripping off her song by using it in your video ;-)
Listen to Sara Bareilles's Brave and Perry's Roar.
Tbh when u put them together sounds awesome but yea Katy is a rip off.
"Who wrote those two lines?" You have 9 guesses...
you my friend are my Yoda for understanding music theory through your analysis of songs, writers, and players. I'm a noob, but I have learned a lot from listening to your commentary.
Both Bubblegum crap!
sometimes I think he forgets he's an alien from another planet and humans dont get it
So it is not fair that you are  for you to judge  and be a hater
And she asked  for permission  soo she didn't  copy it or ell she  would have lost money  on it and gotten a copyright warning on it
Yall have no taste in music
Same key same tempo better song and lyrics  gone to katty perry  she totally did better
They gave the exact credit the were obliged to.  She was inspired by a cool song to write and perform a version in her own style, her superstardom made a relatively less known artists more recognized and more money. Their are examples where artists do not give proper credit to others, this is not one of them.   I also think there is a bias from against mainstream femal3 pop stars by us older rockers because our music was more counter cultural and rebellious.   Rock also used to be more exclusively male,  so a bit of misogyny may color the outrage a bit.
at Least Dagny got writing credits...
Well, let's be honest and say that ever since the 1-4-6m-5 pop chord progression mowed down everything in its way, all this stuff is really interchangeable. If Katy Perry's team had not used an identical *synth patchhhh* , this particular pair of twins would never have been spotted. I'd say it's to her credit that, knowing the similarity, she went ahead and made the record anyway AND gave credit unnecessarily.
I haven't watched the whole video yet so I don't know if it's mentioned but if it is, many commenters obviously missed it. This is not plagiarism in any way. Katy Perry's team contacted Dagny before "Never Really Over" was released and they did have her permission to use her material. So it's all perfectly legit. As for the nine credited songwriters, three of them, Dagny herself, Jason Gill and Michael Buzz are the co-writers of "Love You Like That" so it "only" took six people to rewrite it for Kate Perry. That still sounds like a lot of course but we don't know if they all actually contributed or not.
I feel like this guy brought up the negative energy to me.
Your remix could be a hit
Bottom line to all these girl singers. Target audience is 12 year old kids. They don't know any different. They don't know filet mignon from pig slop
Do Caribbean Queen and Billie Jean.
Who cares whether they sound the same. Both tunes sux. Unimaginative noise in search of a melody. Jut more proof how bad today's music has gotten.
Come on Katy Perry needs the money to get new wierder haircuts while staring at Sgt Pepper knowing its forever beyond her reach
c'mon beatso kate perry?
@10:11 - maybe it's a copy of Baba O'Reilly... and a bunch of other things.
I noticed all the heads and cabs wanted to get as far away from this song as they could.  Hugging the wall, "Please don't ask me to dance."
I love Never Really Over and it's so interesting to have an insight of its inspiration, and the information about where they got it is available for everyone to see, is not like they're hiding it. Also, the writers are all credited so this is nothing to shame katy about and i love the analysis you gave it!
My favorite part of this is that it took a room full of bozos to steal it.
I'd almost rather eat broken glass than listen this horseshit "music".
Boring, boring, boring. Definitely stolen from Dagny. Dagny should get the writing credit for the Perry song.
Video killed the radio star...if Dagny would have ripped off Katy Perry and the song assignment were switched, Katy Perry would still be much more popular
Weird algos.  I never liked you, never subscribed, don't know or like Mattie Perry... But your videos are recommended.
Rick your a goldmine of information thanks for walking us through another great song with lots of effects and tips.
It's Hairway to Steven all over again :)KD
This isn't the only song Katy stole. Ever hear "Eye of the Tiger"???? Katy surely has, maybe she listened to it too much. Check out Katy Perry's ROAR's chorus: I got the "EYE OF THE TIGER"... come on, think up your OWN lyrics folks!!!!  Oh, one more thing, you can only use one, TWO MAX cliches, not 10 in one song: bite my tongue, hold my breath, rock the boat, make a mess, I stood for nothing, so I fell for everything, floatin' like a butterfly, Stinging like a bee, I earned my stripes, I went from zero, to hero
Busteeeeddddddddd
Actually hard panning both songs and playing them at the same time makes a much more interesting mix than either on their own.
How the hell does it take thst many people to write a song that's basically the same 2 or 3 ideas repeated over and over again
Starbucks and Spotify....enough said-I'm outta here. LOL!!
Had never heard any of those songs before (including the 'Clarity' song) and it has confirmed what I have known all along: I am not missing out on anything at all. Rick, you are too kind...
I would looooove you to listen to "Ugly Heart" by GRL and then "Shout out to my Ex" by Little Mix, they are practically the same song... Little Mix seriously ripped off that song in every way... its crazy, you'd enjoy yourself.
Take all the pure covers that have ever been made and how many are universally preferred than the original, very few. It doesn't matter if you have an original piece of music to take from and basically make a new version of, it's hard to make a better version of a song. I think that is an interesting concept for music in general. Couldn't imagine it being done this well much
Doesn’t matter how you slice it. Stealing someone’s songs and making it better is still stealing someone’s song. The big stars should be praised for that. Sorry but I can’t give them credits for making a good rip off 🤦🏾‍♂️
Why aren't there lawsuits? Or did the already settle out of court?
Really nice video but I have a question. In your other video concerning Ed Sheeren's song 'Thinking Out Loud' and Marvin Gaye's 'Let's Get it On' you were not so convinced that Ed Sheeren copied Marvin Gaye. What is the difference in this case where it is an outright copy and the latter where it is not?
🤣🤣
both good songs.
Rick you like pop music yeah what's up with that LOL
Bayaa kalagot  Wala man jud gi COPY ni katy kay nananghid man siya plus lain raman ang lyrics nya gi dungagan ra ni katy og beays Bayaaaa suya ra basi ka kasy succesful na kaayo si katy nya ikaw tyaga tyga raka dras imong yt 🙄
Bro you’ve made a mash up 😂
But if you listen closely and realize the history of the chord pattern  sounds like "Baba o' Riley" by The Who
Jimmy Page was also often "inspired by" *cough copied* other artists...
uh oh katy and team 🙃🙃🙃 r u kidding me?  great review rick!
So... the secret to writing great music is to bring in 8 other writers?  Do you think that, maybe, if they'd hired another 3 or 4 writers, that would have pushed it over the top to Number One? Hey, it works in film. I was working on a stage-to-film project and all the make-up & costume artists disappeared from the project the 3rd week in, because they were all hired for "The Grinch" movie.  And, of course, it one for Make-Up & Costume Design, because half of Hollywood that votes in that category were on the project.
The annoying thing is dagny would really appreciate some royalties or support from an artist as big as Katy Perry. It’s pretty annoying tbh. Dagny has some amazing music yall should check it out (I personally adore her ultraviolet ep. She also sounds amazing live)
No DAGNYty
Love your videos!
Who gets the royalties?
Yep, complete rip-off! I agree with how the vocals sound pretty great though 😊
Love the marching snare in songs like this.
Great melody in the Chorus. About 20 successive B-flat notes. WTF is wrong with the songwriters who do that? I've heard this in more songs. No doubt's I'm just a girl also does this in the beginning of the chorus on the F-sharp note. There may be different chords under it to make it not be completely boring, but I prefer more notes.
9 people where needed to write a mediocre song.
I HATE those screeching “every one sounds the same” pop VOX.  Something is always missing from their even self-described “bubblegum” tracks.  The rhythm is cool for the genre but I could “hear” it sung by a more listenable vocalist, even Gaga has a much richer voice without the screech.  As far as 9 people writing the song, it’s probably that they credited the various people who laid down a line or part of a line and thereby dispersed the blame.
Rick, your ear is and the ability to break any song down as you do is epic.
The honest million dollar question is would Katy Perry have a hit song if the original song didn't exist?  Most of the world would say probably not , because when you have all of the tools to make it whatever you want or the people who write the songs for you have the tools to change it a little and one get millions and the other is not anywhere close .. Now we know why there are no real POP Musicians , this is almost as Bad as Stealing the Joe Satriani song to make a song ... Wow !!!!!!!
9 people to write and produce a song that sounds very much like another song is sad beyond words.
yikes hope she got some cash
I think you give these songs too much credit. Sometimes ideas are so simple, so clichéd, so plebian...that you can no longer claim that plagiarism occurred. It would be like claiming a blues song was plagiarism because after the I and IV, they then went to the V.
How much of this track is sampled and sequenced?
Modern pop music is like a turd falling in my drink
Saccharine trash.  Vapid Hollow and uninspired... I cannot understand how anyone other than the 12 year old girl could listen to this stuff.  It's no wonder most of these artists live with a toe on the trigger.  Same goes for dude bro country and mumble c-rap.  Book of Love by Peter Gabriel or Hallelujah are what love song should sound like.
Sweet and compelling song.  Good that the Katy Perry team chose the route of collaboration with the Dagny team.  That was the right decision.
"It's like the Who"-- Baba O'Reilly popped into my head right when you played that chord progression lol.
I can't even go on youtube Without even checking Rick Beato
Jet's "Are you gonna be by girl" is just "Iggy Pops" Lust for Life without any coolness.
add Savage Garden - I Want You & you have the full ripoff...
I honestly heard the sucking sound the entire time
omgggg its the sameee katy why did do that
It wasn't stolen or lifted, just duplicated. It's the eventual outcome of DIGITAL "artists, writers, producers" pretending they understand theory (what makes music unique). -These people can use only what they've HEARD as a track, then add a professional singer. I'm not surprised at all, this is very, VERY common...
Ableton allows for repitching when warping bpm without a VST
Funfact, Dagny is from Norway😎🇳🇴🇳🇴🇳🇴😍
Rick is going to get hired by the legal teams in court to sue these "superstars" who keep stealing lesser stars' songs.
There's a kind of innocence to musicians who write their own songs because those are the kind of songs they like, rather than those who recieve songs to perform from their record label, or who write songs that are mainly meant to sell rather than be loved.
6:30 kind of sounds like Katy Perry singing Taylor Swift too. I don't hate modern music, but I do get the feeling there's a lot of old dudes behind mixing desks doing most of the work, and to steal a quote from Buffy: "Music played by people chosen for their ability to dance".  Maybe KP and TS aren't he best examples of that, but a lot of modern pop is more about how the people look and what sad life story they've overcome than their originality or musicality. Damn you Simon Cowell.
none of these new artists write their own songs, there's a group of about 20 people that are writing all the pop songs these days
This happens A LOT. Large studios and famous artists steal or buy other people's music, songs, or both all the time.
you nailed it Rick. I really like your thoughts and insights and how the music was written 👌👍👍👍👍👍👍💯💯💯💯
It’s like the example of Nikki Minaj and Tracy Chapman. Steal first, no matter what.... and deal with the possible fallout after.  Or maybe “Heaven is a place on Earth” inspired by “Living On A Prayer.” Lol.
Wouldn't be the 1st time Katy Perry stole a song. She stole from Sara Barilles a while ago too.A "well done pop song" is not a high water mark especially in the 2000s.
i enjoyed that right/left headphone back and forth
I prefer Toto.
Compare Do Doubt/Gwen Stefani’s “Hella Good” bassline to Don Blackman’s “Deaf Hook-up Connection” no
similar rhythm to Taylor Swift - Style
So it takes extra songwriters to steal a song?
What’s sad here is Perry should have just sung the Dagny song, but her way with a few new verses and her unique way of singing the chorus.    It would make a lot more sense than trying to say they wrote a whole new song but still had to pay royalties-unless this was an outright steal and they got caught and played the damage control game.
check out Sara Bareilles Brave vs Katy Perry Roar.. almost the same some
Saying "I like pop mvsik" means more mvsik to enjoy.  How can that possible be wrong?
Stole eye of the tiger also. Not surprised
Amazing video, Sensei Beato! You have no clue how much you inspire!🤘🤘
Copyright strike!
Yea ..This doesn't surprise me at all. After all we are talking about a sub- human that evicts Nuns from their home and place of worship without blinking her fake eyelashes. Fake is what this is fake and fraud like behavior using her hired help to do it.
Maybe Katy inspired Dagny’s bank account?
9 writers???
I could watch Rick all day. Wish I had his talent
Katy Perry is such a hot woman! :D
I wrote a song called, Yesterday My Love Was Very Very Very Far Away. It was inspired by the Beatles; especially the chord arrangement. You should hear my song BlackBirds singing in the Daylight.
Baba O' Riley inspired several pop songs nowadays. "Best Song Ever" by One Direction and now, THIS??
Katy Perry is a hack. She know's music enough to know that she copied the song, almost beat for beat. She is in the music business isn't she? Sad how the mighty in the music business could stoop so low.
Wait till Rick finds out about his beloved Led Zeppelin and a whole bunch of rip-off songs that never ever thought about crediting the original writers.
is that a Marshall Silver Jubilee you've got back there? nice!
Ok throw a 3rd song into the mix, listen to Cherry Cola by Savage Garden and it's similar
I'm confused. Is this a video of Rick explaining how Katy Perry copied this song but how he likes the song more than the original? That's one hell of a message your putting out there Rick.
less  katey more dagney,,   why is dagney having to share credit , she mined the song
I wonder if this is the kind of thing that's behind the first song in which I ever (unknowingly) heard Katy Perry. That song was Goodbye For Now by P.O.D., and for YEARS I had no idea that the trollop I soon thereafter heard singing about kissing a girl and liking it was the one singing at the end of the former, possibly because P.O.D. is a Christian or quasi-Christian band.  The song's chorus goes  "When will we sing A new song A new song"
Absolutely love him.  And I can’t sing or play a note.    You have made so much accessible to us tin ears!   Thank you.
Dagny has writers credit. End.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I had so much fun with this video, amazing Rick, you the best!
why would you need to copy another song?  you can easily listen to a song and then write one in the same spirit but make it your own.  i have done that many times and i know the all time greats do the same.
I just assume every new song is a ripoff of another song at this point.
Sounds like a baby dribbling and blowing bubbles
Maybe instead of saying “this is a well done pop song”  you should say this is well plagiarized. Maybe it took only one  to copy Dagney’s song, another to realize they will get sued and loose all the revenue, a third to dream  up the idea to offer the original writers writing credits  and the other 3 to agree  on their plan.
When is the 'Clarity' episode coming? That is something I'd really love to see dissected.
I’m so glad you agree with the cringe lyrics of “I can’t even go on the internet, without even checking your name” this is a phenomenal song but those lyrics ruin it a little bit. But besides that. This is a HIT SONG!
Nine people and this is the best you can do.  This is why we are at the Zenith of the Golden Age of metal, and the Nadir of the Age of Gutter Pop that means nothing, says nothing, and contains nothing of value.
You think that this is an egregious ripoff? Check out Kelly Clarkson's Heartbeat Song and then Jimmy Eat World's the Middle...you'll see what I mean. Another one, check out the Creaky Boards song The Songs I Didn't Write, and then Coldplay's Living La Vida...Um, What? And rumor is Chris Martin was at their concert a year plus before Viva La Vida came out.
I loved the way you used the-Elastc - Audio plug in , to hook them up right next to each other, ....Dude your over there doin CSI. Forensics on these recordings and you are 100 % correct,  But man that would be harsh if they lifted that and made millions on it as a #1 hit and wrote that message ,...we just want you to know ,..your song ...(such & such) , inspired us greatly in the creation of our song....and didn’t share the rewards or credit. I guess we’d be surprised how many songs have been lifted and shined up into a sharper sounding version. Awesome Video.
This is one of those times when I really really would know what this sounds like with 2 ears. Been deaf in one ear as far as I can remember! That left speaker\right speaker thing got me in the feels a little
I just can’t stand listening to that kind of music. They all sound the same boring thing to me.
Half a hour later,Rick is dancing around drunk to Katy Perry "set me free" style .. )
The long list of total rip offs i could mention is un real , but what annoys me the most, is that majority of teens or younger audience these days will  be oblivious and applaud all the credit to the copy cat
Since pop music makes very little sense to me (my problem) I found myself pretty confused as to which was which after a minute...
Love this song so much 💖
AI creation,  never wrote anything, boom!
7:33 "I love pop music, I really do" - bobs head back and forth. This moment was so pure and funny. Reminds me of me in the car listening to the radio
oh well never really over😍
All those people and no one could figure out an original song 🎵?
I don't get the indignation.  The KP team said they liked the song, made a version of it, and gave writing credit to the original writers.  It wasn't a full-on cover version, but was very close.  I'd rather save my indignation for Johnny Cash and "Folsom Prison Blues".
RICK...I CAN'T EVEN GO ON THE INTERNET WITHOUT EVEN CHECKING YOUR NAME !!
You should do a mix of the two together. Lining them up on the chorus was super cool and really fun.
Katy Perry is a perfect example why popstars nowadays are just hollow products without real personality or special talent. She's not even a very good singer - just a face and an image that's marketable.
Stop snitching!! 😂😂😂😂
You don't need any talent to rip off someone elses song. The fact they contacted the original artists and writers means they knew exactly what they were doing and to pre-empt a law suite, shared writing credits. But the 2nd group of writers didn't write anything except change the lyrics and different production. That's the music business. 2nd rate artists singing 3rd rate songs, produced by computerised chancers.
They rip off music all the time kinda sad 😭 did you know that originally System of A Down used digital drums on the song Toxicity and trained that John dude to play it, that's why on the original music video the drummer looks animated true story the producer was Rick Rubin and he is known to do shady stuff....
Sounds like teenaged wasted land to me
Singing is good song writing is not good!
I think it is a total rip off. I think you should write music for some of these new artists.
How many Pop song writers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Like 9 and nobody seems to have any f****** idea why
1:15 passionate singing indeed
the lyrics and lyric timing is the difficult part of this simple electronic piece.  that said, almost everything produced,  can be inspired, either accidentally,  or as in this case, deliberately
Love you like that is a damn good song.
I don't know Perry but I have heard very liberal 'borrowing' from many artists.  Ol' Stewball was a racehorse.
You re HUGE dude..
artists(which i use LOOSLY) today have 0 talent, they use other peoples work and use auto tune to sound OK AT BEST!  todays generation of artists are TRASH, ALL OF THEM!
Both tracks suck.  Lol.
Another one: Sarah Bareilles “Brave” and KP’s “Roar”! Maybe someone should investigate all “her songs”!
Rick Beato "It's really unbelievable."   No Rick it is not.  It is completely believable.
So Katy Perry does not write her music or lyrics herself and she hardly sings herself either, but still she is called a great artist? Make sense ...
Dagny is a damn underrated artist and songwriter. That girl is genuine, unlike the majority of all artists from the United States, where everyone both looks the same and sounds the same. In addition, only a few artists can sing live nowadays. It's something Dagny and her voice do damn well.
Really! I immediately heard "Baba O'Reilly"
......I hear a lawsuit brewing..................
Yep, that video really proved that I've placed my right channel speakers on the left side and vice versa...  Otherwise - a great video, as always.
This doesn't surprise me at all. It happens often in the music industry
I wonder if 20 years from now, when the loudness craze is over (god please) maybe someone will remaster some of these tinny, compressed songs and pull some actual depth and beauty out of them.
i stopped at "Never Really Over" was better song...
Katy Perry began her career as a music screener for Taxi. She got to hear lots and lots of good and terrible songs before she got famous herself. Just saying ....
9 people.
hahaha I said exactly "is like The who"...   I appreciate you (for lack of... in my life). Liked and subscribed (actually long before this).
The 9 again...
Ask Jill Sobule how she feels about "I Kissed A Girl".
Thanks for the video! I’m a church chorist but don’t feel guilty about my liking pop music too.
George Harrison got sued and had to pay big money for My Sweet Lord. To put it bluntly, he did what everyone in rock has done at one time or another: get behind some familiar phrasing and extend it to make it his own. John Lennon did it too with old flat top. Brian Wilson had to pay Chuck Berry for ripping off the 3 chord progression and phrasing for Surfin' USA. They all paid big money and these wharf rats can do that to another artist without conscience? Oh, and paid her what? - a COMPLIMENT? This is big machinery driven by Katy Perry. You think she came up with identical phrasing by natural talent? Yeah she did. When they said "Katy can you imitate Dagny here? It's too good not to steal." Blame it on the 9 writers. No, this is the Dark Element of sleazy thieves.
Nine writers to come up with a crap song
It's not Baba O'Reilly?  It lifts the trademark main chords.  I think it is.
she did the same thing with Roar which was a copy of Brave
It’s like a bell ringing
if only the tempo and chords are the same but the lyrics and the melodies of the voice aren’t.. then it’s not the same song! And therefore you cant call it copying
Law & Order: Criminal Harmony
I've been ripped off multiple times.  Mostly as a composer.  One time: for a major TV show theme song down to the melody, arrangement and chord changes.  Tried to hire a lawyer and they declined immediately when they saw what they were up against.  They told me I was screwed.
I was with you until clarity. That is not a good song
We need an entire video of your nonverbal communication..."Italian Gesticulation". I got that off wikipedia.
Rick: "Can you actually have a melody that's one note?"  Jobim: "Hold my beer."
Why hasn't someone scooped up Rick Beato from VH1 or MTV or HBO to do a series on music!!!!  I don't get it.  He has to be the most compelling, entertaining, well-informed, a generally cool guy to present such material!  With a few co-writers and some guest appearances, he could be the Jon Stewart of contemporary music scene!
No, Katy Perry is not good produced. She is a total garbage as many of the today music business first and no music at all.
Rick, you should do a segment on rock history plagiarism. It would be revealing to show how bands like the Allman Brothers, Led Zeppelin, Rolling Stones, Boston etc. not only copied the music arrangements of others but also verbatim lyrics of previous artists while giving those artists zero credit. In some cases they did so simply because the copyrights of the original songs had expired. While it is true and fair to say that many artists have been inspired by their predecessors which is ok, there are instances where the copies were quite blatant.
I thought i’d hear your take on Dagny but i guess not. It’s definitely Dagny’s song for me. The lyrics just hit home for me.
Did Katy Perry copy it, or was it her handlers?
Perry has not a nice voice. She is only mechanic and loud
I would have never picked up on that. Because I would have immediately changed the station as soon as either song began.
Her hollering is not singing I’d rather have my toenails pulled out with pliers than have to listen to her “sing”
never say katy perry sounds like The Who, ever again..
Its big business, corporate and all about money.  Rick, I thought you were a cool rock dude, but I can see you there in the disco dancing away to this
Vanilla ice was just laughable
One reason I don't like Katie Perry or this autotuned modern crap.
Rick, What  about making  What Makes This Song of 80's Great?  three are so much great melodies.
I really enjoy your videos!
Those songs are highly polished turds to be honest. I can't really stand more than 1 bar from their chorus parts.
busted!
You’re the man, Rick 💯
They're both bad songs.
A kind of random comment on Rick's videos but: every (respected) musician I know  is a fan of Rick Beato. We didn't recommend him to each other but when we talk we all reference him. Keep it up!!!!
I love how much you love music. Your passion is infectious. I find myself doing the same music analysis when driving late at night, such great fun
Man your like the Kojak of music lol.
Oh come on this was done on purpose!!! Lame
The combo is WAY more interesting either song!
Music appreciation was never this much fun in college!
When you say Katy's song is "really well produced", I have to say that it is "overproduced" and this is why we no longer have wonderfully creative songs like we had in earlier years.  I am so tired of formulaic non music.  I'd rather listen to one Vinnie Colaiuta track than a million quantized drum machines.  This crap is bubble gum for non thinking people.
Best Song Ever by One Direction also stole from that same The Who song.
I love your channel. Would you ever consider tearing down songs that are more extreme metal. Like for instance black metal. I am just curious your thoughts and less conventional genres of music
I like this, kinda thing, I hate people who copy others. Here is a thing that lots don't know. Check out the voice of Lene Lovich's song on " Say When ". It's so Qwen Stefani. the "Say When" is so Gwen. Is it wrong or right ? musics one thing, voice is different. you decide. Few people know who Lovich is, ... so i guess it's ok.
Music these days is complete shite. All copies of old school songs. Where has the creativity gone? Nothing new has really been done in the last 20 years.
Girls don't have falsetto.
I will say, after learning Katy's version was basically Dagny's with different lyrics--I checked Dagny out.  And I fell in love.  Dagny is amazing.
Who wrote the line "cause I can't even go on the internet without even checking your name" you ask? Zedd. 100% sure. He is born in Russia but was raised in Germany. And he used the word even like the German word "eben". Possible but not even a good writing style in german
Steve Miller=Gouda..........Katy Perry et al=Velveeta........
Thank you for introducing me to Dagny ! :D I actually prefer the Dagny version now :0
One note melody?  How about Rap ... the one note music genre?
Rick, you groovin and enjoying on this song is such a funny grand dad vibe ! Love it! Thx for what u do
Katy Perry isn't creative, she's a  marketing genius to a gullible generation.    Unfortunately packaging and  marketing is where the big bucks are.    I think Philo Farnsworth and Nikola Tesla   would agree.
ah, the insular world of pop.
Ha!  Wow.
I listen to Paul McCarthy and that's all. Hate computer generated music
This is why I say the pop/hip hop music today sounds like it was written/composed by maybe two or three of the same people.
Awesome
So what your saying is..... It's a cover song!
Oh,. and isn't there a Savage Garden song with some similarities? I can't remember the title at the moment but the quick section with the quick vox sounds the same.
I'm sorry but Katy used this song as a sample to "Never Really Over", the girl who sings "Love You Like That" listened to Katy's version and approved it. I think you should've researched more about it.
George Harrison should've picked up on this little trick on, My Sweet Lord.
"Zedd's dead baby.  Zedd's dead"....couldn't pass that up
This song sounds so robotic with no soul. Good production can't fill that void.
Why not just do a cover of the original track?
Creating is just remaking and remixing things that have already done plus some.
Very interesting , as always Rick. How do you know if a song is a bit overproduced, I wonder. Keep ‘em coming Rick. Cheers
9 writers - one per musical note in the scale, plus two accidentals (or two alternates).  Each note had full coverage! :-)
That's fucking sad.  This is not any kind of creative expression or drive to make something beautiful, this is just  - cash cherry picking.
Seems like it would take at least 9 people to make Katy Perry any good, but I'm anti pop unless its teenage Asians that dance in sync then forget it
Too funny. Your shows are really good Rick.
The Beatles never wrote the same song once.
Ok so this whole video is to prove that they gave credit to the creator Dagny?? Ummmmm 👌
Thanks for Providing the Stereo Test.... iAm happy to report that iHooked up mine speakers properly.
I never fail to learn something when I visit your pages :)
Tame Impala thievery of motown formula.
When I was in junior high I was inspired by my dad's change jar.
Today I learned:  everyone's stealing from The Who.
I can't believe how much credit she still gets, as an artist. She is nowhere near Christina Aguilera, as a singer, or Pink, as an entertainer, and I will even say she has nothing on Brittany, or Ashley Simpson. Just sayin.
Good job Rick! Thank you for exposing these... "artists".
We see this too many times in this "Business", Another classic example is The Rolling Stones vs KD Lang (sic) "Constant Craving has SUCH a GREAT Chorus, there's no reason why we can't "borrow" it-She's just some weirdo from CANADA-NO ONE WILL KNOW!" Now, of course I'm being facetious, here, but still...This is similar to an anecdote a friend related to me when she was dating the original guitarist from Marilyn Manson. She told MM one night that all he was doing was ripping off Alien Sex Fiend. He shot her a look of disbelief and asked " how OLD are you?!!" She was only a few years older than his main demographic. She argued back that he was underestimating not only the musical intelligence of his fans, but also the quality and influence of the music he was SUPPOSEDELY inspired by, assuming it existed in vacuum that no one else would have ever heard!  Bigger international artists (I use that term loosely) have often pilfered works by lesser known artists from other (smaller) countries, or other time periods, ignorantly assuming they have been forgotten. I'm NOT talking about "Cultural Appropriation" here! This is just good ole fashioned David vs Goliath plagiarism. Grrr!!
Seems like it takes 9 top producers to take an existing song and change it slightly.
Damn he's like the Anthony Bourdain of music reviews 😅🙌
Sorry can't agree with you about that record being the best in the last ten years. Louis Capaldi's song writing and singing is great. He's a  young Scottish guy. If you haven't listened,  I highly recommend him.
Yet another reason I hate pop music and the current structure of having 9 "writers" and 13 "producers" on a pop song.  I'm done.   (insert Grandpa Simpson shaking his fist at a cloud .gif here)
Great job Rick.  Love how you break it down and make it understandable for people like us who love music, but aren't huge music theory nerds.
The thing Katy Perry does so well is bring emotion to a song by the way she bends the notes in her vocals. The part right before the one-note chorus, but also she inflects that one note piece throughout as well.  It comes through here in a similar way to what she did on Wide Awake.
If I was a DJ I would be stealing that mix
What I really like here is to watch how Rick really likes pop music. That make us two!
Dagny track is better
atleast they paid the original writers and named them
Ship of Theseus.
And thats makes the song great! (the analysis)
Hi Rick, THIS IS FOR THE KIDS OF TOMORROW! Thank you for the time you put in to breaking down music from the classics through todays Pop. I have always considered myself one that appreciates Music, but the next level of how you EDUCATE on why the music is well produced, written and performed by very talented artist makes me want to listen to the songs more and appreciate them more. Not that you would want this, but you should have your own show on PBS teaching The Art of Creating Music. You are my Bob Ross for Music and my kids that are 10 & 12 love watching you explain the process and I enjoy watching them appreciate more of my favorites from the past.
"Starbucks"? Ouch, their coffee blows. Sooooooo overrated. Wawa, Rutters, Turkey Hill or Royal Farms is coffee. It's all because of the water. Or as it is known around here, the "wooder". If you ever get too the East Coast, brews on me big daddy. Other then that, great channel Rick.
I'm not very happy when I see that there is no caption in the video ... Please, Rick. Do it on all of them!
I don't even see the difference between most new pop songs!
“We were really inspired...” to not get sued. Haha
Should be Dagny's song...listed as (Katy Perry edit).  Hope she got paid.
In actuality though, artists have been copying, covering and modifying the songs of other artists for so long now though. No one ever complained when Johnny Cash covered songs from other artists.
*Never Really Over.  Yeah, it's over...over-produced.*
Please review and compare " Flame joyful noise Vs Katy Perry Dark Horse "
I get what Rick is saying, but really it's overproduced.  All I hear is the Bum Bum Bum beat that's way too loud and the nails on a chalkboard barking of Katy Perry. When Rick played the chords on the piano, I was like "That's not too bad" but then he turned on the song and back to "Ow!  My ears!"
Thanks !
Same situation with Camilla cabello.. my oh my... and Tierra Sur - Llaman a la puerta .. Rick review this too... she stole the song the exact same way!!
Don’t waste your talents analyzing crappy music Rick, you are better than this drivel
It’s Intervention time Rick.
These 'teams' of writers are simply plagiarists. There's no writing going on anymore-face it...it's over.
I completely missed what Katie Perry is all about.
who the fuck is Dagny?
Also sounds like 30 seconds into Baba O’Riley.
Katy Perry's music video "Roar" saved my life.
I mean, this is sampling all about. What’s with the drama?
9 people and they can’t write an original song? Lol
Thief!
Does she get a copyright strike???? Lol 😆
This song isn't really anything except a catchy hook (that they stole from a better singer). I can see why you like it for the production value but I can't say I have any respect for this song purely based on merit.
As a man who clearly knows his music - I don’t know how you can listen to pop music without becoming a vegetable. It’s just complete trash.
Proof that "originality" is (often) how well you hide the source...
Sigh.... I'm an old person who hears this stuff and can't figure out what it is that people can tolerate about it.  Really, I get that making these records takes real skill, and that what's left of the Human {?} singing is pretty good, but I guess I'm figuring out that I'm not at all interested in music that isn't being played in real time {at least kind of} by an ensemble. It just feels like a video game or something. I mean, is there any human interaction here? At all? 9 writers, and one computer and some soft synths.. God bless their little hearts. Love the channel, man. Thanks for doing the work.
Savage Garden - 'I Want You' over 2 decades ago. Hear any inspiration and similarities there?
We love the music snobs in the comments, never change ❤
This happens far more often than many people realize.
Dagny has better lyrics, but I would prefer if there was more variation in the vocal tones, but then again I'm not a huge pop fan.
Your version mixed together sounds pretty damn good. You’d think you do this for a living or something...
I loved what makes you beautiful by one direction... I thought it was a pop punk song played by musicians..... I’d still love to hear it played by a 4pce or 5pce rock band.
The Dagny track (in my opinion) is far more pleasing and fun to listen to. The harmonizing is wonderful and exciting^^,
8 writers: I cAn'T EvEn Go On ThE InTeRnEt WiThOuT EvEn ChEcKiNg YoUr NaMe
Katy's voice makes me wish I was deaf.
If that isnt a rip off, you could blend the two songs, making a third song and suffer no consequences (just remember to email Danny and Perry to let the know you were really inspired by their song)
One of my demos was plagiarised a few years back that went on to be a no.1 hit in US & UK. My demo was written 4 years before hand. Anyway I was told by musicologists that it could be a coincidence and that I should not pursue it, but there were too many similarities for it to be a coincidence. You can play them on top of each other. The song was ‘These Days’ Rudimental, mine was ‘Just One Day’. The music industry is filled with people stealing creatives ideas. Makes me sick, and sad for us who actually come up with new ideas. Great vid bro, very on point. 👉🏼🎹
i dunno im not really surprised lol music gets ripped off all time...
yeah but immortal flame is the best song ever.
I thought Baba O'Riley at the start of the video, so great you mentioned it. Not a fan of the production of these songs, too much audio processing (and nine (re)writers?!) Although there are a few decent new songs nowadays, I still think music peaked 1965-1995, and I was born in the middle of that time. But, I've heard Jessie Ware's latest and think it's great (and I can't believe I'm saying that!)
9 people to put together this? How many people would take to write "Atom earth mother" nowadays? 16500?
I think it was B. They heard the Dagny song and tried to make it better. If Robin Thicke can be sued by the Gaye family over "Blurred Lines" in relation to Marvin's "Got to give it up." Dagny's got the same thing going here.
I love what you are doing Rick. Current pop (and hip hop) just keeps ticking on without anyone accomplished taking the time to dissect the music, the writing, the compositions themselves, and highlight for the public what is good and what is not so good (and what is manufactured crap)...making music and tastes change, but being a critical consumer and listener is what music as an art form is all about (in addition to its obvious emotion expressive power). Keep doing what you do. Maybe if you do it long enough expectations may start to increase in the popular genres that consistently get a pass for making cliche music for corporate media.
She's been caught lip syncing for years.  I hate pop music.
Rick I love the way you "Nail" things your musicality is unquestionable - great job! ..love your channel man awesome!!!
I always love watching musical ppl like yep, a major, 123, b blah blah .   What chu goin’ on about man 😂😂   Respect
"Pop stars' dont make thier own music. ALL copied older music or newish music. Lazy
The one note melody reminded me of savage garden's i want you
Rick's comments are a school of songwriting class. Appreciate his knowledge.
100% theft exposed.  I'm a visual artist and see this all the time.  This is theft.  It's not "inspired by", it's not derivative, it's not similar, it is direct theft for money.  Shame on Katy and the entire Perry camp who "wrote" this song.  What bullshit.  Good job exposing them.  Will anything come of it?  Likely not.  In the least, Dagny got a new fan and Katy lost whatever little respect she had.
She was also "inspired" by Sara Bareilles for her song 'Roar'
I bet Dagney got a slice of the pie!
Since the beginning of music publishing and prior going back to classical music from 100's of years ago composers have been mimicing and embellishing on previous artists works. Elvis ,Led Zeppelin and the Rolling Stones have done plenty of this,lifting word for word lyric lines and cord progressions to "re-invent" a composition. Michael Jackson confessed to Darryl Hall that Billy Jean was "lifted" from the opening groove of "I Can't Go For That". I hope you don't mind he followed. It is all fare game in the world of popular music. The problem arises when money is involved. Look at the predicament John Rafferty ended up in for sounding "too much like himself"
Keep up the good work
Rick, that’s a terrible song that room 8 people to copy, and it’s still terrible.
Zedd has his issues of taking credit for songs he didn’t write as well. The one that Maren Morris sings. “Meet Me in the Middle”.
Perry also just smashed the super tonic in that song.  So done.
kodachrome by sg and peacekeeper by fm
I'm waiting for your tell-all video about how Nirvana stole the exact riff from the Killing Joke song "80s"" - and used it for "Come As You Are."  Then, you can dish on how Rod Stewart lifted "Forever Young" from a Bob Dylan song by the same name. Or how The Yardbirds toured with a guy named Jake Holmes who had this song called Dazed And Confused . . . yes, with that same descending bassline . . . and Holmes went uncredited for more than a decade. Or do you YouTube commentators only dish on Katy, Billie and Taylor, i.e. the shortcomings of female artists?
Just when I thought you were a genre-specific classic rock guy you bust out analysis of a contemporary pop song.  I love it!  So many people of a certain age say music now sucks and isn't as good as it was when they were young.  We should analyze why this is or isn't true. I love the idea of comparing and contrasting what a pop song is versus a rock song, what makes a song great no matter its category or age.  I think Zedd is a great producer and yes, that song Clarity is awesome.  Great work!
Sorry Rick, but I have to agree with you. Dance/ Pop: What is wrong with you?
The melody vocals on the chorus are also worth mentioning. The exact same melody and pattern on the same parts.
Great vid! Love your breakdowns on songs. Thanks for all you do!
Thats why music sucks today
Bruh, Daniel James, should focus on his football rather then music tbh
I don’t know either of these songs but I knew when you said Dagny copied Katy Perry that it would end up being the other way around.  Typical of people in the music industry now.
You always know there is going to be an issue with an artist "following a little too closely" when other people can independently pick it out without you telling them.
Pop music... there must be 1trillion musics just like that.
Like Rick said, "it took 9 people to write this song"?? Clearly, outright copied, other than the words. They knew it. That's why I don't listen to today's music. It all sounds the same. Same beat, lyrics and melodies. One of my beefs is the same lyrics over and over and over... It's like brainwashing. Ugh!
The songs were actually better when played alongside eachother in elastic mode :D
I love the way you make me think about music x
Come on she needed a hit to stay in game
I don't see issue here, the lawyers contacted the original writer and she got her credits ( therefore a cut of the royalties ). Both parties where happy.
...and that's why modern pop music is a steaming pile of excrement.
9 song writer just had one job. they where partying all week. then the deadline came up. And starts ripping off another song.
thank you Rick you are 10 out of 10
How to make the most money for the most amount of people with the least amount of work?  You just explained it.
Today's talent for ya. 9 out of 10 write the same music. Supports the old sayings about the lack of originality today. My opinion at least.
man you are A legend! love ya
“it’s like the who” lmao talk about plot twist!
Dark Horse is a ripoff of a Lecrae song
The Dagny song is so much better. I don't like overproduction.
Also has a reminiscence of Baba O'riley progression...!!!
Leaving a comment...it's very important.
I have to say I could write better lyrics ..both songs seem trashy manufactured transient rubbish of no worth, not worth discussing
I kind of like the mash-up of the two, like they completely are the same song, but played together with the tempo matched compliment each other a lot.
there all copycats is why they all suck in the music industry 👎👍
I love this man ... just so great.
pop music rocks!))
Copycats are artist not musicians. As in the art of stealing.
She also ripped off Sara Bareilles Brave with her Roar song
So inspired the felt like copying it lol!
Aren't there so many writers because publishing is the only way to get paid anymore? 10% of album sales = $0 so producers, etc. get a writers share?
What a weird coincidence I'm listening to a VA anjubaneats chill session trance set and clarity was one of the last songs i heard before i watched this video.
Give it a few more years and you will not need Katy Perry singing, it'll all be done in the box. That will take care of the middle man.
I think it’s great that you’re actually giving good feedback on these songs which is something I wouldn’t be able to do because to me all these pop songs sound the same. Everything on the radio sounds the same, it’s just very dead and overproduced music.  There are many great new artist out there however, and thankfully tiny desk introduces me to a lot of them.
4:11 got me lol As a classical musician, what I personally don’t like about most pop songs is that they sound incredibly pretentious with those pseudo climaxes and developments. And I tend in this case to think the “initial inspiration” song more likeable, because it’s a more naturally developed as an idea. Thanks, Mr. Beato, for showing the cool stuff  in both songs!🙏🏼💎🎶
The Anthony Bourdain of pop music analysis
She also stole the Dark Horse song from a Christian song Joyful Noise
Maybe the two songs were made to been play together
"Electropop, dance-pop, steady bubblegum and house beat". Who comes up with this nonesense. Could use bit more aspartame. People are so inspired these days =)
Also sounds similar to, CHVRCHES - Leave A Trace.
Kind of shameful, seems pretty obvious to me with that amount of "songwriters" credited on the Perry version that they used different lyrics in order to not pay all the royalties to the real writer Dagny.  At least they didn't try to leave Dagny out, but still pretty shameful and sad.
The original is still so much better!
I am now listening to everything Dagny has created. Its very very good stuff...
I thought this was going to criticize Katy Perry and her team but it ends up appreciating the song. I like Rick’s honesty.
Zedd has worked with Dagny before
Can't stand Katy Perry. Never heard of Dagny but I like her version better.
All pop modern music is copies of themselves. Useless crap.
Man. You could produce just learning from these videos
Welcome to modern production my brotha
Billions of songs, every song at this point is literally a ripoff.  Copyrighting chord progressions.....
If Katy loved Dagny's song so much, she should just do a cover and pay Dagny more proper royalties. With 9 songwriters, Dagny would probably be getting peanuts for this ripoff.
interesting how a musician doesn’t know what a interpolation is... did you know that part of the royalties of never really over go to the people who made love you like that?
Superstition was written by one person. One! Oh, and the same guy played clavinet, drums, moog bass and sang it as well. We’ll be listening to that one for generations to come.  ;)  Love yr vids Rick.
Thank you for making these videos. You make music understandable and your love of music is contagious. Subscription + 1
I like both of those to be fair.  The lyrics can’t be worse then “we built this city” 🤣
And now K3 coppied a song that had coppied the original song
Damn busted I bet she feels like a plastic bag drifting through the wind now
The Dagny song is passable. The Katy Perry song is just garbage. That's why they are not the same song :D
Now do Katy stealing Roar from Sara Bareilles’ Brave.
Katy as 2 very nice talents...it's not singing nor dancing
Great break down. And love your enthusiasm. 😃 I prefer the original version.
Katy Perry's signing tone is so obnoxious.  It astounds me that people listen to her music.
And both songs sucked, but I guess it all depends on what particular demon was being summoned that particular day that makes the difference
Rod Stewart's "Some guys have all the Luck" paired with Frogman Henry's "Ain't Got no Home".  ------  These comparisons, as 'songs' you've cited? These aren't necessarily the most important or lowest hanging fruit. Keep it coming. Aim higher, and stir the pot more and get more people fighting...yay it's the end of the world...! zzz
Nine people to write a song that's a copy. Really? I guess that's talent.
This is what you get for drinking Starbucks!!    :D
You dissecting this rip off as a "great song" 🤨 You have a VERY different definition (from many) of what a great song is.  Too much and AS I'm typing this you compare this pop hack to THE WHO?!  I'm a massive pop music fan but you seem to be 💋 .
Thanks Rick.....when you played the two song simultaneously, you made me realize my stereo speakers hooked to my computer are REVERSED, so right is left, and left is right. I may have to fix that.....some day.
Sara Bareilles "Brave" --> Katy Perry "Roar"  Not the first time. Won't be the last.  Commercialized music is, by and large, a cesspool. That's not to say that there aren't great musicians in that field. There are. But there's a whole lot of money to be made, and thus a whole lot of the influence of fat cats, who keep getting fatter.
I never need to listen to that Katy Perry song again after watching this.
I'm not a musician, but I love videos that analyse songs. I like to understand what I'm listening to and why I like it. This video is a gem. My take is that someone had the tune in their head and  wrote a lyric before they realised it was a copy, it happens.
My Sweet Lord and George Harrison would have never stood a chance with Rick Beato
Katy is a disgrace for pop music imo She's not talented and has way too many fans. She simply lacks quality in so many aspects.
It sounds in some places like some things by Nine Inch Nails... )
Rick Beato. Consistently showing the difference between true talent and true garbage.
Really interesting being able to contrast the two songs. I like 'em both.
Paul & lenon = 2 = lasting centuries = massive talent  9 people = recycled walmart music = throw out after 2 days.
but it's transformative, so fair use! I'll show myself out
C'mon you know this was actually a copy of the song "Bitch" by Natalie Wood,
This doesn't surprise me. Modern "music" is just garbage any way
Just fascinating!!!!
A good song is a good song
haha nice catch
it should have been together,it sounds great
Vapid pop music writing team can't compose original songs. I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.
I think saying that it was inspired is completely wrong.   Inspiration is something that begins the process of an original idea or to do something original.   It's pretty obvious that is not what happened here.
I hear 4 different parts that are stollen from other successful POP songs...  OMG I HATE POP... you like it cuz you’re a nice guy who can appreciate all aspects of music. Sorry but I have a mean steak...  POP sucks!
This is a prime example of how POP music is a recycled derivative of songs that have done well with the tonally challenged masses who will buy anything if it has the right packaging and correctly marketed artist (13-25 ur olds). That’s why I’m a classic rock and 90’s alternative fan... Oh ya and ima a MASSIVE RICK BEATO FAN!!!
I can't even hear Katy Perry, without even trying to forget her name.
Flame sued Katy Perry
1st 3 chords are totally WHO
It would be a bit weird if you got a copyright strike on a video where you’re talking about the same subject 😀
My goodness. Total rip off🧐
9 writers on the song and it still sounds like a million other pop songs...at least for me.  No Modulation or clever chord progressions.
I love her “firework” song, that’s a much better song I think, this one I don’t even have time to digest what’s being sung in the chorus, and BTW nowadays to make sure songwriters are employed labels need to put them in writing sessions like that so kudos to those labels for keeping people employed doin what they love to do, it’s called team work and team work makes dreams work, musicians need to learn team work😀
...Amazing... et très honnête, bravo !
Was just gonna, those first 3 chords scream of Baba O'Reilly
This was like that time I noticed Nikki Minaj sampled Joe Satriani. Lol
Fuck me, there is being influenced and there is just blatant ripping off and stealing!! how did she not sue?
Just be careful saying the name "Starbucks" in your videos.  You might get hit with another copyright strike.
But those katy fun bags though!
Rick’s face when he loses himself as the chorus drops 😂 <———-I cannot say a thing I was right there with him, you cannot fight the uplift.
9 people to write Katy Perry’s song? Don’t you mean 8 people and Katy Perry was present in the room?
love the channel
Baba O'Reilly is my favorite Who song. The violin parts in it are too good not to love it.
That's what Katy Perry has been doing for years ... ripping off other artists.
Algorithm songs.POS.
Lol what do u expect from so called pop stars?
OCD Music Disparity Syndrome...So you're saying it's OK to steal someone else's song as long as you have their permission just like Trump stealing the election? What's your point? Or do you have none. Next time analize a Weird Al song.
my opinion....   I have Big balls...   This is for  tween girls...  let them buy this crap with their babysitting money... I will stick with my  kick in the teeth Rock  with a wall of Marshalls..lol
its the money hungry  record company...  they dont care..
I’ve noticed this a hundred times in country music. You can overlay 5 different country songs at any given time and find the same thing. There are endless comparisons to this scenario....kinda sad that originality has flown out the window these days! Keep doin what you do bro, love your channel!!
Am I the only one who actually likes how they sound on the chorus when played at the same time?
The music sounds the same. The voice sounds the same. Sub in a different pop singer and it would still be pretty indistinguishable from the singer you replaced.  I had to bail on this video. My ears were starting to bleed.
So it means there is above 9 suspects involved in your strike issue, right?
Yeah man.. nailed it 👌
Who cool mashup ;-)
It funny that you see the similarities in these two song , but not Stairway to Heaven & Spirit  😂
Leftist like Katy Perry are thieves and plagiarist.  This does not surprise me.
Ok, so I know I'm A BIT biased as I'm from Norway (like Dagny), but is the Perry version BETTER? I have to respectfully disagree.
Why do you say a key of B flat 11 ? Surely it’s just B flat ?
Is anything within the last 30 years original? Coincidentally I really like your analysis which also might be the reason you are getting copyright strikes now. Can't tell people how generic the music industry is without repercussions... sad. I would argue this being instructional/ educational so YouTube can suck it.
I think this might be a similar case to "my tears dry on their own" which is someone writing a new song over an older song.  After reading the title of this video I thought this was going to be a straight rip off but at least they had the common sense to contact the artist before they released it and offered credit
It might be well-produced but it doesn't mean it is a "great" song. It just sounds manufactured, cookie cutter, and generic. Pop in the modern sense, doesn't have high sensibilities, but this modern style of pop is just terrible. Compare the diversity of pop music in the charts today vs. 40 years ago. It is streamlined laptop swill that doesn't require skill in constructing, just producing.
Are You OK Bro?
It takes 8 or 9 singers to “write” ✍️ a “hit” song 🎶 now.  Songs were better when they were written by a single writer, like Lionel or......Beethoven or Mozart. 🙄🙄🙄
Ok what makes this Katy Perry song great Rick? Oh it's pop music, that's right.
Plot twist: Katty Perry is rewarding Rick with lollipops to showcase her to people who wouldn't normally listen to her music. He's also secretly in love with her.
That opening sequence sounds like Alanis Morissette's "Bitch" and its analogue, "Bloke".
I hear "The Real Slim Shady".
Now do Dear Future Husband- Meghan Trainor. I thought I was having a stroke the first time it came on the radio....
Garbage music for tween girls to spend their allowance on.
I'm not a pop fan per say. Cool rip-off (clearly) of a Dagny song though. Maybe that's why they included her (Dagny), as a co-writer? Regardless, it's so overproduced I feel like I'm listening to a sci-fi action film in surround sound. In the end, the rhythm is the only element that's memorable. Thoughts?
LOL took 9 writers to copy a song? sounds like bullshit. I would be fuming if I was Dagny. Where the fuck is Katy Perry's copyright strike?
Pop music progressions are so simple its hard to create something truly original. This is the story of my life lol. Love the videos dude, can't believe it took this long to find your channel. Love it.
that mash go crazy
Sing Teenage Wasteland against this!
Don’t forget to give some credit to The Who on this one!
The only place I would listen to a Katy Perry song is on this site. At least I don't hear the entire song.
Dagny got paid. End of story. But let's make a 10+ minute video because...revenue.
Rick I love you and I love your videos! I don’t believe I’ve ever disagreed with you on almost anything, I’d say I have very similar tastes in a wide variety of music with guitar being the usual Focal Point! But I must say you are wrong (in my opinion) when it comes to pop songs like this by artists like Katy Perry being good songs! This type of music makes me want to rip my ears off, it’s so sweet and poppy and formulated! I find most of the melodies to be corny and not satisfying! It’s like listening to an Awkward conversation, and I feel that many rock, jazz and older school Country Fans feel similar. I don’t know why anybody would listen to this when you got artists like 21 Pilots that chart in Pop, that are complex and musically interesting! But hey different strokes for different folks! Just giving my insight on the matter, thanks for all the great Videos Rick and please keep making them!
Finding out today that I've got my speakers in the wrong place, right where it should be left and v.v.
What made you consider "Clarity" one of the best songs of the last 10 years? Production-wise?
The more I watch your stuff Rick the more your music knowledge blows me away.
They put something in the coffee at Starbucks is the only possible conclusion.
I consider Katy Perry's music 🎶 to be my suicide note 📝
This is why I cannot respect a majority of these "artists" of today. I do not like Lady Gaga music...but at least its all hers...she writes all her own stuff...I respect that a lot. Most other people like Katy Perry, Ed Sheeran and Beyoncé are terrible artists but we butter them up so they believe they are great. Their works are "produced" and are artificially sounding and then people call them "great". REALLY !!!
Just produce a new song "Never really over and I Love you like that", during the chorus u have both song going like your reaper song lol.
Those two lines you singled out were probably the only input Katy perry had with the song
Just like "Ali Baba and the forty inspirers"
5:42 Nice pun right there Rick
Another thought, given the amount of cash you'd get in royalties, I bet most of the negative commenters here would probably say "Oh, I get how much? Wow! I have more songs! Do you want to copy them too??? Yes, yes, pretty please?
I can't knock this song one bit. They did their own version of a song that wasn't a hit, made it a hit, and they included the original song writers in as co-writers. I have a feeling the original writers were thrilled. Also, some folks are alluding to a theory that there was some endeavor to steal the song. I don't think any of these people need to steal anything. They're all really wealthy and they know how to write hits. I mean, come on. They are working for Katy Perry.
It’s an entire generation of mimics, remakes, reboots and plain rip offs.
I am not a Katy Perry fan myself how ever I can honestly tell you musicians often copy songs by other musicians a lot. Nothing new there.
both songs are awful
Amazing how many crimes can be commited under the words " inspired by " or " based on ".
This is really difficult to listen to !
Her song Roar is a massive rip off of another song, I think it'd by Sarah Barrielles. It's very very similar, almost identical
That's the REAL reasons why the music industry don't producing and composing any REAL music anymore. Mostly everybody aloud heavily on computers to layout computerized musical tracks instead of going to the studio to play live instruments from the artists themselves.
Electropop = uninspired ultra repetitive catchy beats. Yeah I'm 57, I was raised on songs with harmonic variety and complex chord progressions. Modern music is afraid to branch out. Lets just make copies of songs that sold well. CW music is another example of uninspired crap.
If you ask me they just polished a turd.
If zeppelin can do it with stair way.........then your plite is over.
Super enjoyed this Rick . I like to “listen” to my favorite songs this way and also new or recently dosimeter music . There have been many many times copied “inspired “ in the last decade so e if it is coincidence and some pure creative laziness. Thanks for this video.
Baba O’Reily! Oh, you did catch it: 10:28.
The peaceful circle individually fit because transaction interspecifically force in a present beauty. arrogant, majestic pump
Can't believe I just spent 12 minutes and 45 seconds listening to something involving Katy Perry.  She's garbage and this video confirms it
They both sound like the Macarena :-)
I hope to be like Rick Beato when I grow up
Watched video, then listened to these two songs. Nah, I prefer Dagny's to Katy perry's. Hers just sounds raw.
Fun
that's what people with no talent or skills resort too, they steal others work and ideas.
The only praise that Beato seems to come up with for modern pop songs is that they're "well produced."  This while trying to justify these as great songs.
i have some catchy originals but they were recorded horribly-can you help me Rick??? signed- desperate in Massachusetts
I am not a musician, but I would say you are a great teacher of music. Your channel is excellent. Cheers Rick.
Back in the day it was 1 writer, 1 producer and the song was a smash hit... Today you need a entire brigade of writers and producers just to copy an existing song!
I admire you being objective, praising the production etc because .... This sounds like a nightmare to me.  I'm my humble opinion it's horrendous production, because it produced... this
I wonder if so many writers on the track means the % writers credit is leant away from Dagny?
Has anyone in the music business done anything really original in the last 20 years? We are seriously overdue for a Beatles, Zeppelin, Nirvana moment.
Katy is being auto-tuned. Ugh.
Dagny much better...
9 people...really. 😶.  I’ve seen a 9 year old Korean kid on you tube that can create sooooooo much better stuff than this. All the radio stuff is just garbage now.   As I’m listening to Grace Slick, I’m totally rolling my eyes. Lol. But I do love Ricks insight. Fantastic
** When Katy copies the song, but you get the copyright strike! **
5:37 ya lost me. To me? It's NOT a great song. It's generic.
Why were you tuned into some garbage pop station in the first place? No matter who stole from who they both SUCK like few have sucked before. Perry's team. What a joke that dude looking weirdo needs a team to "write" such dog crap.
9 "writers". Lmfao! 9 LISTENERS.
So happy for the love for 'Clarity'
The luxuriant nest habitually exist because sushi increasingly multiply past a teeny freezer. outgoing, dynamic washer
Glad you like it. I don't.
So, in effect Perry is an over made up Rodeo Clown/Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Clown College reject... and a ripoff "artist". Ok. Just kidding. She's sooo awesome. Hahaha
i REALLY like the part where they managed to rhyme "over" with "over" in the Katy Perry song ... over and over. Brilliant! 🤣
How the hell have I discovered your channel in 2021? You Tube's AI,where are you at? Liked and subscribed! Great content!
It's kinda depressing to hear Rick ask "Does it really need nine writers?" and see Sting in a box right next to that video ;-)
Got a kick out of this vid! I’m also an (older) rocker who loves goofy new pop music! It would probably still sound good acoustically. Cheers from Savannah!
Starbucks is the Katy Perry of coffee, Rick.
Dagny got an album sale from me for this video. Just incase anyone is moaning about copyright infringement
Perry’s is processed cheese to dagny’s pure cheddar.
Thought this rick guy was jeff epstein in the thumbnail...
Rick this is a sick mix bro.
With this, you know why you have so much haters who dislikes your videos and use youtube copyright policy to strike you. The more they are, the more youtube will fail to protect your content .
Can’t you just smell all of the hair product and wet hair?
Lyrics of "Love you like that" makes it sound like a relationship song with ups and downs. Lyrics of "Never really over"... really sounds like border line stalker song which makes the fact that it's a copy just super creepy. [Dagny looks out window....  notices Katy Perry in the distance staring....]   Creepy....   Stalker...
Lol I heard Artic Monkeys- Old yellow bricks and thought it was Britney Spears - if you seek Amy
Katie Perry is a soulless sell out just like the rest of them in Main Stream Music.
Check out Stapleton's Tennessee Whiskey vs Etta James' At Last.
The katie perry song sucks.
No musicians were harmed.... or used during the making of either song. Protools was meant to help musicians mix and produce music not to play all the instruments. And nothing like The Who.
This music is utter trash. Music to puke by. Yuk.
Katy Perry is more an entertainer for me, not really an artist.  However, catchy tunes written for and with her,  oh yeah!
NINE.  WRITERS.
typical pop trash. There is zero listing pleasure with such simple song structures. You know every note before its even played. But what I hate most on modern pop songs, is their "marching pattern". It's like every song was made to get people to move. Really annoying.
Hey Rick I'm really loving all your videos.....thanks for the work!  I'm just a music fan and know Nothing about production, but I love it.  And AS a novice, I always thought the Tina Turner stuff from the 80s, especially with Mark Knopfler, had GREAT production.  What are Your thoughts on that, and would you ever do a "What makes this song great?" on any of that ?
You can hear this type of similitude numerous times a day in all genres of music. Some artists even have multiple hit singles out on the same chord progressions at different tempos and beats, even on the same damn album. It's crazy, but if it ain't broke.....u know
Katy’s version wins for me
9 writers and already having the song musically laid out.. It better be a better version dammit!
if led zep can loose the stairway case... . then Katy needs to be sued IMMEDIATELY
I agree with you about the one note vocal. Really powerful with the arrangement. But there's also that layered harmony that pow brings it home.
Well she ripped off Sara Bareilles as well so it’s not like it’s unusual territory for her.
This guy could do a play by play breakdown of mowing the lawn and it would still be entertaining and informative
I'm just surprised it took that many people to write this song.
No, Rick. It’s not like The Who.   (But watching you enjoy yourself so much, I can almost like it.)
Ab is the "key".   Secret revealed
Okay, as a disgruntled Gen-Xer who hates most of today's music, I have made the claim that "it all sounds the same"...but this one is just taking that WAY too far.
they copied Boba O'Reilley chords and the original chords from Dagny. Perry might as well put up a flag that says "I've run out out of ideas, so I just copied someone else"
They both suck just like most of the BS being pumped out today. Katy Perry is a hack.
People hate pop music for different reasons. All of those reasons are 100% valid 🤘🏻
Katy Devilmark!!
You could mix it that way. And duality left and right. Sounded good!
listen, in the rare occasion i like pop, it's usually katy perry. but i havent cared for anything shes done in years and she does have a habit of ripping of songs. but so does everyone. this is definitely the most ripped off of any recent pop song ive heard but... thats what pop is, ... a regurgitation machine.
Guilty pleasure indeed. I still listen to Britney Spears groaning out "Hit Me, Baby" and Hanson's Mmm-Bop. Well-produced is, well… well-produced. That's kind of the point. But those lyrics? Oh Em Gee.Why do you seem so surprised by Perry's poor and lazy lyrics, or her outright lifting for that matter? I hear quite a few calling her "Katy Copy".
Dont say she copied she said it herself to christ Stapleton [we are heroes]🤣
Damn Rick!! He's too honest with this guilty pleasure of pop music 😁🤫 me too enjoy pop a lot but good kinda pop like progressive pop, pop rock, indie pop, synth pop etc.. still a lot to explore definitely!
Both rip-off "Teenage wasteland" from The Who
never really over sounds like bla bla bla when love you like that sounds much better.
I'm sorry but it's not like The Who... 😂
"the KEY to writing dance hits"  ... I see what you did there Rick
Dagny has a great voice! I'm a new fan. Need her for a hook!
OMG! Rick gushing over Katy perry, I may have to unsubscribe!!😂
I just want to thank our youtube algorithms overlords for presenting me with the gift of Rick Beato's channel!
Imagine having all these writers, and this is what they come up with...
9:26 had flashbacks of Weather Report's Birdland
Nice mashup there for a moment.  Pop music is supposed to be fun, and this is pretty fun.
Haha, Rick made a new mix when he panned the tracks.
I like how you listen to music and analyze it...that's exact the way I listen to music...and my wife hates me for that :-)))
Can you please do David Guetta - Lovers On The Sun vs. Måns Zelmerlöw - Heroes comparison ty.ty Or is it to far apart ?
Not a music expert, but honestly what I hear is "Leave a Trace" by CHVRCHES, especially in the chorus (mostly the Dagny song).
Rick, I agree that some of the rhythm and chord structure was copied and the melody is in the same key, but I disagree with some that it is copyright infringement (I know you never said this). You even pointed out that The Who used the same chords. The melody is different. The production mix is very similar, but the only thing that can be copywritten is melody, lyrics and sound recording. Everything else is inspired.
You are amazing.
“Me and my Broken Heart” by Rixton is a complete ripoff of “Lonely No More” by Rob Thomas. They also claimed to be “inspired by” him.
Great vid Rick. (Entwistle was the best part!)
The tasteful parent weekly contain because gosling biophysically happen since a nosy television. abaft, gainful structure
Can you do a video on hip hop music?
The guilty pleasure of loving pop music haha, I love it.
Your right Rick.  The music companies don't understand that teaching parts of classic rock songs on YT will capture a whole new audience for those artists therefore more sales and profit. They were slow recognizing YT as a vehicle they could use for advertising
Too many words in a line,boring repetition rhythmically, and a one note melody except for the scat at the end as she strains to hit the notes. Personally it sounds like a cheesy 15 yo junior prom bubble gum pop diddy inspired by a non musical art form known as rap. Music by definition has a melody and harmony set to rhythm. Rap doesn't filfill that. Just my rant.I only went to college for music.
Just here for the 666thousanth view
Am I the only one that thought "Zed's dead baby, Zed's dead"?
They both sound god awful to me.
Dagny's the real deal Rick, get with the programme
You just know, though, that Katy Perry couldn’t pull it live...
YEAH KERTY POTTY
WATCH OUT RICK !!! Sometime in the future, soon I think, you're going to get a copyright strike and do a video about it. Who, you ask? The Cars, I think...
I so admire Rick's passion, he finds what is good in any style of music. I could never be a producer because I wouldn't be able to work on music which I didn't like, I couldn't even make it through this video. Throw an "okay boomer" at me, I don't care, everything about this music is repulsive to my ears, heart and soul.
I've now intentionally listened to more Katie Perry through this video than I have from all other media combined.
She gave her writing credits dude, who cares..
Rixon did the same thing with 'loney no more' by Rob Thomas and their song 'me and my broken heart'.
ok I just realised I have my left speaker on the right side and my right speaker on the left side....nice
so if i get this right, Perry ripped off Dagny (but gave her a credit bc of blatant ripoff) THEN author goes on to absolutely leg hump Perry's ripoff?? Not getting it
Who is Zedd? This name reminds me of one film ;)  Fabienne: Whose motorcycle is this?  Butch: It's a chopper, baby. Fabienne: Whose chopper is this?  Butch: It's Zed's.  Fabienne: Who's Zed?  Butch: Zed is ...
Butthurt much?
Maybe there are 9 writers for those two lines the same way there are many people in a firing squad, some shooting only blanks. Plausible deniability.
Man....you're giving wayyy too much credit and time for hollow over produced meaningless pop fodder that no one's going to remember 2 years from now. And yeah...nine writers to write this?  HAHAHA!!!
Great artists steal. Not just great artists apparently.
Only place on the Internet where you can find this kind of analysis and Rick Beato is the only one who would notice and could put it together.  Nice work!
You save me the trouble of listening to pop music, yet allow me to know a little bit of what's going on in that world.
I’ve always loved this tune. Never had heard of the Dagny song.
7:37 guilty pleasure LOL cheers Rick
It shouldn't take almost 13 minutes to drive your point that they're pretty much the same song.  I'd be more interested in how many famous songs you could name with the D-C-G chord progression (or another similar progression)
Pop or no pop. how can you like a copied song anyway?
that would make a great series; “songs that sound the same” 🤔👍🏻
All of this new music sounds like whiney crybaby singing.
You could look at the Katy Perry song as just a remix of the Dagny song.
It's hard to follow the video, because when you compare one to another, they're the same.
Perhaps the Perry team should consider making Dagny a permanent cowriter whereas she has some more songs that can be copied directly.
Simple: more writers, less seems the portion of Dagny's.  The other writers may get credits for the different lyrics. But for the rest it is just production.
I love listening to you gush, Rick. Thanks for another great video!
Hey Rick, please do make something for Donna Lewis. Thanks in advance! :)
Can someone tell me what software he is using here please?
I'm one of the nine writers it took to directly rip-off this song. I get credit for writing all the "C" notes and the word, " over."
How sad=with all the songwriters available to Perry and she has to rip-off someone else, so directly. Sickening. Glad Katy is so miserable in her personal life.
So, those are the great songs to talk about in 2021? The laid back triplets on one note that I've heard a million times before? Come on... Make a video instead about all those artists telling us they write their stuff only straight from the heart when in fact pros are doing it for them. Gonna be a long one..
I don't mind some pop music, I just wish that it was more poetic lyrically, it's the main reason I can't fully immerse myself in it.
Another two songs that I noticed did this same thing was Gary Glitter - Rock and Roll Part 2  and The Black Keys - Howlin' for you... I'd be interested to hear your breakdown of these two songs
The Katy Perry version always reminded me of Imogen Heap's 'First Train Home'.
That "sucking sound" permeates thru the entire piece for me. Sorry, I can't appreciate a good production, or performance on terrible (imo) music.
Hey Rick, I know the dust has settled and all the lawyers have been paid, but I would like to see you analyse what you thought went on with the coldplay / satch affair in a similar in-depth way..
Always loving your videos, thank you.  And I love your hair too! ;)
You're way more even-handed and thorough in your actual comparison of the two songs ... especially compared to the "catchy" video headline.
Both ‘songs’ sound like boring rubbish done with machines.  It’s not song writing it’s ‘producers’ using computers.
Shoot me... if I had to listen to this all day I would just end it....
Maybe she was inspired to copy it?
That fact Perry gave her credit is cool. To bad zeppelin never did that before all of there lawsuits.
It's a rip off. Why didn't they just cover it & give full credit to the writers?
How many producers do you need to write a song???
Sorry, but these songs are gutless & very...droning, drowning?? ...simply, a waste of minutes for the mindless, perhaps that's the point these days!
Adorable AND entertaining
Took 9 people huh....amazing how these "writers" can actually get payed for ripping off someone else's work.
Did Katy get blocked by Dagny's management?  -lol
9 people to write one song wtf... idk if that's good or bad
I thought this was going to be Kary Perry's "Roar" vs. Sara Bareilles "Brave". Very similar also.
Savage Garden - "I Want You"
Pop music is junk.
good work to show how the pop music is done today.
What key is it written in? The key of illusion. Hollywood is the God of plegurism. Rehash it from generation to generation,  and put a little twist on it, and Bam! The producer makes a ton of money. Along with the other 7 or 8 credited contributors. Anit right. But apparently it's legal. Oh well. Someones gotta get paid
I feel like people who honestly love pop music must be of another species. I honestly don't get it at all.
Junk.
I don't Katy perry's voice.
Actually sounds awesome hard panned together.
I became Dagny fan thanks to this video! And in every way I prefer Love You Like That ;)
At least they did it legit. Not unheard of - Prince played “Purple Rain” for Journey (“Faithfully”) and asked their permission. Granted.
And here i am, an unknown artist panicking everytime i come up with a chord progression vaguely similar to some John Mayer tune.
Shania Twain totally ripped off Aerosmith's song Uncle Salty with her son Man, I feel like a Woman. You can sing Uncle Salty perfectly along with her song.
I wouldnt be surprised  to find a eurythmics or even a Peter Gabriel  among many other 80s songs that soun like this song
I suspect this happens often, just not with a high-profile artist.  If memory serves, the Stones were in a similar situation with their song "Anybody Seen My Baby," which nicked k.d. lang's "Constant Craving" closely enough that Mick and Keith needed to share the writing credit.
Bro my man is rly messing with my headphones and it's kinda trippy lmao
Dumbest thing Rick Beato ever said...."Love you like that is not a bad song"  hahahaha....
My man looks like Al Pacino from Godfather 3. 🔥🔥
Yoo, that thing he did with the speakers was SICK
Dagny agreed to share credit with 9 writers, on a song she had already written, published and released? I would hope she would say, "you're welcome to use my song but I retain full credit." It's not like they wouldn't have made a killing on sales of their version anyway.
No one did this better than Puff Daddy in the 90’s
Man I wish they'd sue KP
Katy Perry did the same thing with 'Roar'. Ripped a song off and threw a few bucks to the woman that wrote it just so she wouldn't sue.  I guess its not illegal if that's how they want to do it. But it is kind of shitty for the original artist.
No different thing I want a New Drug by Huey Lewis and Ghostbusters by Ray Parker... Long story short Huey Lewis and his band got paid.
Not the first time. Check out Sara bareillis - brave and Katy perry - roar
Lol, even the shitty ones are beginning to steal from each other. 🤭  😁  😂  🤣🤣🤣
Rick ,I'm sure you already know this ~but i'd wager many don't and will be gobsmacked. I'll get right to it. Arguably the biggest rock band in history, blatantly plagerized their most well  known song ~especially the distinctly memorable parts. You know this one .... Led Zeppelin and the song "Stairway to Heaven". Now I don't have the link handy or particulars,like who was the band they copped. That's because I only thought of it getting through this excruciating video, I totally respect your affinity for other genres of music``- it's your life ,but I still like the same hard rock and some metal I liked when I was 15.  Anyway, it's the melody and music only -i think - and the band was obscure. This was quite a few years ago I stumbled on it, maybe near a decade -but an individual found the obscure recording - played a bit , than like you did note for note comparisons. There's absolutely no question. It's identicle from the opening melancholy strumming intro, to some of the songs breakdowns. The original is raw. Dicey production , sounds like someone hit record on a portable cassette player. But it was a studio recording - pics of the artwork that was either on an  album cover or the record itself. Of course it was "Zeppelinized" a euphemism I heard David Lee Roth coined when referring to Van Halens covers that are quite a few -.of course " you really got me", "Pretty Woman", You're no good " etc... he said they "Van Halenized" the covers they did - and made them original distinctly to Van Halen. He was right on the money IMO anyway -just had to mention the Zeppelin debacle. Real? A hoax? who knows- I'm betting you do RB. Love your channel, your unique insight - how you pickup the most idiosyncryt  tid bits  like speaking of DLR. his finger snapping while recording runnin with the devil .Amazing. ....LM🎶
Listen to ZZ Top waiting for the bus and AC/DC Decibel.
Not the first time katy perry was accused of stealing. Not the last. She won against lecrae. Hopefully she loses a few
I know this was about a month ago but I heard Easy by Pale Waves yesterday and immediately thought I knew the song. It is eerily similar to both of these.
It takes someone like Rick- with the ear and passion for music, to get me excited about pop music.
There are 9 CREDITED people on these songs. There are for sure some ghostwriters and producers who prefered to get paid a bit better for leaving out credit. (Ofc there's no way to tell for certain)
Did you notice that à 344 when you pan them hard left right, you can actually hear one bass line as if it was one instrument in stereo  . This means it is the exact same notes and the same synth patch or very very close !
Also 7 rings and Look what you made me do starts out like that.Sounds like alot of Taylor Swift songs too.Alot of songs sound similar to one another to me.Check out Cage the Elephant.They are very inspired.I still like them.
Katy Perry’s version is clearly better.  Great tune but damn 9 people?   9 people to write a 3 min pop tune?   That was already written? Lol
It don't matter. It's all just noise anymore. The music died in the 80's.
Rick beato is great but god, isn't modern pop terrible.
Who is Katy Perry? One of the fab nobodies?
Oh sure, and Robin Thicke got sued because his song used the same baseline as another song lol OMG.......Hope Dagny sues the pants off her. Not that she often wears any.
it all seems very similar to the whole thing with Treasure/Baby I'm Yours
The best Katy Perry song is, her big chest
A-flat major. The key of God
it is kinda like the snoop/katy xmas, same tempo melody though completely different vocals you could a complete mash up in both songs no matter which artist goes up 1st
Dagny is far better and when it comes to actual instrument knowledge Dagny would bury her in that die hard Norwegian musical know how.   Dagny should have turned her down. Must have been a nice price tag 🤔
Clarity though? Ew.
So Rick is working in front of a green screen with a picture of his studio in the background now? :) How bout a hawaiian beach side? :)
So will you be doing a “How many Songs Led Zeppelin stole.” video? I didn’t see one
This is a damn cut-throat business!
Same basic instrument sound too.  Between her, Sam Smith and Ed Sheeran, there's an epidemic.  Katy's voice isn't really loose enough to punctuate perfectly for rhythmic vocals. Savage Garden did that much better.
That song is terrible
I HATE that kindof noise
Wow.  They couldn't even change the chords or tempo. 😆
I'd love to see you do the Offspring's Why Don't You Get a Job? vs Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da...
haha she hit CTRL-A, CTRL-C, CTRL-V.
Nobody knew RICK was a DJ remixer.
I just hope the original artist made a whole lot of money!!!  :)
Not gonna lie, liked em mixed together.
4:24 hahhaha go look at the writers of Sicko Mode by Travis Scott, the song was written by like 20 people hahhahah
We could listen /warch your  vids all day. Great musicians were not always great sensei, nor were they great friendly  figures . Bravo monsieur.
The very simple two note opening reminds me of the 'Human Music' that entertained Jerry in the M. Night Shaym-Aliens Rick and Morty episode.
Request: Please do some sort of opinion breakdown of anything by Marc Rebillet
Am I crazy to think that modern pop music is more about the production than the actual music? Its like every pop song is the musical equivalent of a Michael Bay movie... Like beating a dead horse with an electric guitar that runs on 480V.
The Perry song is sound..synthesized, not real, but what we are forced to endure in this business
THANK YOU FOR POINTING THIS OUT. I heard that original one a long time ago and the new katy perry one bothered me so much and i felt like nobody knew. But i have to say love you like that will always be the better one imo haha
Crap inspired by crap.
"Can you even have one note melody?"  Well there are plenty who managed it. Rob Zombie comes to mind with his crap vocals yet fits right in with the music production. It doesn't make sense musically but makes enough to be catchy and work in a song style that he have. Keith Flint and Maxim from The Prodigy, same thing. No singing or vocal abilities yet they manage to pull off a melodic enough catchy vibe. But in all honesty this Katy Perry rendition, way of singing it sounds just awful to me. Safe to say that I've hear this song now for the first time in your video and I am done with it for life. XD She can do much better things and should instead of copy-paste and even ruin songs the way she does. She is talented but not using it or using it on the wrong things.
That wouldn't be the first time Zedd get "inspiration" from other tracks (he seems to really enjoy Banks music)
Led zeppelin anyone? Lol
At 3:44. That's actually a cool effect for a single song.
Wedding DJ's be making note of those two!
When you start leaving a trail of 'Hmmm this is like <fill in the blanks work?'  This is starting to sound like a tradition for Katy Perry, fair or not.
Sounds like something Imogen Heap was doing in the mid 2000s minus atmosphere and soul.
**Vanilla Ice has entered the conversation**
Katy Perry also lost a lawsuit for ripping off a rap song for her song Dark Horse
I would love to hear Dagny's response to your detective work. Though I wouldn't be surprised at a payoff and a non-disclosure agreement being the reason for not responding. I love your genuine enthusiasm for corporate pop as a guilty pleasure but when a song requires nine writers and maybe a million dollars to produce it really becomes a filthy ad campaign...when there is totally brilliant voices and musicianship waiting in the wings.
The Big prob is both songs suck lol ...i mean generic crap at its finest
Now lay Baba O'Riley over it at 3:38
It's a good thing Millennials aren't as litigious as Boomers.
I don't even like Kate Perry's songs very much, but the question is not whether that song was copied or not, the question is, what do you get for announcing this, well it seems to me that you want to appear.  clown.
Sorry man but how can this " nursery rhyme " get ya this excited???
I've been in so many guitar shops with less gear than Rick is surrounded by..
Also, one could think that Katy Perry's ET was inspired by t.A.T.u. - All The Things She Said. Or maybe that's just me 🤷‍♂️
9 freaking people to create a single track ?? And that's before they got everyone together in the studio to record it .....   FFS, Rick, Bruce Springsteen created an entire album - Nebraska - at home with a 4-track cassette recorder and many critics still consider it the best thing he's ever done. If TayTay, Gaga and Lana Del Rey can write entire albums, would it really kill some of these Instagram sensations to take the time to write their immortal 'classics' ?
how i feel about all of this: gross, disgust, sad.
I'm really trying to appreciate what you find so great about this. Excellent singing? Idk, its tofu to me. Tripelets r genius? Maybe in chopins fantasy-impromptu against the 16th notes. But here?
What about Ed Sheeran's "The Shape of You" copying Tracy Chapman's "Mountains of Things"... and Page & Plant get sued for "Stairway...", absurd.
Never listened to this song before, but as you said it's kind of a guilty pleasure, the beat match with the vocals it's almost perfect
I can understand why someone would like the Katy Perry song better--it's a well-produced, well-crafted, multi-layered thing.  That said, I still think the Dagny song is better; it's "lack of production" is what makes it a more intimate, more personal, and more interesting song.
Katy who?
And just think this music thing probably started with some cave man beating on a log with some sticks or something. Amazing what it evolved into. I love hearing you explain it all. Great video!
Dagny's is better hands down. Katy Perry's is overproduced and Dagny's singing is better too.
Also the christian rapper that sued her for dark horse made her paranoid about all of this stuff. Rick debunked that one hard though.
Yeah, going back and  listening to both, I'm sorry Rick, you're wrong. Dagny's song is better. Perry's might have better production, but Dagny's song has a better vocal arrangement (not so busy as Perry's; better harmonies, simpler melody which is BETTER more often than not). The clock in Perry's song is a nice touch, but it's fluff. And that's the problem with that song - there's too much fluff. Dagny's song is rawer and comes with more of a subconscious emotional punch. Perry's is a copy and it FEELS like a copy. It feels empty.
After watching this all I can think about is how every producer is trying to sound like Jack Antonoff and Ariel Reichstad.
Eh, disagree. The Dangy song is way better.  Extra stuff is not always better.
The vocal line is very commercial rap like
Love that drum corps stuff here too.  Ok go, black eyed peas of course before this perry song tho.
It also doesn't sound at all like an ok go song
And both songs still suck.
I was listening on headphones, and when you hard-panned them, it was kinda magical. I mean, terrible, but also, some magic. :-)
This is a common thing in the music business. Miley Cyrus is doing it right now with Stevie Nicks and Dua Lipa. Have no idea if i spelled her name correctly. I guess if they want to copy a song that " inspires" them and use parts or the whole song they just do it with acknowledgment.
I think this is a very common practice in the industry and has been for a while. At least they’re up front with the connection.
Ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii
Ha, Ha, Ha--Ha, Ha--Ha, Ha, Ha!!!
I think I like what you just did by hard panning two "Identical" songs. That needs to happen more where we hear songs actually built for that effect.
I preferred the chorus when u mixed them together lol
Dagne has a better voice...based solely on this video... (not my usual cup of tea)
It took nine people to write a mediocre song.
Check out AC/DC "Its a Long Way to the Top" and "Jailbreak", but at least they were only copying themselves.
Reminded me of Daniel Johnston Despair Came Knocking intro but tempo and other notes are much different.
I often agree with Rick but that Dagny song is for me the better song (they are the same songs but different arrangement).
WTF would you support Starsucks?
Contrary to 8:13 I love pop music, as well as, country music
So fascinating how we all perceive things. This is largely garbage to me, but appreciate that his expert ear can find something positive in it all.
That mix of both songs together has real potential though.  If some of the voices were mixed in different places I think it would really pop.  It sounds like a demo of a song that would be a megahit.
Now talk about how supertonic melodies have ruined music :)
Both songs suck. Straight out of a can.The chorus is just irritating. I don't care if it is well produced. It's like saying "This game sucks. It's buggy as hell, the plot is predictable and boring, the online servers are unstable, the commands don't respond well and it's incredible frustrating to play...BUT it looks good". It's a bad game nonetheless. In this case, it took 9 people to rip off a incredibly generic song. And am I supposed to complement the production value on something so poorly written?
The sad thing is that both songs are equally hideous.
I must say I originally subscribed to your channel due to you reviewing guitar parts to numerous songs that I like. But after viewing many of your videos I realize that I have been learning insider information buried deep in the music industry. I for one am a Classic Rock type of person (Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Jeff Beck, Steely Dan etc.) I also like Jazz, Jazz Rock Fusion and much more.  Your insights have taught me to look deeper into music. You are teaching me a different way of listening. I thank you for your insights.  So I guess I'll give  wait I can do that in Destiny 2! That alien looks like Justin Butt-muncher! On it Commander.
Dude just say it “It All Sucks” .
Music is very repetitive, so I won't complain about the similarities between songs.  Plus, is kind of the listener's fault as all that music is pleasant to the listener and thus a lot of new sounds are left out. Now, the new music is there but it just doesn't last long cause of low support, given that, people prefer to make music that is more likely to succeed.
Is it a case of she kissed a girl and nicked her song?
my favorite version of this song, is when you put both together....the vocal work comes out real nice
It took a lot of people in order to keep it a good song and to attempt to rip it off less.
Holy crap that sounds cool panned like that!
She just set it on easy mode.
Betcha it happens all the time.    My sister was a nanny for a rather famous singer.  It was a household that had a buzz, lots of musicians etc. hanging around.  One day she was humming a tune and folk asked her 'where's that tune from?'  The sister said she didn't know & didn't know it was a song... so they all got excited and they started to write a song.... about two hours in.... the Dad (sound engineer) walked in, heard them kicking the tune around and said.... 'Isn't that 'Beat It' by Michael Jackson.    And in that moment my sister understood why some songs sound alike, and it mightn't be conscious plagiarism at work....
I mean .. those songs are just so samy, because all these people are oit of ideas and produce the same crap over and over again. These songs are like T-shirts. There maybe different prints on them, but sometime two companies print stereotypical palm, sea and beaches on them. Would you really say they copied each other?
I personally like Dagny's song way better!
Plagiarism  ....That's very common practice in music industry mafia business - going back for ages....
Wow, you really have nothing to do, so you went into a rabbit hole...
Can I just say, I know that people call NRO a copied version of Dagny, but she had permission, and for the record IT WAS SAMPLED!!!! Stop coming for her, she has done nothing bad. Also it didn't take 9 writers because 3 of them were from the other version, so it technically only took 6. Guys leave me, Katy and Dagny alone. I don't want to start a war in the comments. But seriously, they might sound pretty much the same, and that's fine, just saying if someone else did this to a Katy song, everyone would be like ''Oh wow! Someone has made a sampled version of this KP song! How amazing!'' Like this is how much hate she gets. I understand that maybe people are mad now because they don't understand that she has permission, but like leave everyone alone people. 🙄🤦‍♀️ Especially Katy, she's getting so much hate from her Smile album itself, she doesn't need all this on top of that. But luckily there's actually SOME CARING PEOPLE ON THIS PLANET not hating on people because they don't know the meaning of the word SAMPLED. Again, don't come for anyone in the comments, only supportive comments here. 🕊
You're right, Rick. It is a great song. I might never have heard it if not for this video. Thanks!
This is the kind of music that I don't like. But I don't still say this is necessary cr*p -- it just isn't for me. Usually, there are good reasons why so many people like these kinds of songs... And Rick does a great job here breaking down this song.
This is what has bugged me for a long time and will continue to do so I'm sure. I started to notice many years back just how many writers it seemed to take to write one bloody song, especially for artists who don't write there own music, or in this case, artists who barely write anything but like to get their names on the credits. Lol. I know it's all about collaboration these days, and often times many cooks can make a good broth. Everyone get's there bit of the pie etc. But, more often now,  I just find myself thinking, it took four / five /six or in this case nine people? To write that? ... It makes you wonder what the criteria is to actually qualify for having written a part of a song? Like one person says, "We should change that note there", and hey presto, you've got a writing credit. It just boggles my mind, especially with a song like this. I'm sure there are many good pop writers who could individually crap this sort of thing out by themselves in ten minutes. But the other thing that must inevitably happen sometimes with three or four people getting their hooks in to a song, is that any spark of originality one person might come up with is compromised and diluted. I don't know, better in my day, grumble grumble, and other such discontented mutterings. It just seems to me like the more writers there are, the more originality there should be, but it seems to be the opposite outcome.
gasp! where did the les paul go!!???  the haunted studio!
I´m also hearing "Don´t stop believin" for some reason.
Please make it stop my head hurts, why do women whitter on and on and on and on and .... zzzzzzz!
Kind of annoying really. Like c'mon, men! haha
Wow, most modern pop songs are pretty much copies of each other... What a surprise! 😲....... 🙄
I don't listen to this type of music, but a ok song. I liked Dagnys version way more. Mostly because her voice was so much nicer and the feel was better. Somebody below or above me also said that Katie sounded over produced, and i agree, its too polished.
They sound good together lol
9 people to write a song that Rick could have slapped together in a few minutes. Lol
So much supertonic.
They both sound like garbage to me
Sounds like a Baba O’Reilly to me.
I like your analysis of songs/music.  I find it very interesting.  Keep it up Rick!
Ok, its called a sample, katy buyed the rights and sample the song... So wierd Rick ignores this.
I just subscribed! I am a musician, started at age 8(guitar). The Dagny/Katy Perry video was recommended. Which I loved. Then I binged your others. I love your technical breakdowns and knowledge sharing. ITS AMAZING! You’re killing it! Don’t let “fair use”, Don Henleys (millionaire musician)of the world dim your light!🤘
Katy Perry is the Amy Schumer of music.
I hear bits and pieces of various songs, adapted by other songs. Happens a lot.
I’m not a song writer, or even a musician, but.....I don’t know how you could ever write a song and know for sure if the sounds that were in your head didn’t originate from something you heard before. There is just so much music already out there, and you’re hearing it everywhere, often subconsciously. That being said, this one seems pretty blatant.
Complaining about pop lyrics I agree that's a terrible line about even going on the internet... But rock musicians are just as guilty. I'm still made at Black Sabbath for "Generals gather in their masses, just like witches at black masses"... I love the song but... ARGHH that line. I would have burnt my notebook if I had written that lyric.
Wild
7:59  its to rhyme even with even, or say even twice for a pattern.  It was written that way on purpose to say even twice.  In my opinion music lyrics dont need to be as grammatically correct as most books are.
Fascinating
Ehhhhhh. Pop music is so streamlined in its creation nowadays, that I'd honestly be willing to believe that they came up with this very simple musical idea independently of one another
What did they say when K p was born, it's a ?
I disagree on your opinion about ‘better’ production of Katie Perry song. It’s a classic case of less is more. I’d say this song would be good regardless of production style. But the Katie Perry version (or as I would put it: a rip off) is overproduced. Instruments are confusing (cmon marching band?), harmonies are cliches and the singing is jumping from emotion to another
Rick do you like pop because you LIKE the music of it, OR are you unaware when you listen and enjoy, you are listening to the production and engineering of it and your head is translating that while listening? Or both?   For myself, being able to hear the production/engineering is what drives me AWAY from pop, all I hear in my head is "oh yeah, so and so does this and so and so produces them, so no wonder"...
THIS is the REASON why I HATE the majority of pop music, the MAJORITY are the same key, same chord progressions (just slightly altered per song) and the VERY damn SAME production/mixing value!   There is basically NO originality in Pop! Sure the producer and engineers are top level in their fields BUT it's a REPEATED GENERIC formula being used. Something new gets discovered and within weeks EVERYONE is now using it... LACKING originality!   Who cares how well it sounds, how polished it sound, how catchy it sounds WHEN IT'S ALL damn well generic and who knows who's singing a song until you hear the voice. EVERY song sounds the damn same, nothing to say "Oh this is so and so, I can tell by their sound".... UGH! HOW can we support that???
Damn IF someone spins records, well here are two songs you can spin and mix together and get some interesting remixes out of!
Omg. Colour me surprised. There's a reason older people recognise the newer pop or music in general. 😉
I'm unclear of the point of this video.
Those who can do, those with limited talent rely on the genius of others
Ah, guilty pleasures, we all have at least one
I think it's your first theory....they ripped it off, someone noticed it, so they gave the original songwriters a writing credit , hahaha.
And copied badly... the original is way better. I think if you improve a song it may be excusable, but Perry's "version" is a catastrophe...
Man I love these breakdowns you do😅 , even watching you enjoy the music you're reviewing makes me smile.  Really great watching your passion for music and the attention to detail makes me even appreciate both you and the music you're reviewing even more.  Have a good one D.
The degree to which I could not care any less about teenage girl pop songs cannot be understated.
Amazing you cover any of this music with a straight face....you have heard everything you talk about done better with real instruments...im not old, the music really does suck
Greats songs.😎
"I was in the parking lot at Starbucks"  - bad coffee and bad music, what a combo.
Daniel james form Manchester united fc?
This song sucks. Bubblegum
That thing sounds like rattling engine....annoying....
“Did you to notice...”  You know we didn’t notice Rick...
I have an unresolved argument with a family member that "Teenage Dream" by Katy Perry (2010) has the same guitar hook as "Take Me To Heart" by Quarterflash (1983)
Katy's favorite chord is in the key of b⁰0b!!!😉
funny
Pop is Syntho-Organic like Pink Slime ;)
Katie is a great singer though.
The drums on the Katie Perry song are horrible. Sounds like a Walmart Casio keyboard from 1982.
Hollywood has the same problem.
Most of this entertainment industry garbage is formulaic anyway. There’s a lack of talent, creativity and originality.
I don't want to sound like a completely clueless and biased Katy Perry fan (who can't appreciate the significance of copying another person's work and profiting from it) or anything....but you can't copyright sound! right?!
both noises are rubbish
You sound surprised, but this is common with Katy. Listen to Brave (Sara Bareilles) & Roar (Katy Perry).
I'm so glad I was born the same year as Rick, so I grew up hearing so much great music. Every category had great songs, rock, pop, soul, disco, etc. You had real artists and musicians that had to pay their dues in bars and small venues to make it. Today it's all computers and electronics, and all sounds the same. Where's the melody? How can you call it music if there's not even a melody? I don't get it.
Never heard dagny,hopefully she gets a few dollars passed her way
They asked Dagny to use this, before using it. And yes, I prefer the Dagny "version".
3:59 actually sounds really cool haha
As if Katy Perry has anything to do with the songs she sings.
Sounds like a rip off of Haim as well
The worst thing about this music is it can be all performed via keyboard.... a computer keyboard, that is.
Dude, no!
Yes I subbed now! Thank you for your ears!
9:59 "Can you actually have a melody that is one note?" I haven't heard of one, but... _One Note Samba_ is pretty good TBH! :)
My guess is Dagny felt somewhat bullied and agreed. At least she gets money from both songs (I hope)
I've been bored lately, so I decided to listen to the Global top 50 and USA top 50. Listening to them and making solos for em. In the style of metal. Because metal.  Does it sound terrible? Yes Is it fun? Yes Why do i do it? Yes
The perry song is louder, lots of parallel compressing and clipping going on. But can I respect them for straight up banking on someone elses song like that? *no*
The voice sounds horrible.  It's like they were using auto-tune or something.
Great, at least two more reasons to dislike Katy Perry.
What about "Lez Purple" ?
Never heard of Dagny before this but I always felt there was something very familiar about Perrys "version" of the song. Also not a big Katy Perry fan and I hate to admit I think its a cute catchy pop song. Both are. Dagny would be more my style just by virtue of the fact almost everything I like tends to be obscure and off the neaten path.
Too many cooks. Imagine having 9 writers that can’t come up with something original.
Teenage Wastelaaaaaand! Teenage Wastelaaaand! 😂
I don't see a problem here? What are you getting at? They liked her song and wanted  to make it better, so the did after asking her for permission, and gave her credit after it was done. What is the problem?
So what? There are more rock and blues songs that sound alike.
Dagny is so underrated. Been listening to her since 2015. Didn't expect to see her in your channel!!
I love the way you change the sound from left to right speakers. It's like you are controlling the speakers in my home! :)
10:10 I was trying to figure out what it reminds me of... Finally got it! Meredith Brooks - Bitch (that's the name of the song actually, it wasn't an exclamation like "it's Britney bitch").
Dagny got songwriting credits so I don't see the big deal. Unlike Ed Sheeran who's stolen a few times and had to settle out of court.
Has anyone already mentioned a "Already Gone Halo"-song from Kelly Beyonce Clarkson? ;-P
This is why I don't listen to pop music. It all sounds the same
Zedd is a fucking genius
Yeah.... but in Katy Perry's defense - she has no talent
Rick bout to mess around and run up on a producing gig for one of these young pop artists. 😂
I love how u used Katy Perry to gain more views but you didn't produced that song but u just want more views and your stupid audience.
Now do this with billie eilish and the doors
The current music industry is complete trash. GO UNDERGROUND!
Dagny got paid, plain and simple.
I can't listen to this bubble gum crap over and over. Bailing out at 6:48.
It's a kid song where people wanted to get the tinglies when dj's played them together ... they spent a huge amount of time together (sorta) to get each other's feelings unmixed. This is what happens when you hold on to older songs, where you're "suppose to" work together forever. The story probably includes you Rick, but considering the total number of people you talked to throughout your life, it's hard to find all the people that played the same keys to get inside a person's mind. They're spinning around trying to figure out who separated their dance moves ... DNA music, but it's very very complicated. I vaguely remember Ozzy being the hope to separation in sounds considering his answers that weren't mumbled. Also Avicii :(
I feel terrible. I think I'm suffering weird things throughout the shutdown. One of them has been hearing melodies/chords in my head. And then all I can do is sing my cell number or a simple nursery rhyme to them and add nonsense phrases to them. But just as quickly as they happen, my dogs bark or I have to check email or something else comes up. And then they disappear and I don't remember a thing. And seeing now that it takes lots of people to write one song, it makes me feel like I could do no worse on my own. If only I wasn't so constantly distracted.
Maybe the Katy Perry version is better produced but I feel its insensitive to call it a better song, you should have called it a better cover. Imagine how your words might hit the artist who originally wrote the song.
Lol she just did what she was told.
I cannot wait until that finger snap intro beat goes away.
Never really over is one the best examples of the prevalence of the supertonic melody take over of mainstream/ pop music. Its catchy but stupidly uncomplicated. And everyone is doing this.
Like a version... ripoff for the very first time... ;)
Did the Lion King copy Hamlet though?
Clarity is amazing though.
Never really over has a really good pre chorus and bridge though.
Everything in music is "inspired".
Zedd <3 :(
My worlds collided when he said "Daniel James" and I was like, "The dude who made fun of Hans Zimmer strings?" and lo and behold, it was! Had no idea he pitched on big artist singles too. Damn haha
Good work, Detective Ric.
If Dagny and co receive writing credits what's the real issue? Credit to Perry and co for at least acknowledging the track that 'inspired' hers. :-)
10:28 "IT'S LIKE THE WHO!" haha thats exactly what I was thinking too! Lol
Why do people do this... oh yeah, because we let them! Stop buying from people who rip off other people- it hurts artistry! But I do like Katy's mix better, I just wish artists would stop selling themselves, & everyone else, short, & live up to their full potential
This is why I have no time for pop skank.  It’s all  industrial waste
I would venture to say that musical ideas are discovered rather than written. They are in fact, formed from logical deductions of discrete tones. I cut all the time. Never heard something I have never heard before. We also quote eachother in other music. Why not pop? Would you have done this to Bartok when he 'copied' Beethoven's 13th string quartet intro? I love Coltrane subs. Should we picket for Slonimsky?
I love this dude, how he seems to breath music.
The thing with pop singers today and even in the last couple of decades I think, is auto tuning. I love to hear raw vocals that are u touched so I'm not sure if I'm hearing the real katy perry or a katy perry vocal that has been "treated".
Dagny also kissed a girl 3 years before Perry...
DOW'ny, not daGny.
Great analysis and breakdown! 🔥🔥🔥
whats the point doing those videos oh i mean yeah taking down women in the idutry tired now you can delete my comment
All of Katy Perrys songs are inspired by other artists. If she wanted to lift my tune I'd let her too. Millions of 12 year old girls rocking to your music. Unless your Dolly Parton, when Elvis wants to do your song but wants a writing credit , you give him the song
Love the Dagny song.
8:15 Since there are so many different songwriters, I'd assume those two lines were written by two different people that didn't check with one another. :D
Katy Perry is sort of the poster child of not having any real writing of her own.  Multiple writers and very derivitive for the most part.  That said, she has been very succesful.  So who can argue with that appraoch from a financial perspective.  From an "artistic" perspective though - one could argue..
I’d rather listen to a band saw cut through wood all day, than 5 mins of Katy Perry. I wish she’d consider singing lessons to learn how to use her throat and projection properly too.
Almost every Max Martin song, hundreds of hits, sounds the same/lifted from his former associate, Denniz POP.
I just became a fan of Dagny.
I'd never heard the Dagny song before now! And as much as I like Katy Perry's song, that internet like is really awkward sounding!
I've always thought Perry copied Tiffany's "I think we're alone now" with her " Chained to the Rhythm" Listen.
Teenage wasteland
Rather the dagney track
For me, the vocal layering and harmony is what adds to Perry's song. Single note melody but then on the 2nd round of it, adding the descending vocal layer knocks it out of the park.
9:42 les paul apears magicamente
I do enjoy this channel.
I wouldn't give a damn about the money, hands off my work
All this type of music sounds plastic and fake and not interesting in the least
I love that this could've just been a video dunking on Katy Perry for ripping it off, but you went the extra mile and threw some education, analysis and just overall positivity into things
When I hear these songs I just hear Gravity - Michael Sembello, its the bit at the end...
Were any actual musicians involved? Both songs sound synthetic to me.
Good music is good music, if its pop, classical or metal 🎶
Reading the comments on other songs that Zedd liftet he seems like a real vampire. A very very rich vampire at this point, but still a vampire.
Reminds me of Teenage Wasteland by The Who.. Out here in the fields I fight for my meals I put my back into my living..
That way , the whole Kanye west career is a copy? Cause all of the melodies of his songs are sampled. Both of them agree and the original artist has no problem. So why are u giving her hate
BOTH songs are standard generic current radio fodder.  Hard pass.
Love watching Rick bang his head against a brick wall ! The great and powerful AI algorithm hates its human creators Rick .
WT Actual FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUK!!!!?
Katy Perry and her writers have a history of doing this.
I hope Dagny got mad royalties
Rick: First 5 mins, This plagiarised legally . Next 7:49 , How good the production is ?? “                                                                      Katy :You change your mind Like a girl changes clothes Yeah you, PMS Like a bitch I would know And you over think Always speak Cryptically I should know That you're no good for me 'Cause you're hot then you're cold You're yes then you're no You're in then you're out You're up then you're down You're wrong when it's right It's black and it's white
This is the kind of music that plays in the supermarket. I have to leave cos my brain is going to explode. Shocking music.
Trash music
The Who......  teenage wasteland?
Zedd stole “Clarity” and “Spectrum” from Matthew Koma
Great job Rick ! Whatever people think of it, it is not memorable and will be forgotten like most of the other song nowadays
The whole thing just makes me feel gross and dead inside. 🤕 Both songs included. I just don’t like saccharine pop music. I’m willing to accept that’s my problem, but man, it’s only getting worse as genres of auto-tuned pop continue to merge into one big pudding. It just hurts me on a deep cellular level.
I love Katy Perry's voice it's my guilty pleasure.
I bet they just threw around a couple of phrases and words and then demanded to be put as one of the writers of the song
They both sound like generic pop songs, they just sound even more similar than they usually do.
Can you do a study on Linsey Buckingham AND Rick Turner Guitar’s ? Thanks Rob
This video definitely didn't go the way I expected.   It's truly amazing how Rick has transcended his music career to do something like this.  What a contribution to music fandom.
I hope your children gonna name one of their kids Morty!
can you actually have a melody that's one note...? I djent to differ.. 000 00 0 00 0 000 0 000 0 00 0
The sound of his piano is so beautiful I swear 😭😍
...it's simple  !!!   ...Katy Perry is a Democrat, that is what they do.....
A great video deconstructing the construction on a modern pop song.  Not a classic song, but then it paid 9 power bills that week with enough left over for a take out pizza 😉. I admit I kept thinking "Baba O'Reilly" and then you mentioned it, glad I wasn't alone there, lol!
Katy is just a useful marketing tool, she has no idea what's going on.  There is a team steering her.
Rick Beato is to music what Joe Rogan is to MMA ❤️
Not sure what the point of this video is. It was obviously addressed. This happens a lot.
so what, copying in modern pop music? by the way, anybody noticed that The Weeknd "Blinded by the light" was stolen/copied from Anathema "Fragile dreams"?
What I like best about this channel is how Rick never apologizes about liking music.
I wonder who are those 815 who didn't like the video. I mean, maybe this is not your thing. That's alright. You pass and... but click thumbs down?
the pond I fish at isn't as poppy as you've taken on. when I do fish for a catchy tune, I find it, arrange it, listen to the artist's original.  For instance, I liked the Manhattan Transfer recording of "Foreign Affair".  Nice: moody, well produced, excellent artists singing. The mood is one-of-a kind in this MT version. Love it. Arranged it, sang it, in the repertoire. cool.  And another time recently re-visiting the library of Norah Jones, the tune she recorded, "The Long Way Home", I latched on to the tune for my repertoire. simple.  Love the simplicity of it.  Then I learned both of these songs were penned by none other than Tom Waits.  It's all good. How many other tunes out there are originally a T. Waits tune, but minus the tin-pan-alley vibe? I'll wager he's been the genius behind modern music more than we openly admit.   Love them all, Tom included.   These kids....it's not the same thing.   I admire your ability to shine light on a turd and find the positive in it, Mr. B.   Again, this is not a pond I would ordinarily fish in, pop music in the 2020 era.   It's because you always end up catching the same fish, throw it back, et cetera. Rinse, repeat.   But the story is similar.
I dont know  whose  music is more over produced here's or Taylor swift. I remember when both started out .now their egos  are so big they can't  on tour bus.wait a minute neither  would  be cought on a tour with the little  poeple
I hate when this happens. I mean when a big star basically steals a track from a less known artist. Katy Perry's song has 640m+ listens on Spotify, Dagny's has around 32m. How's that fair? Did Dagny or her writers get any of the cash Katy made with that song?
If I'd not heard the katty Perry here, id never heard it at all!
They're both awful tracks, sooooooooooooooooooooo...what difference does it make?
One thing I really like about Rick is that you're not one of those old guys shitting on contemporary pop music. You have informed opinions and recognize a good production, a good bass line, how effective something can be, how it is crafted. If you don't like something you can actually develop it.
If they asked her permission and got it, it's not a rip off.
I love you, Rick Beato.  Keep doing what you do.
I don’t know, Rick.  What you call well produced sometimes I feel is over produced.   Listen to Katy Perry’s I kissed a girl, and then listen to the MTV live version of the same song.  The MTV live version is brilliant.  The original recording just sounds overproduced by comparison.
This is why most modern "music" sucks. If they're not stealing, they're using auto tune. Country music has a ton of these copies. Give me Maiden, Priest, Zep, Sabbath. This generation is clueless. BTW, I like Katy Perry.
Featured on new video series:  What makes this song...mediocre.
Thank you so so much for this video :-) I love love love Never Really Over!!! ..but had no idea about the earlier tune 🤘🤣🥁🖤
Whilst i like both songs, I'm disappointed you condone the plagiarism, Rick.
You know better than anyone. Famous artists make 2 or 3 original songs and rest are just taken from older or other songs
Chorus rhythym pattern is just "Slim Shady" isn't it?  Surely the song is just such a more produced copy it's practically an interpolation!
Hey Rick. I think it's awesome that you're not afraid to admit your love of Pop. We all benefit from your analysis of any song. Thanks.
Rick, you're a music freak, lol
I thought that was Adele ....never heard of Dagney
Of course he's your child, he's wearing your hat.
You are from outer space. That was an amazing analysis! Reminds me of The Rolling Stones/Constant Craving incident, which I believe was a mere coincidence and not an attempt to have anything to do with K.D Lang.
ITS THE SAME!
Dagny is a songwriter and singer from Norway.  Another song and artist from Norway that is "stolen / borrowed from" from and is sampled a lot is A-ha and their song Take On Me. You can clearly hear elements from it in Feel This Moment with Pitbull ft Christina Aguilera and also The Weeknd and Blinding Lights. You can also hear elements of the A-ha song The Sun Always Shines On TV in U2's song Beautiful Day something that U2 has admitted to.
Listening to this have me the urge to listen to savage garden.... Weird.
Im glad she did something about this. she learned her lesson when she copied flame, a christian rapper in her track "dark horse"
Lol yep she stole a song from the rapper Flame too his is called Joyful Noise
It's like, hey Dagne, Katy Perry is famous and you are nobody, so we are taking your song because we are lazy and there's nothing you can do about it, have a nice day.
Dagny much better .p:
AMAZING VIDEO!!!!!!!!! 🙌🙌🙌
You learn something new everyday. Thank you.
Well sold
It always baffles me when I read how many people it takes to "write" such songs. I suspect some of the "writers" just added their names to the credits because of financial or contractual agreement. I suspect, people like Berry Gordy, or Phil Spector used to do it too. On the musical side, I just don't understand what's there to enjoy. Those melodies are so repetitive, very little variations (how can it be possible it takes even more than one person to write this kind of music ?!!). I'm not even really bothered by the over predictible harmonies, because you can write great songs on very simple harmonies. Yes, maybe it's been well produced, but in such a standardised, almost automatic, way. Overall, when I'm hearing those modern pop songs, I feel like choking while being bored. That's the main problem to me : too much information, too loud.
O wow, I'm impressed on what certain musical producers need to do to stay "alive" these days :(
I have notice now that you mentioned it many of Katie Perry's songs have a march built into them. Example "Firework"
I think I need to drop even more acid, to appreciate this song as much Rick...I'll be right back
9 writers on this bubble gum trash. Compare that to anything from Pink Floyd, or Zeppelin, or Rush. Real music.
Maybe Nickelback will record it too
Is sample! 😅
Note to all in the music biz.  THIS IS WHY RICK REMAINS RELEVANT HE EVOLVES without judging a book by its cover.  He Is able to hear what most wont even attempt    I could go on and on but this is inspiring as a 60 year old who has remained fairly busy during this pandemic.  I’m not even in the same Galaxy as Rick but I do subscribe to his method even though I have my share of cynicism I fight daily I’m reminded again that I know nothing so therefore I can grow and learn.  Rant over thanks Rick. I’m subscribing
This guys ear, Jesus.
Love your channel Rick!
Stay the night is also a great song from zedd, with Hayley Williams singing.
Came to see Anthony bourdain review music
That is so freaky, you could play the two together as a mash-up and be none the wiser.
I love Rick’s passion. You have to love all sorts of music to be a great producer. I’ve worked with a few producers/engineers and the ones that get excited by your music definitely get the best out of you. I worked with the muso snob type once and it was a horrible environment to record in. It destroys your confidence and you play tentatively and within yourself. That said, I learnt a lot from them and I’m glad of the experience but would never do it again
their both garbage if you ask me...
Heartbeat song by kelly clarkson and  The Middle by JEW is very similar too
Katy Perry writes nothing. She like almost all the othes - with few exceptions - sings what she is fed to keep up her image and the money flowing int the ones who place her in front of us. A dozen nameless writers create her songs and her persona.
I love Rick'n Rill.
Was it just me, or did this video just turn out to be a jerk off to Zedd?
Also stole the main hook from a vocal concept in the Maggie Rogers' song "Overnight"
Same tempo as Savage Garden's "I Want You" from '97!
Killer mash up!
but rick it goes deeper, Katy also ripped off the Who’s Baba O’Riley with that synth progression!
Have you hear Katy Perry's Roar and Sarah Bareilles' Brave? 😂
I stole from a girl, and  I liked it.
not my bag for music...but i think everyone steals something sometime
No offense to any fans, but to me, Katy Perry just comes across as a crappy human.
Your tear-down of the song has more upbeats and rhythms than both songs combined. You’re amazing Rick!
Nothing’s as bad as Lady Gaga’s Born This Way ripping off Madonna’s Express Yourself
That Katy Perry would let her reputation be associated with stealing/borrowing a song shows how poor she is as a creative artist. Just another puppet on a producer's string.
How to completely dismantle modern pop with a smile 101
I'm disgusted by what mainstream music has become. I'm not much older than Katy Perry but I feel like we're from different planets, especially since I'm not a robot built in a factory and my soul wasn't a formula created in a laboratory.
7:33 You say it's "great." Pop music is like meaningless sex. I think what you mean it's fun. It is not great.
Not the first time Perry and her production team have done this. Won't be the last! Didn't know about Dagny. She sounds awesome though. I'll go buy her record now.
I’m honestly staggered that a man of Rick Beato’s sensibility and achievements can wax so lyrical about, what is frankly, complete and utter garbage. I understand the technical abilities required to concoct modern pop music and even its seductive, though superficial, charm. But, from an artistic point of view it remains of zero value. Why? Because it’s dishonest; no art, of true value, ever willingly lies about its true motives while modern pop music does; shamelessly. An interesting parallel is the salon painting of 19th century France; technically perfect, financially successful and overwhelmingly popular yet empty, decadent and banal. The tragedy now is that we lack the shared cultural and social values for a Manet or a Degas to come to our rescue; we’re just stuck with this vacuous, utter shite while ‘artists in noble poverty go like virgins to the grave’.
Outstanding! Right on the Money$$$$$$$
LOL!  As Paul Rundgren stated years ago, music has a limited pallet to work from.  Cumulatively through time, most songs sound the same.  If we were to run a sound wave comparison of songs and all the traits, there would probably be a very high correlation coefficient.
Meanwhile rick starts bopping his head everytime the tracks start!
I wouldn’t have even have known songs there was 2 songs if you didn’t tell me.  I do know that I hated them both equally.
It's astonishing how two-bob, shitbag starlets like katy p*rry and her contemporaries who couldn't tell the difference between a C Major chord and a quarter pounder with cheese get away with blatantly stealing other, lesser known artist's stuff.... I'm disgusted.  Excellent video, thank you Rick, you are amazing, love all your videos mate.
Brilliant work Rick.
Wasn't it Elton John who once said  The most creative writer is one who can take someone else's song, change it just enough to make it their own song, and get away with it legally.   Key word "Legally"  In other words, if you don't change it enough you'll be sued by the original songwriter and lose.  So you have to change it enough to get away with it legally.   Key word "legally"   If you don't change it enough just enough to get away with it legally you've just taken your time and energy and written a song where all the money you've made from it is going to go to the original songwriter you stole it from originally. And not you.   So, it takes quite the creative writer to do that.
I've written two different song lyrics, and completely different melody's,  but set them both to the same music track. So now I have two songs but both use the same instrumental track.  Since I wrong both and the music why not.  I plagiarised myself. lol
music is rarely unique today.  are you really suprised, rick beato?
Haha, I thinking where I heard that before: it was "The Who"! So it is partially a ripp-off of The Who...
The truest thing in the video was the "Killer singing" @1:16. My gosh , I love that voice. It has a raspiness to it. Isn't Katy Perry's voice autotuned? It sounds like it and if so that is lame regardless of how she can sing the same not over and over to a telegraph type rhythm. As always , love your analysis. I wish we lived next door so I could come over and say "hey Rick, tell me what you think about this". In addition, how many times has Katy Perry and entourage ripped off other people's talent?
just found your channel, what a beautiful beautiful studio
Wow, you’ve really run out of things to talk about, huh?
Katy pulled a Black Eyed Peas 😂🤣
There's a lot of current pop songs "inspired" by other songs out there. They just change the tempo or one note.
no surprise. Re "even... even". Using colloquialisms connects to the expected audience, very patronizing if you spend a penny.
The whole thing is gross. The  process of team songwriting kills art.
Very much reminds me  of a mid 90s hit called I want you by Savage Garden
I was just watching a photographer's new weekly show called what makes this photo great I almost dropped my starbucks
The first lines of Ariana Grande's 7 Rings sound an awful lot like My Favorite Things (The Sound of Music). She even has a line saying "my favorite things"!
I think they actually sound really good together.
Agree that Katy Perry version is better. And that clarity track is incredible. Great video.
Love you Rick, but no matter how much you can milk these pop songs, this clearly proves that we are in the middle of a cultural dark age.
I heard some Baba O'Riley in there
I don’t follow the pop scene anymore. Since 1999 music has become fast soundntrash. A shelf life of 3-6 months. Try listening to pokerface ... impossible for my ears to take the rubbish. Good music lasts decades and sometimes last centuries. Rarely. Art is the same today. The lack of talent is only counter balanced by the size of the silicon implants or the gel haze on the pre balding youth
Your analysis, as always is awesome. What this shows to me is that POP music today, is WAY overproduced. It does not have staying power and will be forgotten in time.
All writers nicked the chord melody of The Who’s “Baba O’Reily”, but not the actual progression (C-Bb-F).
U are so unbelievably likable that U actually made me like an “almost”              Katy Perry song. Kinda.😉
Katy Perry didn't do anything, except show up in a low cut shirt and sing for autotune.   Her record label on the other hand... either owns the rights to the original or paid Dagny for a writing cred.  This is what record labels do. Please tell me, Rick, that you're not this naive to the industry, or was the click-baity title just too juicy to pass up...
let's gust all agree this guy a musical genius
Hilarious! Katy Perry and her team are a bunch of thieves.
I definitely don't have the background or knowledge to geek out on music like Rick, but it is so interesting to get his perspective on things I wouldn't think twice about. Great job!
The Dagny song is better, Katy's voice goes in the chorus goes through me, I stuggle to listen to it.
Despite Rick’s fancy language, both songs are trash. Total waste of 12 minutes analysing them.
Don’t forget she has done this before... “dark horse”was taken from flame’s joyful noise song back in 2013
I dislike all of those tracks...boring...
So Katy Perry's just like Nickelback... but at least Nickelback only ripoff THEIR OWN songs
yeah they sound same ....and they suck same!
Lmao my exact reaction when I first heard the Dagny song
Should look at katy perry ET VS Allthe thing she said
I like the Dagny song much better,the katy Perry song does have some cool parts in the song ,i am a Musician and songwriter and all songwriters get inspired by other peoples work,but you aint much of a songwriter if you sit down and intentionally copy someones work.This clearly is Dagnys song with different lyrics and interesting ear candy ,so yeah some cool parts in Katy's song,but not impressed with the song  never really over.
I love both songs! When Never Really Over came out I immediately went into its wikipedia and saw that it was actually a sample of another song. Both are so good.
Katy Perry just another phony Illuminati "artist".  The Dagny song is more interesting even with the "9 writers" on the phony version.
This was awesome! Thanks for posting
This girl lily rose stole my entire song concept, instrumentation, chord progression, and art for the lyric video (for a song called I’ll be the villain, Darlin) and there’s literally nothing I can do about it. (I didn’t even get credit for it.)
Flick...  flick... goes the switch. What kind of gear do you own ?  Especially when you do isolations of vocals and instruments...?
I hear clearly a rip off of „The Who - Baba O‘Riley“ at the beginning.
Really like that, though the rip off is obvious, Rick is focusing on the good producing, Great to watch
Hi Rick. What is the maximum number of people needed to write a song....  if 9 then it would include tea lady, janitor, watchman, driver, vocal coach, piano teacher which actually the whole studio staffers
"One of the best songs of the last ten years"?!?  That is such a strange thing for an adult man to say.  Adult men should realize - after 40+ years of living -  that art is subjective and one man's musical treasure is another man's musical trash.  Anywho, interesting video.  Thanks for sharing, Rick.
And this is why we have a shitload of lawyers.
Dagny is form my county Norway.
More intriguing is the Les Paul that disappears at 9:09 then reappears half a minute later. Spooky.
Genuine question: Irrespective of this case, can we talk about the general principles?  If, for example, changing the lyrics doesn't sufficiently distinguish one song from another, what do you do about 1-4-5 blues?  Thousands (millions?) of songs use that formula, so why shouldn't a couple of songs with different lyrics use the same chord sequence without accusations of plagiarism?  I mean, in a way I'm on the side of the artist whose song is being plagiarised, if that's really taking place, but on the other hand, aren't all pop/rock/jazz/blues genre songs rooted in something which has gone before?  Thanks for any replies to this.
I just find it hilarious it took 9 people to write this simple bubblegum lingo twice.
I also luv pop music...Also.
I have a lot of respect for you Rick and I think you should do a "what makes Rick Beato great" video.  No one explains music better than you do, But to me pop music is vapid and disposable. In 25 years people will still be listening to Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd and Queen and The Rolling Stones and AC/DC and tons of other classic rock bands and motown and soul,, folk and country music that has stood the test of time.  I promise you no one will be listening to Katy Perry or any of these other pop princesses or even remember their names in 25 or 30 years.  You even set yourself, it took 9 people to write this thing. It only took page in plant or Malcolm and Angus Or Brian May and Freddie Mercury or Lennon and mccartney to write songs.
wow i know that
One note melody - similar to 'I Want You' by Savage Garden....not original
KP strikes again
In light of this do we rethink the "dark horse" lawsuit?
You should make a mash-up song lol. It would take off!
Hey Rick! I just heard a Billie Eilish song called Bury a friend and it's melody is scarily similar to People are strange by The Doors! Please shed some light on it!
It's really hard to make up whole new chords or song that doesn't remind you anything else. Katy Perry is awesome singer. And made up si much great song. Maybe she heard this song before and didn't even noticed that she copied that.
Nothing wrong with enjoying a good tune despite who sings it.
I'd rather listen to Mongolian Throat Singing.
Katy has a history of this type of "inspiration" - check her hit song, Roar side-by-side with Brave, by Sara Bareilles.
Since I've been listening to Spotify regularly, I'm accidentally discovering so many origins of current song riffs etc.  It's actually kinda fun 😏
I'm going to have to respectfully disagree with you on this one...I think the Dagny version is way better.
Theres so many songs out there like this today. Most of radio now is copies of old songs.
It takes 9 people to write garbage.
This is why the music business pisses me off.
Who is Katy Perry ?
You know, maybe this music would be good in a movie, where everything is flawlessly planned out and produced, but why can't a well written song just be played and enjoyed with normal instruments, no robot voice, and the energy of its players.  Just an idea.
Semantics aside, it's just generally soul less and I wonder why you waste your time time with it.
Rick i'm a really big fan of you, i think your knowledge is incredible, you're really amazing at making videos and really generous aboutsharing your knowledge.  But to be honest i'm very puzzled by the fact you enjoy  "mainstream pop music" which are predictable ( i don't mean to offend anyone here, everyone is free to have their own taste and i respect that ) and as you display on this video that industry is constantly carbon copying themselves and making business with big commercial teams ( as you noted, 9 well paid people credited to copy a song and rewrite it ). when you beath matched it sound like exactly the same song ( as you noted ).  I'm pretty sure you're also big fan of classical music and jazz , but still i can't figure out why someone with the amount of knowledge you have would enjoy such basic songs.  Even the original song you said you like and is very well produced still sounds like most of the pop songs i have heard in the radio for the last many years.  I have noticed this "phenomenon" on other knowledgeable people i have met before, they have very advanced music knowledge but then on their free time they listen to music with very basic and predictable structures.  In the other hand i have also met loads of people with loads of knowledge that are very into obscure / intricate music and that makes a lot more sense to me.   I would love to hear your opinion ( and other people's opinions ) on that
Lol. Can someone explain to me why these pop stars all sound the same. Either they garble the voice with the same synth or is it a because of they all use the same singing technique? I don't get it pop singers voices always sound artificial to me.
Comments about bubble gum are just not applicable you need to go back and listen to a real bubble gum compilation.
I hate this stuff.. I truly do
I actually had a conversation with a Katy Perrys manager a couple years back at an ascap conference. this was in like 2009. He flat out told me most of the tracks that are written for katy perry are "inspired" by other songs she heard on the radio. Flat out told said that he gives the songs to the writing team and instructs them to create a song that is similar but change up some areas of the song so it's not just copy and paste. Her team has been doing this since she became popular. It is an insult to EVER give her a songwriting credit on anything she releases as she does NOTHING but sings the songs.
Now do The Boss's new song and the theme song from Arthur.
I think the Dagny original is better. The Katie version adds too much obnoxious roboticness.
You have - to put it in gentle terms - shite taste in music. Who cares that there are a plethora of pop tunes that are so hopelessly generic they're interchangeable? If you want to not be assulted by garbage music, don't listen to garbage music. Put on some (off the top of my head) FKA Twigs for instance and then you can analyse something that doesn't follow conventions but still operates within the world of popular music. You might stop bring captain obvious and earn some respect.
Right when I heard her new song, I instantly new she copied Martin Garrix
It's just the next level of "sampling" that's all. Pretty soon Top 40 will be just be the same songs except with different lyrics. Much cheaper to do and you  still get paid. It's like when a millionaire puts their name on buildings yet had nothing to do with their construction.
Katy is just an MK Ultra    =   mind controlled illuminati puppet .... i really heat all those, keep away from that garbage bro. !!!  instead you should be singing "uprising" by muse or "no world order" by gamma ray....
Stop following people that are already at the top......You should invest your time in Undiscovered musicians.......people that still play instruments with passion.
Honestly the main comp reminds me of "Best Song Ever" which was a rip off of Babba O Reilly. so this is a rip off of a rip off of a rip off of an original. wow I'm gonna go write the 5th version
just who tf would ever waste time listening to Katy Perry? Life is too short
I'm starting to see intricacies behind this song that I would normally ignore, which makes me appreciate it more. But I still think Katy Perry has an unattractive voice. I just don't see the appeal.
I love pop music, Just only without the lyrical trash. I guess I just prefer EDM instead.
Sounds like Katy attended the Jimmy Page school of song thievery.
Every time it shows Rick holding his phone I'm expecting him to say  "So.. I gave the producers a call to give them a piece of my mind..."
I'm not a musician at all, but I wonder how all this relates to Robyn's "Dancing on my own". Can someone literate look it up?
I've found in my lifetime that a lot of pieces of music I find very comfortable and warm happen to be in A flat. They still sound warm in other keys, if transposed but for some reason they are written in A flat, E flat is a close second
Miley Cyrus - Midnight Sky  intro  = Tell me lies by Fleewood Mac
I find this borderline screaming, full-throttle whining vocal style to be tired and highly irritating. It's like nails on a chalkboard.
The video started as an expose of musicians "borrowing" from each other and ended up another episode of "What makes this song great Ep...." Lmao)))
Can't create her own original?
Are Darren Hayes and Daniel Jones of Savage Garden credited as well? If not, should be 11 writers!
And Savage Garden’s “I Want You”is probably the original  “1 note” pop hit that Katy’s melody is based on...
I don't know dude, you're drinking Starbucks and recognizing Katy Perry songs, yet you've got those stacks of Marshall's and Les Paul's behind you....don't know what to make of it all....
Ya know, when you mixed the two songs song on the left and right speakers...... you might actually have something going there.... It actually sounds great!!
Rick: You have an OPEN mind.......Good Music......IS Good Music, regardless of the ''Labels''
It's almost like Katy Perry isn't even a real artist 😐
The two songs sound better together
I hear Baba O'Riley
Cool hanging with ya man! I know it's not in real time, but you make it feel like I'm right there chillin with you.  LOL   Very Cool Man :)
I immediately thought of The Who with Baba O' Riley.
The immense soda thoracically smell because wallet promisingly rub up a flaky columnist. selfish, venomous susan
Thoughts on Joe Satriani,  Coldplay "issue"????
Rick beato you strike me as someone who wouldnt have said "i like the katy perry song more than dagny". this makes me wonder if you appreciate artists that made kurt cobain who he was. Do a video on "the vaselines" , "big black" , and maybe meat puppets.
You should release that song (combine the two) and say its merely 'inspired by them.
i respect your opinion on guitar related stuff, but you always say the production on these pop songs are really great.  I know you are entitled to your opinions because, well, it is your channel.  But isn't there something to say about pop songs being over produced?  The katy perry tracks and dagny are so over produced.  Lifeless.
Zedd is jewish... just sayin'....
Katy Perry just knows what Is placed in front of her face.
im deaf on my left ear and at the comparsion was like: :|    haha
The honorable shorts really twist because sampan conversely grate times a petite verdict. smart, moaning jason
Both of the vocalist are superb, the production is contemporary and done in a very high-level but neither of these songs have any poignancy to them. There’s nothing about them that’s provocative either on a lyric or a melodic level. Not really good songs Rick.
Why pop singers generally shout instead of sing?
Katy Perry has a photocopier in her studio, or as she likes to call it, her ‘inspiration machine’.
Dude, you're my hero. You actually listen to Katy Perry.
I'd say that KP's group sped it up for the specific reason to shorten the run time because today's listeners can't seem to attend to any one thing for more than 2 minutes.  I will say this.  I like both of those songs better than anything I've ever heard from 5th Harmony.
We have all heard these similarity’s over the years with music. This surely isn’t the first time you have heard songs be the same like that.
We need more Freddy Mercury  type writers.
They're so many songs that almost everything is gonna sound like something.
Another great breakdown, Rick. You're one of the best I've ever seen at taking a song apart, and undoubtedly you present the information better than anyone else. You'll be regarded as a real ground-breaker in this area for many, many years to come. Even when I don't agree with your opinions - such as this being a "great" song - the information is excellent and the presentation is clear, concise, and understandable. I just cannot give a song any real credit at all when it's such an obvious copy. Without the Dagny song, Katy's doesn't even exist.
PLEASE ITS CALLED A “SAMPLE” FOR A REASON 😭 learn what sampling means first... every artist does it
What are your thoughts on Metric, Risk?
I don't hear much similarity? Same keys. Aren't the melodies hitting on different beats and on different notes some of the time? It's similar to pedal point.12 notes.
thank you for the ear bud mix up ! i switched right and left HAHAH
Barred the drum arrangement on Perry's version the Dagny version is way better in my opinion. The Perry production might be better, but it sounds like a neutered and overproduced version of Dagny's original. What's going on with Perry's vocal? Surely no one sings like that in real life? Dagny sounds like a real person, Perry sounds like she's half machine.
My headphones are backwards?
Exactly
Man listening to this is such a chore, it’s not enjoyable or catchy. It sounds like background music
Got my degree in music composition from Northwestern and I LOVE POP MUSIC too! :)
Brilliant analysis as ever, enjoyed that
This song is not my cup of tea. I guess I just don't get pop music.
I really enjoyed your take on these songs. Your insight is fantastic to hear and see. Thanks!
Sometimes I just can't not watch your videos, even when I have other stuff to do, which I never do anyway.
Milli vannilli
Even in a video about copying, Rick can't help but turn it into a "What Makes This Song Great" session!
That's the state of modern music for you........
There’s nothing original about contemporary music
Hey Mr beato can you plz listen to katy perry song chained to the rhythm I know the verses not the words but the way she sing themis from another song from the 80s but I have been trying to figure it out for a long time can u help
9 people they should have let them all sing it like a choir
Who cares  ? It's all garbage anyway.
Almost wet self when you panned the tracks 🤣
I know Dagny's dad.
How ironic would it be if Rick gets a YouTube strike for copyright infringement! I love pop as well, especially after a tough writing or practice session. It’s like a candy bar after fasting. As far as the rip off, nothing surprises me after Milli Vanilli. However, a great artist can recognize when a lesser artist has hit onto something with potential, and knows how to make it better. Painters have done it forever, dancers, writers, musicians, etc. You’re correct Rick, the KP song IS better, so who really cares where the inspiration came from. At least they gave a writing credit.
Very cool video, sir. Thank you for sharing. I love when the writing is "shared" like this pre-emptively, or before the release. Clearly they were very "influenced" by the earlier track. Luckily, this is a melody so everyone was going by the letter of the law. In the Gaye estate /Robin Thicke case they were sued over a "groove" , which to me opens up a Pandora's box of litigation. I look forward to watching more of your videos!
Good ear! Nice work!!! She's a millionaire and can't work hard anymore to write a song.  Sad and pitiful. Music industry is already terrible.
I don't know. Both sound like rusty nails on a chalkboard to my ears. I would have preferred an instrumental version 😂
If this is legal I’m about to get “inspired” by so many song.
It's nice to see the level of professionalism in poppy music being acknowledged. Just because you don't LIKE pop, does not mean it's bad. People on this channel should know better.
Interestingly even the vocal is very similar, even if Katy hadn't done NRO I would have thought LYLT was Katy Perry!
Is it just me or did anyone notice he's got a 5 o'clock shado in one cut and other cuts he's cleaned shaven? Haha great vid.
Honestly, If I had a decent singing voice, but especially a good one... I would write my own songs, through and through and at least part of the music.  I understand that writing multiple songs per album is hard, but the vocals are the most imperative part in many forms of music, most people will turn off music with voices they don't like, so these pop stars are 90% there.  I don't understand pop music, Jimi Hendrix, Led Zeppelin were at one point pop music and they wrote their own songs, why did that part have to be lost?
Your face expressions 😂😂😂🤣🤟
I think the formula goes something like this:  Let's completely copy (steal) someone else's music, add a "one note vocal melody" (I never knew that existed until you said it Rick), and then give them writing credit (and share the revenue) before they notice it and sue us, for a song we wouldn't have had if we didn't steal it from them.
I love that you made this video and hope that you continue to call out these artists and their teams because, wow. What an industry.
So a loop hole evades them from prosecution. Put their name in the credits?  That's 100% bullshit. Does Dagny get royalties?  That would make it right.
*RICK BUDDY! Taylor Swift’s - Wildest Dreams definitely “borrowed” the chorus and key of Lana Del Rey’s - Without You.*   I think Taylor continues to use some of Lana’s style on some of her new songs on Folklore, too.   _BTW I also think Clarity by Zedd was one of the best pop songs of the past decade :)_
Rick, are you cleansing your palette after the alter the alternative tuning videos 😂
Beato: can u really have a melody that's one note? Cinnamon girl guitar solo: YES
Thats Why I miss the Punk movement, dagny would come to a katy pery show and beat them all up, no more honor between thieves, just a silly joke, Ive loved this video man
You lost me Rick , you started out on how this song was ripped off by an Artist,  then you told us how well the thieves  did on the song?  Sorry,  I feel if you and your team can't get inspiration without ripping a song off, you need a new team!
Dagny just got a new fan 😁
I can't decide which milleniotoid-cacophonous tune I hate more.
Reminds me of vanilla ice and queen/Bowie “under pressure” vs “ice ice baby”
:-)
This song is like audio chewing gum that loses its flavor within 30 seconds.
Katy Perry ....talent of a fish......Face made for make up. If she didt wear it she'd just be Ms tallentless average !
Zedd's dead
My dad has a shirt "inspired by" your rug.
I loved that mix!  Keep it playing in stereo for a full video!
@Rick Beato if you think pop music is bad for that you should go back and listen to Triumph the rock bank, their lyrics aren't things people would say today. :)
Cheap ripoff
It's okay Rick, Katy Perry is my guilty pleasure too 😢
Don't like either of them
So if you coped Perry's version and claimed you had an agreement with Dagny. Would this be legal?
6:23 oh I thought you meant the whole song. I kid, it's not my bag but it's still cool to see you break it down and explain why it's  well done.
really appreciated/enjoyed your analysis---embrace your enjoyment of pop music (do a lady gaga break down!)
Hey Rick, did you also notice the similarities with the marching snare, dropout vocal, and most importantly the vocal melody in Taylor Swift’s “You Need to Calm Down”? Specifically about 32 seconds in.
If we're taking a time machine, the inspiration comes from "Teenage Wasteland" by the Who.
Iiterally "music bussiness"
Katy Perry isn’t a song writer. She’s a thief. I wonder how many songs she stole when she worked for scam company, Taxi 😎
That’s what I like about your channel, a little something for every body.
There's a game call Charades ''sounds like" and we got it in 1.
so big deal
I'm a boomer who also mostly hates pop/hip hop of today. But sometimes I find it ain't so bad, and at Thanksgiving, it finally occurred to me why.  My niece and her husband listen to nothing but hip hop. The songs they had on during dinner were dreadful. Every low end bass beat made me sick to hear it. I kept thinking that I paid thousands of dollars for noise gates to make sure my PA systems never made any noises like that. Then I realized it was just a low frequency sine wave. No harmonic tones to it at all (not to mention it had absolutely no musical function in the song). It was just like low frequency feedback.  The two songs Beato is talking about here have a better quality low end tone. Not a dead sine wave. That's what makes them listenable, and most definitely danceable.
This song is to music, what Mcdonalds is to food.
Pop music creativity is dead.
Sounds like another generic Taylor Swift trash bubblegum song.
Well, that was the most intelligent, in-depth analysis and eloquent dissertation on a little piece of bubble-gum pop.  Please tell us your take on Miley's Plastic Hearts.  It sounds to us as if it had no backing musicians, just an overbaked stew of computerized, synthesized cloudy sounds. No focus, no line, no heart.
Pop music is all manufactured.
Is no one going to talk about how Rick was able to split the audio when showing the two songs
Call em out! Corporate music sucks! But also pays the bills. Show us how  it works.  Cheers
Music by numbers. No big deal. I always wonder which songs of today will still be popular 20, 30 , 50 years from now.
Thinking about the WHO and Rick says it 30 seconds  later. LOL
Thanks much for this video, Rick, as it's proof that you are truly the jack of all trades on here, and very sorry about your Aunt, as it was important for all of us to know the lineage and product of such a musical family that accepted each other, that was the main KEY to such a great teacher of all things music as you, but major family talent also...and truly a gift for all of us bored with banal cable who must peruse youtube.  I always wonder why I liked Zedd and Katy and Rihanna when I flip through my music choice stations, including Madonna in the 1980s is a must also, and I believe the Madonne was steps/leaps above Katy or even Ms. Gaga, due to mainly changing progressions/form/ key centers!... and THOSE are the reasons---even though I save the bubble gum pop mainly for workouts, walks, or other physical movement.  While I believe that too much of this sugary diatonic crap and particularly only in one key with one progression can be bad for our ears and "musical memories" and is giving us attention deficit listening syndrome in certain ways and lowering our musical IQ's in ways----you can't deny that it is inspiring and motivational stuff to a major extent.  You may need to make another video after this one about how to balance the diet between ear candy and ear spinach/greens (at Xmas that would be Vince Guaraldi probably, or he's required listening for sure this time of year!!).... but, it still sucks that major artists like Katy are the sucking sound with 9 producers and big lawyers pulling all the $$$$ out of an industry that like, journalism, is a public good enough where public or ISP dollars should support it somehow for the field to be at least more equal than it is, music is the MOST unequal and contributes greatly to our inequality in the USA today....
I love how Rick loves any genre of songs.
Crap. She stole a steaming pile of crap lol good job Katy Perry it took 9 people to steal their own crap song and regurgitate it into yet more crap for our listening enjoyment
It also has the opening beat of Teenage Wasteland by The Who.
You are a producer so if you can't like all music you in the wrong buissness
Kind of sounds like the Cherry Cola song during the verse
Kudos to Rick, for being able to tolerate a Katy Perry song for longer than it takes to change the station,  AND giving a damn if it was stolen.
Katy’s camp probably bought that beat/track and never used it. The other version dropped and became a hit, so they doctored the track a little and released a “better” version of the same song.
Just listened to a lot more Katy Perry than I planned to. Thanks Rick.
Michael Jackson: King of Pop Rick Beato: King of Pop Forensics
I just said the words teenage wasteland....at around 12:40..Anyway,  "Can you actually have a melody that's one note?" You don't know One Note Samba? How can I know it and not you? Well check it out it's a cool tune. It comes in instrumental and lyrical. As to this, I love this video. I have found a new and easier way to write songs and how to get away with being "inspired". Ohhhhh you did mentioned The Who. So I'll do my version and I'll include Pete Townshend with the other 9 writers.. When I get bashed for it, I'll refer the bashers to this video, and all will be Hunky  Dory. :)
I hate that song. The Dagny original is 100% better. What are you doing?
I can not believe you listen to either one of them,, there is no guitar!  wtf     LOL
Copy Perry has now taken at least 3 songs from other people.... and everyone hated Puff Daddy.... at least he paid the people he borrowed the songs from. "R.O.A.R" was taken Sarah Bareilles "Brave... and of course you know the law suit she lost with Flame, "Joyful noise" which she used on her "Dark Horse". Sure it was reversed but you know that is bullshit.
She also lost a suit about ripping off rapper Flame’s song “Go Buck”
It's not plagiarism or anything like that. They did ask Dagny upfront. That's why she is credited as one of the songwriters. Perrys team simply told Dagny that they liked her song, and wanted to make 'their' version of it. Money in the bank for Dagny, and opened doors. Perry obviously like Norwegian female singer/songwriters: Used Dagnys song, has had Astrid S on backing vocals on a song, and loves Aurora Aksnes (Frozen 2). All three of them has won several Norwegian 'Grammys'
Hey Rick, i hate you, my friend. You made me really like this song, now it is stucked in my mind! Hahahaha Now, seriously, i love your videos! You MUST do a video talking about brazilian 70s/80s rock songs, it would be reaaaally great. Thank you for sharing all that experience and knowledge.
Who does she think she is fer Christsakes?  Led Zeppelin?  (At least  she changed the title.)
Your "both at once" version was the best. =:o}  Any chance we can hear that all the way through, somehow?
Got a lot out of this Rick. Thank you. People often ask me why I listen to Jazz or Classical music and I often tell them, there are so many interesting / pleasurable devices that you don’t see in all types of music but there are still music creators crafting in all forms of music. I’m partial to a good pop record as much as anything. There are things happening in those records I don’t get out of Jazz / Classical / a rock either. 👍
Katy Perry’s voice is so average and her songs are overproduced in a way that the Dagny song isn’t. Or that an interesting artist like Grimes or HANA isn’t, however much layering they may use. But hey, we all have pop that we like for our own reasons (makes us feel good?) so not gonna hate on you Rick, do your thang boy 😉
Here's what I don't get: You show how Katy Perry's team literally ripped off another singer's song and how much they are EXACTLY alike and than you go on to discuss and basically celebrate Katy Perry's tune. Why? Why not discuss the ORIGINAL song by Dagny and celebrate HER. I mean c'mon, you just proved that she was ripped off and you acknowledged that she is a good singer and the song is really good, but yet, you end up further promoting the ripped off version by the already well-known commercialized singer! I don't get why you did that? This is exactly why other artists get ripped off all the time by bigger names and than get away with it! Jus sayin.
I much prefer the Dagny version. It doesn't sound as 'forced' or over-produced as the Katy Perry version.
Does anyone care about Katy perry anymore?
I CAN NOT get this Katy Perry song out of my head.   Like seriously. It’s a problem. I think the production on this song is Sooooo good.
i always wondered how writing credits work...like Nikki Sixx is often the only credit on a Motley Crue song so did he write EVERYTHING? He wrote the solo....the drum bits?
after this i’ll have to cleanse my palette with Slayer
8 ppl to turn on the computer, 1 to adjust the tempo.
Too bad both songs suck.
Well Katy perry has to stay relevant so Sombody has to pay up with their intellectual property...!  Katy isn’t running her career for nothing ya know !”
Can't really say she stole anything. She's a manufactured face over manufactured "music." I can't tell any of these "singers" apart anymore. It's just sad that their fans are so easily amused.
Omg can't stand that crap ... .
I’m glad you are covering the writing and production of some newer material. I love the classics but there is also true genius in writing a great pop song. This song apparently took a corporation to write.  On another note I’ve seen you analyze songs from some of my favorites; The Police, Oasis, Rush, and REM. Have you ever done anything with The Smiths. I always thought Johnny Marr’s guitar work was exceptional.
I’ll hazard a guess at the fact where ‘writing credits’ are due they came to a settlement agreement and Dagny has a pretty savvy lawyer who hooked a writing credits deal up. Royalties for a Katy perry song ain’t bad...
I'd say pop music is great production not not great songs. And i think Dagny is clearly the better vocalist.
I am probably one of the least musically knowledgeable people despite a few horrible years of piano lessons, and a small stint of oboe in jr high, but after stumbling across your channel( the Aunt Penny episode) I am now hooked. Go figure. 🤔
If Dagny got credit and money for this, I have no problem with it
Rick you're a treasure
Katy Perry (Roar) ripped Sara Bareilles (Brave)
Come on Ricardo. You know Love you like that is the better.
they both suck
Brilliant Rick
I LOVE YOUR CHANNEL! Happened to have headphones in when you did that. 😳
@RickBeato can you do a video on copyrights and how it applies to covers or new creations based around similar sounding tracks?
Garbage music.  They mass produce vomit.
If this the Anthony Bourdain of pop music?
9 writers and "both" songs are hot trash. This is just pathetic, generic, assembly line crap.
If course it has 9 writers. It's a motherf***** masterpiece... oh, I mean, they are. They both are. One was making coffee, 4 were playing Monopoly, two were getting inspiration from Gucci Gang and the other two were arguing if they should start the song with A flat or E flat.
Man this might be cheezy, and I'm still watching this, and I think it is cheezy?  But hell Rick, I think one of the reasons I just sit here and watch is because a lot of times it actually seems like you're talking to me.   Crazy!
Nine people to write the song... and it's still a POS.
Not the first, not the last to "borrow" some chords or melody from another artist. Sadly it happens. It happened to George Harrison and John Lennon. Others were lucky to get away with it.
So much music out there that sounds similar. Who cares anyway.
HA! we need more of these overlays on the airwaves!
No evidence of fraud here, but then again... it's 2020.
Old times: 1 people composes, play instruments and sings Today: 1 people don't sing, 7 don't compose e all rip off from another
I definitely like that Dagny version a lot better. It just sounds more real to me. Katy Perry just sounds so fake.
To me I find both songs complete noise. But Im brought up on soul, funk and jazz with 70s rock.
love it....you won me over....
She can also play the flute 🙄🤥🤥🤥🤫🤫🤫🤫
Katy Perry has like two songs that I can stand.
Having 6 different Gibson Les Pauls, 1 of every colour is such a freakn flex, man..!!  .. And I don't know whether to feel i)   impressed ii)   jeolous iii)  in awe...! iv) emasculated  v)   in contempt...     ? v)  or just plain ticked!    🤷‍♂️?   I guess... 💁‍♂️ *If I could, I would!*  And that's the answer to, and end of, it!
the version where Rick put both songs together made a great song
Flame had a song that was ripped off by her as well. Joyful v dark horse.
I don't hate pop music, that triplet rhythm for the chorus hurt my ears, though.    Might as well been rapping.
Hugh Padgham could have really made that song great....
This generation has lost all originality.
But its ok when popular stars steal from lesser known people.  Translation:  Whoever has more money wins in court.2
This is like One Direction's "Change Your Ticket" and The 1975's "Girls", except they didn't credit The 1975.
And I just found another gem thanks to Rick! Hey Rick, as long as we are on the bubble gum thing, why don't you do a WMTSG Carly Rae Jepson - Run Away with Me?
How many times can you listen to these boring songs for 13 yr old girls.
Pop music has never been troubled by using the same chord progressions over and again. Perry's production is far more punchy than the original, and it's cool that they cut the "inspiring artist" in, perhaps as a "tribute with benefits" to someone who genuinely inspired her.
Gee I enjoyed that lesson in pop. Thanks Rick.
they are catchy little pop songs . I'm a rock / metal guitar player but I also have the same guilty pleasure I love a good pop song. great  driving  around the city jam.
Your honesty is really remarkable, but, hey, it's like commenting and appreciating how harmonic and well formed are the spirals of a big poop.
The chorus vocal rhythm in the Katy Perry song really reminds me of the verse vocal rhythm from Savage Garden's "I Want You".
Thank you for reminding me, why I think conemporary pop music sucks and sounds all the same.
It even sounds like Savage Garden the song is I want You
so not really a rip-off.
Didn't Vanilla Ice get sued by Queen for less???
Yeah and phantom of the opera is a rip off of echoes...But here we are.
If that’s all it takes to get a hit do think queen would mind me doing same with bohemian rhapsody. I’ll turn down half of step unlike Katy Perry
This is the first time I've heard either song....and I think the only time I hated my ears more was when Korn tried to completely kill my hearing entirely at one of their concerts in the 90's. I had a headache and ringing ears for a day. Actually, I think I'd prefer that over listening to either of these two songs again. 😒
God bless you Rick, however, I respectfully disagree, I prefer the original Dagny track as it isn't so over produced.
Dagny is a female name in Sweden
Your dancing partners MUST love you👍😎 👍😎❤🖖 Love brother
Both are garbage .. so why bother ?
Hahahah now that's the kind of investigative stuff I can appreciate in covid times 😂 well spotted, sir
Modern pop music is terrible and not worth your time analyzing. Dude, go analyze Atom Heart Mother Suite.
Starbucks coffee sucks. I'm no coffee snob, and I usually drink just one cup a day in the morning, but after having pressed coffee (from an Aeropress) I don't really want it any other way. My son worked at Starbucks when he was in HS so I have tried just about all their coffee... and it tastes burnt. I got a can of Colombian coffee grounds from Costco and pressed it in an Aeropress... 10 times better than anything Starbucks brews... and one tenth the price, too.
I wonder if Rick has ever been brought in on a copyright infringement case?
Thanks for giving me permission to like this song.
Katy Perry can't have an original idea to save her life.  Steals titles of other songs and is "inspired" by other better artists. The only off the charts about her is her arrogance.  Met her, very full of herself to say the least.  Thanks for posting this, of course her fans will never see how she just rips off everyone and will think you're just hating on her.
I don't know, maybe if I was in the biz I'd feel different, but if I was Katy I would feel reallllly slimy about this without involving Dagny more than 1/9th of a writing credit. To me this is a remix - it is the exact same melody with some different effects and lyrics. I would be interested to hear how Dagny feels about it.
Hey Rick,  One pop song that I would love you to talk about is Dua Lipa's "Pretty Please". Especially because there is a long video of Ian Kirkpatrick explaining his Cubase project of it. I think it would be huge to have your comments on it.
Whoever has more fame, money, supporters and lawyers wins.
Bottom line: Katy Perry's music = vapid overproduced DRECK.
In terms of production and sound composition then yes it may be a well made pop song. But it is just terrible for me. No soul no love just make a song that will make money. And that is the issue with todays music (pop) industry do what sells not what you enjoy bands just jump on the trendy bandwagon.
It actually sounds great when both are playing at the same time ....
I don't really like either of these versions. They both sound soooooo corporate, almost as if they were written by teams of 9 corporate exec -- oh, wait, never mind. :-/ And, anything that's all 1 note I would not call "music". 4 chords and 28456174 repetitions of Bb isn't "music"; it's just "record companies grubbing for dollars".
REMINDS OF OF THE WHO......OUT HERE IN THE FIELDS.........BABA O'RILEY?
You ain't see nothing yet.......BTO....
Hey Rick, maybe this could be another subject for you, "songs that are direct rip-offs or other artists!". there was a lot of this in the late 60's and the 70's, but no-one seemed to get mad over it. (yes I am that old!)
Dagny is a pretty unknown gem. Perfect mark for other more famous artists to "rip off" as she writes great music in her genre.
Most popular 'pop' music is like the Amazon of shopping. Simple, quick and easy. It's about money, not effort and love for music. Even though they believe it is. And don't even start me with auto tune!
Would love for you to do a Billie Eilish song production break down.  Interested to see how you would explain the differences between a studio production and a bedroom production.
All those people wrote...THAT? Too many cooks...
I worked at a studio where  a Blue Note album had just been recorded... a third of the entire budget had had to go toward the producer's fee... who came in  for an hour or two, once, with his iPod and one earbud in his ear, ignoring the studio staff, and walked around showing each group of jazz musicians a song each from a 10 song playlist of popular songs from 10-20 years before, and being like "play that." ...and that's the album. Dude took tens of thousands of dollars to tell people that dope songs exist. Yeah, we know.  Because people more creative than you came up with those songs. But I don't get those big bucks, so what do I know?
Lost me at Starbucks.
Why the hell are you listening to pop?
Suuuuuuuuckz
Is it just me who thinks the two songs together make an absolute banger?
Sara Bareilles, now Dagny... mhm
Zeds dead baby
I really like Rick but when he starts talking b flat major11ths I am lost.  I play Guitar by ear, I know 8 chords (still struggle with Barre  chords, and I feel really stupid when he breaks it all down. I play for fun, I don’t gig, but I really love music.  Am I just not good enough to. Appreciate Rick?  ps-I loved the show about your aunt Rick..what a lovely lady, my condolences
Both songs sucks ....
Was just about to type 'like the who', and you said it.! Love your videos dood.
Honestly at least they included Dagny in the songwriting credits.
I really want to put a pitch-appropriate bit of "Baba O'Riley" over both of them.
Great break down!
I worked on the team that helped break Katy Perry. The sad thing is she is absolutely the real deal in terms of songwriting and musicianship. I’ve seen and heard it up close. But, somewhere along the way she lost sight of that to become a Pop icon.  So instead of all the great stuff I’m confident she could write...we are subjected to this.
God DAMN, Rick, your really tore Katy a new one!
Unpopular opinion: The Mandalorian is the Katy Perry pop of the Star Wars universe. Corporate committee driven over creativity. Great looking, great sounding but the lyrics/script sucks.
You said Katy Perry's version is way better. The Dagny song's low harmony chorus (on "Love you Like That, love you like that") is way better than the Katy Perry song. It gives it that poignant ever-after tang. I don't know how someone could not prefer that.
Wow
Randy California really enjoyed this video.
This reminds me of Keith Richards unconsciously copying K.D. Lang's 'Constant Craving' with his 'Has Anybody Seen My Baby'. They gave Lang co-writing credits (they asker her and she ok'd it), making that song the only one on which the Stones shared co-writing credits with anyone, at least up until that time. The story goes Richards was playing his new song in his living room when his daughter walked in humming 'Constant Craving' and Richards realized 'Uh oh'.
I call Katy Perry, the biggest pop star in the world; by default. I've always been puzzled by her success as her music is just, doesn't feel authentic. It just feels polished and manufactured enough to grab listeners, often with attention grabbing, awful songwriting. At times, the songwriting feels like it's done by a group of 10 year olds making their image of what being an inspiring, sexual or melancholic adult would be. But she's successful for years because, I feel she had few to compete with, there was a vacuum in pop music, and she took it because she was the only one to capitalize. That's Katy Perry to me.
Outrageous !! What kinda of music do you listen in your car man?!?!
I really like the version you panned L & R and played them together😁
You're right Rick they sound the same man somebody should be suing somebody
After her first album Perry quit music and became a Leftwing, Political Activist.
Rick Beato channel is the only place i can force myself to listen to a Katy Perry song.
Honestly that Katy Perry song is just not that great of a song 🤔
Nothing organic about pop music. Its formulaic and designed to make money.
When they run DRY on their own ideas they start stealing everyone else's
Just finished Ted Templemans book and learned Michael McDonald from Doobies was robbed of songwriting credit on VH’s “I’ll Wait”. Worse part is both VH and Doobie Brothers were Ted’s artists. Now that is a producer pickle to be in.
Anyone else reminded of "I want you" by Savage Garden in the song?
“It’s like The Who!” 😄
Cagney singing is better than perry
9 people whew to make a clone
I love listening to music through your ears.
I'm sitting here wondering who Dagny ripped it off from....Sorry, who Dagny was "really inspired" by.
Somehow, so many female pop vocalists sound _extremely_ similar to me. Their songs (in structure, instrumentation, rhythm, etc.) too, but that‘s another topic; I‘m talking about their voices here, their timbre, phrasing and so on. Has it always been like that? I don‘t remember it to be—in the 80s, I feel it was quite easy to tell artists apart. But maybe it‘s just because I rarely listen to contemporary pop music?
She doesn’t write her own music. Producer Benny blanco wrote her numbers ones among other other producers.  David gray is the only genuinely self produced artist to break the charts in last decade or so
My guess is Dagny can actually perform her song live.
Sorry but that is a well produced very boring common format song. Very boring.
You’re too smart, musically, to waste your time on either one of these tunes. Meanwhile, Nik Kershaw has recently released a 16 track masterpiece called Oxymoron. It’s equivalent to The White Album. Seriously! Much better use of your time. Thank you for listening.
Nah the bad lyrics isn't the reason pop music is terrible (bad lyrics don't make Black Sabbath terrible), it's the soulless music written by committee and produced by focus groups. It's the fact that it's a patchwork of cliches designed to cynically pander to predictable and predetermined audience tastes for the sole purpose of making money.  Not all "pop" music is made using the junkfood factory method. Some "pop" music is made by the performers because they love it, the same way rock bands do. I'm talking Frankie Lymon and the Teenagers, Eddie Cochran, The Beatles, Bowie, Michael Jackson, Prince, Blondie, Eurythmics, Grace Jones, Bjork etc. That stuff is good because it has some soul to it, and a direct line to the creative instincts and worldview of someone. The performers are the writers and they have to stand behind their work. Even though the genre is "pop" the medium is very different, still band and artist driven, and talent is still part of the creative process.  The same hacks writing music for people like Katy Perry today would have been writing for David Cassidy back in the 60s and 70s and it wouldn't be hard to see how bland and spiritless their songs are. It's a style of "creativity" that doesn't even need a songwriter, just a record label with a popularity algorithm. It works because of the target audience. The reason a room of six 45 year old record industry goons can write hit singles for 12 year old girls speaks more to the power of marketing and the stupidity of 12 year olds than it does to the songwriting talent in the room.  Gotten to the point where my friends and people I play in bands with have started calling pop music "junkmusic". Sadly, even though I can scientifically prove that McDonald's is bad for you, unfortunately the same thing cannot be said for Katy Perry.  I'm 100% certain that listening to Katy Perry makes people stupid, I just can't prove it scientifically.
So Dagny got writing credit on "Never Really Over", does that mean they got a share of the royalties off the Katy Perry song too?
Rick, you really think this is a great pop song??? I, too, have guilty pleasures but, I draw the line with this lame, empty of any emotion, one note "song".  Will you be bopping along to this in 3 mos?
this man: explains music me who knows nothing about music : yes i agree
Pass on both of those songs. Sure a third version will be out soon.
Reminiscent and similar production and arrangement techniques as In The Middle.
So many pop songs today are rip offs of others. Rick, can you comment on the similarity of Dua Lipa's "Break My Heart" with INXS "Need You Tonight"? Or Bieber's "Intentions" and K'Naan's "Wavin' Flag"? There are so many!
She already lost a lawsuit for stealing the beat to “Dark Horse” from a Christian rapper. This isn’t the first time she’s stolen something for a hit.
Clarity is probably the best song everrrr
An equally glaring example which comes to mind: Emilie Autumn's _Castle Down,_ sounding like a blatant copy of Imogen Heap's _Candlelight._  So far as I know, this one has flown under the radar for nearly twenty years.
Typical "artist" of these days. Much like Hollyweird no original ideas, keep ripping off other people, scripts, songs, stunts, classics, etc. This is why music of today has no staying power and does not stay relevant. If you look back at artists like Rush, Clapton, Boston and more you have songs tracked back in the 70's STILL relevant today. Nobody will know who Katy Perry in in 5 years.
But never really over is certainly better and I guess cool party song
You are a music God ☺👍
amazing production analysis, as usual 🎹
Ok Rick , have you ever looked close at BeeGees songs?, love this channel ❤
It took 9 people to write a song so incredibly horrible... yup. That about sums up todays pop music. About as original as... It's not. It just not original at all. It all sounds the same. I can't listen anymore. It hurts. It hurts so bad.
i mean.... this is extremely common in today's pop music...
It's a shame money comes in to play with these things, and there are only so many musical ideas.. I still think stealing and getting inspired by are two different things. Both are fine, just be honest about it.
You mentioned this, so I had to say it, all of these songs use the same, or similar melody. You'll be especially surprised by Carry That Weight and The Air That I Breathe.  1957 - Elvis Presley - That's When Your Heartaches Begin 1965 - Christophe - Aline 1969 - The Beatles - Carry That Weight 1972 - Albert Hammond - The Air That I Breathe  1974 - The Hollies - The Air That I Breathe  1992 - Radiohead - Creep  2003 - Vuelve - Latin Dreams  2008 - Los Ronaldos - No puedo vivir sin ti  2015 - Mon Lafarte - Tu tanta falta de querer  2016 - Cruel Youth - Mr. Watson  2017 - Lana Del Rey - Get Free
It would be pretty ironic if Katy Perry’s “people” have this video taken down for copyright infringement.
I love that you have no problem loving pop music. And good pop music.
You have to butch up your play list. Lol!
I hope you haven't been democratized for this. Great exposition.
Pop sucks. Zero talent. 5 year wonders try to sing what is written for them, pathetic garbage...
I always love your pro perspective Rick and totally get how some of these pop songs can be really good, SOME...actually seems like few but anyway I'm gonna go listen to the Grateful Dead...
It's incredible how pop songs these days is just a chorus with a hook repeated over and over. No substance whatsoever. Like chewing a bubble gum which has lost its flavor after only 5 minutes.
Katy Perrys crew knew exactly what they were doing from the get go. They wanted that song.  “Man, i wish I wrote that” and took it because they could make more money out of it and fans wouldnt realize or care.  Its like Nirvana in bloom.  The fans that know the words but knows not what it means.
Juuuust let it be a quote, like in Jazz, and let it go.
I love how there are already mashups of this on YT ...they knew
Leaving comment, Cos Rick asked me to.
I like both songs playing together,lol
All of the modern female singers sound the same. Give me Pat Benetar, Joan Jet, Blond and Heart.
Some guys like baseball. They like to watch it, like to play it. But wouldn't baseball be WAY BETTER if all the players wore super-powered armor and played in zero gravity? Yes? No? Be way different, that's for sure. Would it still even be baseball, with all the physical limitations changed like that by technology? This is what computers have done to rock and pop. Why should I be amazed at the perfection of computers, even when guided by human fingers?
Sorry, but I simply cannot relate to computer generated crap that some call music. I guess that's why I never ever got into RAP/hip-hop
So he was in the car and "some pop station" was on. First off tough guy, it doesn't matter if you listen to Pop everyone knows their local pop stations name, psychology says you're lying and another thing, how'd you know it was Katy Perry before she even started singing? Your story isn't adding up brother
Had to steal music from every which way I could to write this song come on rick only 12 notes have to borrow from someone's previous song over thousands of years
I find it unbelievable you listen to this crud.
“We live in a world of refinement not invention." -Marco Pierre White
Picasso said something to the effect that it's easy to perfect a work of art after the initial artist did all the hard work.
At a boy Rick . Keeping rock and roll in its glory and these radio songs on the chopping block 👍😎
I'm getting inspired to break in and steel all of the food in my neighbors fridge.
Here's an idea.... sell online tickets for " a day with Rick"   I'd pay for a chance to slam some cold ones and jam music for a day with ya bud. Totally love your knowledge and enthusiasm  with music and the industry
You should check out "Somebody" from Dagny. Won Song of the Year in Norway. Cheers from Norwegian Beato fan 🙋‍♂️
Pretty harsh calling out Perry, she probably didn't even know this. The producers clearly did.
Never thought you would mention Clarity by Zedd, cool Rick!
Everything Rick is saying makes these songs great is what I can't stand about them. I listened to both songs and I don't think I heard an actual guitar.
Every time you said Love you like that, I sang the John Michael Montgomery song to myself.
dagny is awesome
Who is Katy Perry ????
I really don't like this kind of music. I like certain pop music, but that.. nah. Too cliche, too common, and way too sterile for me. Who I really love, who really makes great music is Aurora. That woman is a genius. Katy Perry? Eh, not so much. But that's probably why Katy Perry co-signed her and is a huge fan of her music.
By "really well produced," do you mean "really over-produced"? And yes, I agree that Dagny is a better singer than Katy Perry, but that's not saying much. And with all that Auto-tune, how can you tell that she's a good singer?
DAGNY ❤  Katys Copie Clone SUCKS!  who cares if is Great Production with a Army of Producer INVOLVED! thats even more shaming!
I think it's a pity that this video focuses on the merits of Perry's song. Better would be to concentrate on Dagny and give her some props and highlight the merits of HER song and production
I still thinks Dagny’s song is better 🤷‍♂️🙈
The best thing about Rick is he appreciates good music.. No matter of what era it is .. A guy with great knowledge of music
So you’re like the Lt Colombo of the music world !
you could probably also line it up next to any number of Taylor Swift songs...
Katy is actually talent.  She did NOT need to do this song. Hum?  Guess an opportunity for $$ was too tempting?
You aren't going to create good, personal songs together on a musical assembly-line. The number of folks involved in writing and producing Perry's song is insane. Speaks volumes as to why mainstream music has gone so far down hill.
Nice video Rick, I enjoy your insight.
NINE people to produce one track...stuff like this is why I can't respect pop music. I can appreciate the role it plays, on the rare occasion I can even enjoy it, but I can't respect it.
I mean, it isn't the first time (of course), and it definitely won't be the last time that an artist basically copies another artist's song. That's what makes the music industry work. I kid, of course, but this is obviously an undeniable copy-paste job.
This is why I like a lot of kpop-the music is good but I cant understand the lyrics so I dont have to barf when I hear stupid lyrics
I have no ear. All I hear is pro-tools produced pop that sounds like absolutely every other pop song in the top 20 right now.
Great analysis Rick! IMO a good song is a good song, no matter the genre.. .I do love me some pop sometimes. If music makes you feel something, it's valid.
Meh.  It's a pop song.  They just took Pete Townsend's chords.
Katy got smart, why deal with a lawsuit when you can pay the original artist. My only criticism is that both songs are two minutes too long.  They both lack enough of a substantial build up to warrant a climatic ending to a four minute song. Katy in fact just fade's down. If vocal layering is your way of saying... tripling vocals creates a climatic ending. That's sad just sad.
Todays music is about the money, not the music.
I get it ... Rick is admiring the song from a producers perspective ... But this music is like processed food ... You can pretty up the plate you serve the spam on ... but it's still all filler 🐷💋👌
Sorry Katy Perry..blech
I've been saying this for awhile. Also, her "wide awake" song sounds a bit like "fly away" by Lenny Kravitz.
Its clear to me song writers resell content. Compare the Lindsey Sterling Pete's dragon movie song.. Then compare Alessia Cara Scars to your beautiful.
The only thing missing from this music is a band. Musicians, with instruments, a singer / song writer, or two, with the bass player and drummer sharing credits just because , they're a band. One for all. All for one. At least till the record companies come in and turn everyone against each other. ........ That being said, another excellent video Rick discussing the science of the music.
I think they both owe a nod to The Who’s “Baba O’Riley”. Same chord relationships, similar melody.
Your knowlege of music and production in phenomenal.  I really admire your analysis of songs and can enjoy them more.
Thanks for pointing this out! wow, I can't believe this can even happen without being classified as a cover.
Great job Rick. You should actually do the same for I see Fire from Ed Sheeran and Listen to your Heart from Roxette. It’s uncanny! Such a cheap rip off. Even the string section is a one on one copy 😂
She sold her soul to the devil.  There went her morals.
i want to see him react to riddim dubstep lmao
You're a closet Katie Perry fan just like the rest of us
I personally think both versions are completely vapid and I would notice the similarities enough to change the station, unless I was in the car with my daughter who would force me to listen to it.
Rick is still all about music and this vid exemplifies why Rick is cool, unlike so many Boomers who clog  comment sections whinging  about how music stopped some time in the 90's, and don't support the artists out there who are actually making the music they constantly say "nobody makes anymore".
smh i feel like they do this ALL the time nowadays in the industry considering there' s so much talent out here to poach....... I've peeped Drake & Khalid songs that were poached
Hey Rick! --Any thoughts on "Fallin'" (Adrenaline) by the boy band, Why don't We? --That song has 15 songwriters and 2 producers. --and also a killer acoustic version worth checking out. What makes it so good?
This is a perfect candidate for a mash-up.
There's actually two arguments that can be made here. 1, legitimizing Einstein's theory of simultaneous Inception. Which could possibly be a reality, if any of those nine people, were the ones who created the A major scale. Or two, the pop music industry is out of original ideas. Which, seems to me, I've seen that before. With goth kids. They were so adamant about seeking their individuality... They looked just like each other. Right down to the dog collar... and same brand of eyeliner.
I’m no pop music fan, but can’t deny that dagny has one hell of a voice
Why do I love this guy so much ?
this channel blew up
Rick, Katie added a snap track...clearly different 😂😂😂
Come on Rick. This is to music what cheetos is to cheese. Sounds stitched together in a laboratory. A soulless Frankenstein of borrowed and cliched bits of technology.
If you want a fun comparison of songs that were inspired by the melody of a previous song, check out this 'chain': Bronsky Beat - Smalltown Boy 1984 Real McCoy - Automatic Lover 1993 Supermode - Tell Me Why 2006 September - Cry for You 2006 Infernal - Whenever You Need Me 2008 Brandon Flowers - I Can Change 2015
Not for the first time... Katie Perry's Roar is a rip off from Sara Bareilles' Brave... 🙄
Yah welcome to Universal Music group! evil or not they steal!
Dagny is from my hometown of Tromsø, Norway. cool to hear that more and more people are hearing her music :D
I can't listen to any of these modern songs. It's real mental torture
yeah she stole the Dagny song.  If it was a Tom Petty song, she would have been sued....LOL   To me, Julia Michaels is the best at this type of pop music.  Katy is nothing but a tag along to the Julia Michaels gravy train of song success.
You've....got ....to....be....kidding...😒......Dagny is hands down the better vocalist......better version...and not given over to the label demons....
My question is why would you want to steal a song that sucked to begin with? Oh wait we are talking about Katy Perry.
Before Dagny, Savage Garden wrote "I want you" - That is the original idea behind both "songs".
It needed 9 writers to mask the Dagny song to call their own.
9 writers because everyone wants to get paid!
I appreciate how the topic went from how KP was 'inspired' to how Rick actually just really likes the song. Very uplifting. Thanks RB.
When I first heard Never Really Over and found out it was "sampled" from Dagny's song, but only then to realize that it sounded pretty much the same and it didn't sound like it was sampled at all.
9 people to rewrite a song.. Haha what the fuck.
Nice deconstruction on this Rick, and enlightening us some of techniques utilized to be successful in “Commercial Music”.🤘🏾
9 people right this song WOW, I really miss the 70's !
Hi Rick, I love your insightful breakdowns. You reveal so much to us, who have listened to much of the Pop idiom and haven't 'dug' deeply into these tunes. There are so many examples of 'similar' song structures that tread very marginally around previously published songs. Somehow, these parallel copies seemingly avoid, or are alternately manipulated, to skirt around the copyright issues? Including the original song writer Dagny in the song writing credits of Katy Perry's 'It's Never Really Over', with 8 other co-writers was definitely their way out.
9 writers to make a song ??? Chris Cornell wrote Black Hole Sun driving his car home from a party. You decide
Coffee at Starbucks? I highly doubt it
People can make the argument that 10 people writing something relatively simple like this is overkill, but perhaps they need that many to make sure the song is appealing to as many people as possible as fast as possible so they can get to the next song?
Why I hate pop: Garbage Lyrics, uninnovative song writing, most sound the same to me, way too dumbed down. There is no emotion in the music. The lyrics are the only way these kinds of songs can express emotion.
All the amp heads and guitars that are gently weeping behind Rick... T_T
Not the first time a Katy Perry song was "inspired" by someone else's work. I've said for years that Dark Horse was a blatant ripoff of Moments in Love by Art of Noise.
I'd love to see your analysis of two movie songs that seemed to me to be copies: Greatest Showman's Never Enough vs. Eurovision Song Contest: The Story of Fire Saga's Husavik--My Home Town.  Maybe The Eurovision movie copied it to capture the same emotions as a spoof but even the song lengths are the same.
I actually love the chorus on the Katy Perry track. The dry, multilayered vocals are a really cool sound to me
As if Katy Perry could even write a song in A flat major.
I have never in my life been listening to a song and recognized that it's a Katie Perry rip-off. Not even once.
Rick, what’s wrong with you? I would rather listen to a mix of a leaf blower, a manual typewriter, a blender, and a power drill.
Same song, different lyrics 👀
Thievery
You can make a similar comparison with Katie Perry's 'Roar' to Sara Bareilles 'Say what you want to say'. Same key, same BPM. You can sing the chorus' over each other and they sound like they could be one song.
You're far too kind Rick ...... It's all crap as far as I'm concerned. 9 songwriters ???? That kind of says it all.
The whole thing is disingenuous to me because Katy Perry is copying the entire song, acting like it's hers. Slimey ethics. How could you not be embarrassed by that personally if you call yourself a songwriter?
This has “My Lovely Horse” written all over it.
Love your insights.
I think it is really hard to write music that doesn't already sound like some other song. Did Katy Perry's team hear the song before, it is definitely possible. There are a lot of songs that we don't hear of the pay offs before using a song riff or some beat. It's like if you have a good song that is never been heard or copyright and upload to youtube, it would definitely be stolen without question.
Crap. Is Katy Perry going to be the Led Zeppelin of our time where copyright suits are concerned?
Sweet! I know of 2 post Malone songs and I think they're both way more obvious (albeit possibly less spot on) rip offs of extremely popular (couple years older) songs. Namely, Beck's "Wow" and kinda ironically Katy's "Roar", which I'm assuming is another rip off of something else. Also, the basic structure/instrumentation of that big Lourde song "Royals" seems to have been ripped off by a few artists, like Taylor Swift and I'll just guess Post Malone.
TOTAL RIP OFF .. this seems to be a common practice with modern POP music ..Teenage Breakdown LOL
WOW!!!!!!!!!
The snare stuff is Grey's sound.  Those swoshes I bet are from KSHMR's pack.
This is not nearly as close of an "homage" to another song as you get from Of Monsters and Men "Little Talks".  First time I heard it come on Pandora, I thought it was a song I knew and liked by Edwarde Sharp and the Magnetic Zeros, "Home", then the singing started, and I think I literally said what the f***. Of course Monsters didn't share any credit with Edward Sharpe. Edit: Just scrolled through over 100 comments with no mention of these songs.  I thought it was about the most blatant and second most well known rip-off ever (after Pressure/Ice, Ice).
“It’s like the who”.....exactly what i was thinking. 🤦‍♂️ These songs aren’t written they are produced. Aren’t there computers that have boiled down number one hits and can now produce original songs based on those characteristics?  Yuck.  Its like the next generation of auto tune, no singer or musician required. Either way love your insight and appreciation for all things music. 👍
Hey Rick - you should release the blended song as "Never Over-Love You" on YouTube -- it would be more popular that either of them alone!!  LOL
Come on be honest Rick, you really just  got the hots for Katy Perry so rave about her music so she will liiike you verrry much....you sneaky fox!
Fascinating.  i couldn't hear most of what you were referring to, except that they both sound the same.  I trust you.  So, are you saying that because there were most of the same producers that Katy won't go to jail?
The mediocrity and unoriginality of modern pop should be the title of this vid.. the melody of the chorus is so monotone  its the same note being spit out syncopated with the beat.. awww youre smitten by young female singers how cute
Really.  one of the best songs in last ten years???
Same thing happend to me when I confused Hooch by Sum-41 with P.O.D's Boom... And Sum-41's No Reason with Infest by Papa Roach.
Both of these songs sound like everything I hear in the radio these days. For example the chorus in both of the songs remind me of something I have heard from Sigrid, and many more. So who is ripping who off really...My conclusion is that both of these  songs are just way to generic to say that one of the songwriter owns anything. Even with the Dagny song.
It's like The Who. Love if
Rick, you've just done a really good mashup !!
I'll take Ricks word here. He's the professional. But I didn't hear any music in this video.
Katy the dishonest
And Don Henley  has 60 employees to catch 6 seconds of a song to bitch about lmao and this hooch Perry just outright steals an entire song.
The eight-note patter has a Roxette flavor.
This could have been pulled straight from T-Swizzle's 1989 album.. if you would have told me this was a deep cut from that album i would have believed you.  This stuff sounds so overly polished and recycled to me, but in the car with the wife and kids, im always out numbered.
You're so clever, Rick, being able to do all the technical stuff as well as the musical part!  What an inspiration you are!
6:22 "And then you hear the sucking sound..." Oh yeah, I hear it.
Yeah, sometimes it’s a curse to have “big ears” Rick. There have been many times I’ve felt offended… For artists having been ripped off. Hopefully in this case there was some monetary remuneration.
Zedd's dead, baby, Zedd's dead.
Sorry Rick, I don't care how you spin it, Perry's version is a piece of uninspired crap on top off being a complete steal of someone else's song! I would be shocked if  Dagny  got much if any compensation for this blatant theft. I wish this was a rare occurrence but unfortunately it's not. Happens all the time. It is nice that you are shining a light on this one song though. So, thanks for that.
Oh, you should really listen to psychedelic trance (prog), Rick... It's one of the very few genres I've never heard you really talk about..
New series: "What makes this song passable?"
Very nice, thanks. 1 note melody; play the lead melody once then 1 note real fast. In The Dark, Squire. Also thanks, for the Dagny.
Dagny should sue Katty Perry for ripping her off.
Feels very Savage Garden too no?
Why are you surprised? It's a pop song and they all sound same.
To me I hear "Baba O' Riley" rip off... :-)
That chorus bass groove is also found in "style" by Taylor Swift.
Best things are done with a good team. That's the way it is. Already always. The combination makes the Hit Track and in indeed a bit of promotion and a lot of money. Noone can deny. ;-)
I could see you dancing when no one is watching to that song. I'll give your son a fin if he gets you on video
There are only 12 notes to work with in Western music , so inevitably things will sound "similar"(?). Pretty much every Doo-Wop song was 1,6m, 2m/4 , 5. Only the lyrics change(d).  I guess if I ever wanna write a hit, I gotta do it in Ab. Probably why my one really good song(in Db)never went anywhere.
So here is the deal. I write songs. I have an EP. ALL of my songs are copyrighted before they are released. Anyone lifts any of my tunes they are dead in the water. Believe me. As you, Rick, and all of the people who follow you who write songs know it is a long, decisive process to write and produce music and a lot of hard work at times as well as being an enjoyable activity. Don't think for one second these cheap, fly by night, pop star/boy band songwriters aren't scoping soundcloud, spotify and other mediums for song "ideas" for their little cash cows because they damn well are! Nice catch!
she also copied this from I LIKE ME BETTER haha
Great breakdown, Rick. The Katy Perry song is ok5, the Dagny song sounds better to me. When I'm hearing them both at once it sounds better than the Katy Perry song alone.
Incredible how both songs together don't make a single proper song.
Inspired - the discounted version of licensed ! Ha
Great video Rick, I love your enthusiasm and ability to see great production or a great performance, no matter what genre.
lol reminds me of Vanilla Ice adding another ding* to Under Pressure’s bassline
Brilliant as always.
Good video for the 2020 presidential election.  Massive fraud - this will never be over,  bitches.   Election fraud is at the core of what is wrong in the world.   BTW,  pop is all fake music now - straight out of the matrix.
They coulda' just changed the first "even" to ever?
A flat major: *exists* Zedd: "Its free real estate"
Sadly, there is no originality in Pop Music anymore. Sampling and Auto Tune desecrated it.   The Late, Great Mama Cass was right.  You Gotta Make Your Kind Of Music.  Sampling=PLAGIARISM
I don't know ... To me the Dagny song has something sweet and authentic to it that's polished away by the Katy Perry copy.
Today, all my troubles seem so far away. Just a lyric I wrote inspired by Yesterday.
I like that the producers were smart enough not to try and pass the song off as wholly original. However, it this point, why not just keep (or slightly alter) the lyrics and call it a cover?  I mean, when I think 'inspired by', I think 'Comme d'habitude - Even a Fool Learns to Love/My Way - Life on Mars?'. Not this. This is a cover by, for some reason, another name.
There's something surprisingly wholesome about seeing Rick Beato fanboying over a bubblegum-pop song.
We need to find a fan 4 then send them to you.
Daniel James got a credit on this - i always thought he was a bit over-rated as a Man United player, but i'm now re-appraising that opinion .
I honestly don't have the patience to listen to most contemporary music.  I'm glad you do.  Wake me up when artists quit copying each other and people return to playing real instruments.
Omg…I wish more people in the industry would have the balls to call out the B.S. with these people that think they can take and do anything they want because they are wealthy and cough-cough…um superstars.  I really think your a class guy Rick and thanks for all the great videos.
I don’t know why this video exists since you read out the fact that they were aware they would’ve had a copyright crapfest on their hands. As soon as someone noticed, a major lawsuit would’ve been on the horizon. So rather than scrapping the song or (heaven forbid) reworking it so it’s not a direct ripoff, they brought the writers of Dagny’s song in on it for credits and most likely a bagful of money.   A more talented musician with integrity (i.e. not Katy Perry who is neither a musician nor has any integrity) would’ve insisted on reworking the song or scrapping it entirely. But due to the lack of integrity and talent, she either didn’t want to do that or it never even popped into her pop princess head.
I like Ricks version best
I enjoy this channel
I dont understand you think this is good music.
Great analysis (as always), but the difference between listening to these songs and just plug my headphones in a piece of plastic escapes me.
In college once I was assigned to write a short story. I was inspired by Red Barchetta. I changed it to corvette though, so it’s ok. I got an A.
At first I thought „C‘mon Rick, serious? Are you starting aother lawsuit on this?“ toooo boring! but then it turned into a great production analysis. Yeah another rocket from rick! Thanx
Hi Rick, Love your channel.   Just wanted to make you aware that about at 9:10 into your video someone stole one of your guitars.  It happened really fast I couldn't make out any faces.
you just made a new song with the two lol
Like what's your point? Dagny and crew were credited.  Yeah, they are carbon copies...but how many other songs are too? You don't need all the computer programs and such to prove something...you didn't break open an age-old mystery.
I've always been baffled by Katy Perry's "Roar" which is a direct ripoff of Sara Bareilles' "Brave" -- I have to think a deal was made, but it's disappointing -- yeah production is great, but being used as a mask for poor musicianship.
Great dissection!
I was literally looking up Baba when you said, "It's like The Who."
Nice work , man.
I can't stand the Katy Perry vocals though. Dagny's vocals sound so much better.
Katy sux.
Puddle of Mudd's "Blurry" sounds like a rip-off of Duncan Shiek's "Barely Breathing" but it's played with different instrumentation.
who cares ?!? .. -)..
Now he’s a music detective.  Awesome.
I think I will continue listening to the back catalogues of Pink Floyd, Led Zep, Beatles, Beach Boys and The Band. Thanks anyway.
A long time ago, James Brown got pissed with his material being sampled/copied/"inspiring" others and being told they were "paying homage to him".  In an interview he said he decided to sue for royalities from anyone who copied his material, "well, if you're paying homage to me, then you're PAYING to homage me."
I want to know what you think of Kanye west, love this song break down style vid
Well Perry stole Dark Horse from flame/Lecrae...
I loved thus freaking song from the first moment I listened, something about the drums, is amazing
This was kind of a sneaky What Makes This Song Great: Katy Perry
Can you do a POST-ROCK music review?  That would be awesome. Thanks man. I love your work.
Oh boy just wait til you hear about the reggaeton genre.
You should do Smells Like Teen Spirit and more than a feeling.
Katy perry is a talentless hack!!!
Well shown observation Rick. Interesting ....
Ha Ha...does it really need nine writers?...apparently it does.  Thanks Rick love your channel.
Have you heard the original- If I were a Boy by BC Jean? Love her voice
I feel whipsawed!  Yesterday I listened to your review of Gordon Lightfoot -- today Katy Perry.  So aside from the fact that it's a blatant copy, and predictable -- you somehow found something that 'made the song great".
People like me hate pop muzak for these exact reasons you think this is great.  Simple,  familiar boring.  It follows formula & lacks "any" originality.
It takes 9 people to write (copy) a fucking song...?!? Oy!
Is this what passes for music these days?  Pretty sad really, I grew up in the 1970's...
Perhaps the oddest copyright enforcement was against The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band " Canyons Of Your Mind " (Viv Stanshall)  by the writers of Doris Day's " If I Give My Heart To You ".  The bonzos kept the original on the album and on some push out and centre hole UK releases but changed it through the run to avoid the more direct notes and phrasing which appears on other single copies.
Have you heard Liam gallagher's new song , very much like a John Lennon esque composition it is very very good.
Nine writers ,  pain to enter to discogs.
A great song is a great song
I have a question, waht is it with australians and great pop music? Is there something in the water?
besides the contect quality, recording quality is very high! what is the trick here?
@Rick - Great channel. Was really looking forward to doing breakdown on a Dave Mathews Band song. Anyone you like. Also what are your thoughts on Alexandr Misko guitar playing ability?  Looking forward toward a video. Thanks Rick.
Respect to Katy Perry and company for getting ahead of it and letting Dagny in on the songwriting credits.  For a smaller artist, getting a cut of a major pop song could be the difference between making it another year as a working musician or hanging it up and getting a more traditional job.  Good for Katy and any other major pop star that gets inspired by lesser known artists.
Hey we got a cool remix tho😂
I am always singing cause I'm always fucking breathing and I can't stop breathing cause I'm always fucking singing
Best song on the CD!  I stopped what I was doing and replayed it the first time I heard it.
The vocal phrase you are talking about at the end is a 2/3 New Orleans Clave starting on the & of beat one. 1, e (&)a     2 (e) &, a   (3),e &,(a)    4 e(&)a.  .. syllables in parenthesis denotes Clave phrase....Which starting on the "and" of beat one is accenting every 3rd sixteenth note rounding off with 1 at end.   Dave Dicenso discusses that there are 5 universal claves.  A song usually has one if not more of these that creates a rhythmic phrase that is the "rhythmic key" to each song.  Sometimes in the vocal, sometimes the guitar or bass line, etc.   As a drummer,  understanding this helps to construct beats that create a rhythmic dance in rhythm section... In this instance ,the kick drum four on floor underneath dances with her vocal rhythm on top. Bam...You felt it.  Game changer concept to latch on to.....King Konga alumnus...;).  Love your vids!!
Rick's observations about the undeniability of pop music begs some questions in my mind. I, too, love it now and then. I find the attractiveness of great hooks impossible to ignore even if it feels like a shallow pleasure. But as I listen to Rick analyze these elements, talking about key signatures, tempo, etc., it makes me wonder if there is something encoded in our DNA that makes certain combos "sound right" or if we have been conditioned over the last several decades to subconsciously seek out these arrangements. Hard to test this, of course, because no one grows in a musical vacuum. But producers clearly lean in predictable directions and we succumb to the guilty pleasure without fail over and over.
Um... Does anyone remember Katy's "Roar", which was so similar to Sara Bareilles' "Brave"? I think that they were even released in the same year.
That was a good catch on that one, ahhh pop it's  soooo predictable I played two of her songs in a pop band a while back hot n cold and I kissed a girl I kinda enjoyed playing those two on the  drums.
Out here in the fields, I fought for my meals...
Does it really need 9 writers?, "apparently it does" ahahahaahaha, Iam dying what?
Music, really?  The "pop" sucks, just sayin'.
Incredible that you can hear this so fastly, also nice that you put this together, 7 people needed to cover a song? Unbelievable thats it nowadays, your putting crazy stuff out, but I find it hilarious that you like this garbage music, but I understand your perspective since your clarifying your view of point very clear and good ahahahaha.That Italian moves you made funny.
What would be even better than the quick snare roll fills? Machine gun fire, real, in the studio, ending this irritating song. Catchy? Yes, but does that make it good. Well produced plagiarized schlock Rick.
good ol Rick, cruising around town, sipping his coffee, ripping pop tart songs apart.
Correction: her writer copied it her on behalf.
Interesting.
The funniest part of a shameless 1:1 copy is Katy Perry's title: "Never really over" :-)
“Like the version, fucked for the very first time.”
.........those "one note" lines are similar to Savage Garden's "I Want You" song.......
You should watch juice wrld: lucid dreams, he stole lee ritenour’s song: shape of my heart
KATY PERRY team is not to the first ''coincidence''. Check from the past the E.T song of her vs t.A.T.u. - All The Things She Said. Trust me, there is more than normal coincidence!!!
OMG 😳
They're both lame. Why don't you dissect and breakdown 3 Days by Jane's Addiction  Rick.
will this song be remembered in 10 years?
And where is art ?
They all copied from The Who!!!
You're awesome, Rick, but I'd really like to know why you concern yourself with crap copycat "music"....???
10:11  Me: That's just Baba O'Riley  Rick: 10 Seconds later, it's just like The Who.
I love Katy Perry’s songs from her Teenage Dream album, but I’ll be honest, this song is just garbage. First time I heard it, i thought it was written quite badly but I guess other people hear/perceive it differently. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Ok so let me summerize : people complaining about marketing tailor made song on a youtube channel made to monetize music. ^^ Nuf' said. You've lost me twice or 3 times in the first few minutes : 1st saying Katy Perry song was good to you, then saying that Zedd's song was one of the best of the decade (LOL, are you serious ???), then the "key" of writing great dance hits... Maybe if you could rephrase and replace "music", "hits", by "money" and "products" you'd at least gain some credibility... this is just uncreative jobs using the same formatted formulas. At least She did refer to the original marketed song, which is kind of unusual in that business. So you just discovered a well known fact and make a fuss about it... Good job Sherlock ! Going back to Cory Henry now... You should listen to his "copies" of billie jean and purple rains. These are the real thing.
She sounds like Gloria Estefan in this track.
It's a few years old but do Get Outta My Way by Kylie MInogue. Not as schmick production, but a great track for that artist. Video is super sexy as well.
We need to ditch copyright completely and promote authenticity originality as artists, and go for live sales not recorded digital distribution.
The reason nine people were involved in the writing of this song was to comply with California's diversity policies.
Question: How many people does it take to write a Katy Perry song? Answer: Not enough to make it worth listening to.
I feel like I'm gong to be sick.
i love pop too! and Rick analysing pop music is the best!!!
No.  It sucks.  Does ProTools have a "De-suckify" setting?
huh, this music makes me think of a department store ad, well crafted for what it is
it actually sounded really cool with both tracks on.
The Perry version sounds good because it still sounds ok on trash speakers and cheap headphones.  Learned that trick in sound reinforcement class.
9 People to write this song, one guy to do all that J.S. Bach stuff.....
wow..  pay that girl and .. solve it..  oh, and change the "writers"  of course..
At least they just decided to credit the writers they ripped instead of waiting to get sued. Sort of a more proactive version of what Sam Smith did with Tom Petty.
same same but different
Sorry but this music all sounds the same to me , Pablum,  I grew up in the 70's so that explains it. Rick your great !
This is funny. First time i hear this, I thought it was a relative of Savage Garden's I Want You.
Wow Rick really dressing up for this one adding a plain black button up to his plain black t shirt
9 writers for a single pop song? Pathethic
So who was Dagny  " inspired " by?
They should put both together in protools and release it. Sounds more interesting. LOL
Nice analysis as usual!  Man.... I know the moment the Marching Band sample library came out like 5 years ago that it was going to start appearing everywhere (which it has... I think it's the Garritan one that came first?  Can't remember).
Katie Perry elevates everything her voice touches. Great team around her as well. Read an article from the BBC that said they called Dagny and said look we love your song and we made a version of it. Dagny was really positive about them using the song and even said Katie inspired her vibes.
Ugh.  Yeah.  This is why I don't listen to pop music.  Although I might make an exception for 12 minutes of Rick's analysis.  Not that I agree with any of it.
Does Rick have a crush on Perry?   I like both songs, but is he is getting soft in his old age. lol.
You think Rick's gonna go one way then goes in the totally opposite direction. Awesome.
maybe there will be a lawsuit 30 years from now when everyone on one side is dead.
Please don't compare to The Who, please don't compare to The Who, please don't compare to The Who... Ugh!!!
Anybody notice that Rick goes into ecstasy over the Katy Perry song but has nothing at all to say about the Dagny song... which is the same song? You're a funny guy, Rick. (And oh, that ain't a falsetto either. I'm definitely hearing chest voice.)
It took 9 people to write that????  Wow!  It's not a bad track, but again, 9 people?
Yeah but in Katy Perry's defence she's wearing a different dress.
The other way of looking at it is, they would have been happy doing a cover but then they would not get any of the sync or mechanical royalties, so they wrote their own lyrics and said "Hey Dagny, we'll let you be a songwriter on this too!" so now they only have to split the royalties with her rather than fork em all over.
Katy Perry is a no talent hack but she does have big tits, so...
yep
Could Dagny have a feasible copyright infringement case here?
Did they just say there were 9 writers to limit Danny’s cut to 1/9th?
What still kills me is the “judges” on these shows couldn’t pass the audition as a contestant. Autotune and marketing. No talent. What. So. Ever. BEATO FOR PRESIDENT !!!
Dude, that mash-up is dope!
Plz Rick do a top 10 pop songs!!!!!
It took nine people to write a crappy song like that, hahahaha
these songs suck...
get ‘em rick
"One likes to believe in the freedom of music, but glittering prizes and endless compromises, shatter the illusion of integrity." ..and echoes with the sounds of salesmen!
Bubble gum pop sucks. Soundgarden all the way. Love what you do Beato!
Starbucks? That was your first mistake.
The isn’t a great song. It’s competently produced audio content; nothing more than that.
You should talk about movie ending songs. They don’t have to be at the end of a movie, but songs like heroes - Bowie, or 1979 - Pumpkins
Yeah, sorry, great production values in the service of a forgettable song will never, ever move me. Still, interesting discussion.
"A great song!" you said, but I would prefer an instrumental version. If and when I hear this on the radio it goes to another station, both the original and the Katy Perry copy. This is overproduced, to slick, to greacy. It is like carrots in a blender for half an hour then overcoated with sugar sirup.
She also copied a few of Gregg Alexander's songs, right?
Beyoncé is a great example of "inspired by a lot of other people's works" a.k.a. COPYING.
3:46 that Elastic Lab remix is highkey fire though 🔥
Damn, SNL is going to a parody of KP showing up at your studio and trashing it!
I  knew of a case where an unknown songwriter was asked for  a song he wrote, for a well known popstar. It went on an album. But they  forced him to have him as only 1 of around 7-9 songwriters. The others, wich was the producing team, added virtually nothing to the song, apart from producing it.
the only thing i could tell is that both songs sucks! :D
Wow, that is so flagrantly  a  copyright violation she should just avoid courts and hand over the money.
Bubblegum pop is to music as superhero movies are to cinema...... and both generate gazillions. And a band who self-produces a great lyrical tale with complex music & tempo and skilled musicians must have a 9 - 5 to pay to eat. Crazy world.  Many similarities in James Newton Howard's "She" & MJ's "Human Nature" - The former being (co)written by Paich and the latter by Steve Porcaro - both from Toto.....
Snap tracks are so annoying
Rick, I know the primary focus of this video relates to the thin line between heavily influenced song-writing vs. outright duplication, but I found another element in your video that was thought provoking.  I put myself in your shoes and questioned if I would feel the need to apologize for finding great elements or even liking these songs.  Disappointingly, I think the answer is yes.   One nice thing about getting older is we reach a point of not being concerned about "the cool factor".  Even if this isn't my music of choice, there is still something to appreciate.  So why is it that I feel some level of shame?  I thought some more and discovered it's not shame that I'm feeling.  It's actually begrudging acceptance that stems from complete contempt for what has become of the pop industry... out of necessity to remain financially viable.  However, it would be my loss if I chose to completely reject every artist or song competing in this stagnant swamp.  As a writer I don't need any help crafting melody or harmony, and lyrics are personal without any intention of securing approval.  I don't write about love gained or lost.  As a producer and mixer though, there is a lot I can learn from these songs and that's why it would be a mistake to ignore them.  One other final realization, was a sense of déjà vu.  This is the exact same feeling I had as a 15 year old when I heard Graceland by Paul Simon.  At the time, I was part of a silly metal band... the type of band that made parts of the Bill and Ted movies feel like my personal biography.  Acceptance of music that wasn't authentic metal equated to disloyalty and definitely wasn't cool in my circle.  It was a profound growth experience to no longer deny the merits of other mainstream or obscure genres.  Fast forward to the present and I now feel a slight level of embarrassment for finding something commendable in metal, but I'm mature enough to keep my mind open.  Rejecting any form of music because of pre-conceptions would be my loss.  I encourage anyone else who's experienced similar conflicts to root out illogical musical prejudices and reap the growth benefits of an open mind.  Can't help myself... 9 people with song-writer credit...  really???  Talk about rats fighting for the crumbs of a NY sewer hot dog bun.
Both songs suck so there is that!
Oh my Gawd. Or as George Harrison would say "My Sweet Lord!"
It's times like these when having only one working  headphone bud really bums me out.
Right again Rick!
And without diving deeper, that's the reason why I stopped listening to pop radio stations years ago. Same menu everyday.
clarity is one of the best songs of the decade.  Glad someone else feels this way.
If you need 9 people to write or compose a tune, well... 🤣🤷
Dear Rick, You are doing a good job...LOVE.
Pop music is a guilty pleasure.  It should surprise, yet strike a familiar chord in nearly every ear.  Being able to recycle yesterday's progressions yet still sound fresh is every bit an art as it is to write something way out in uncharted waters.  So.... yeah... Katy's team lifted this tune.  But I'm happy they gave a nod to the original team of writers, and the mashup of the two together is actually pretty cool.  I agree that the gingerbread Katy's team layered on it put it over the top, and since they also credit the original writers as a community I feel good about it.    I wish I could credit the guy who first wrote the blues, but nobody can tell me his name.    We all want to be completely unique as songwriters, but a lot of writers don't see the need to also incorporate familiarity.  I'm sure guilty of this.    I remember once mounting a study of pop music, intending to prove it out it as the hollow lowbrow crap that it was.  I wound up becoming a secret admirer, like you.  The first step was to check myself....   I said  "Wait a minute now, why again SHOULD I hate popular music?  Don't I wish I were more popular?   Isn't the hope of writing a popular song partly why I started writing songs?  Maybe I should learn something about what makes songs popular, and try doing some of that instead of trying to be Professor Longhair all the time."
It's a stunningly BLAND typical pop song.  So, the production is excellent... So?  The song itself is awful.
when u put them together your right it sounds exactly like it
Jiraiya Sama.
No offense, but 99% of pop music these days is impossible to tell a part. Solid production value but paint by numbers. Once machine-learning really hits the music industry somebody gonna be out of a job. A computer could easily string together millions of these songs.
Katy Perry did the same thing to Sara Bareilles' "Brave" with Katy's "Roar".
9 people to write this song ahahaaha
What drives me crazy sometimes is when artists do this and I can't remember the source material. Assume it happens by mistake most of the time, though this isn't really a comment on the song.
Listen to the first 30 seconds of wear wolves of London, then the first 30 seconds of kid rock all summer long
Pretty much sums up the pop industry
Katy Perry music is the equivalent of McDonalds.
A friend of mine has family in the business.  She got tickets (free) to see Katy Perry at The Barclay Center.  I liked some of her early stuff so I thought it would be fun.  Worst Concert Ever.  I have high standards.  I have seen some amazing shows like The Beastie Boys, Bjork, Clapton, Billy Joel and Keane live.  I also have friends who are performance artists, their shows are stunning.  This concert was all bad production- constant costume changes and disjointed imagery.  Like she was recreating a dollar store version of the Lion King.  All lip synched for the most part as well.  When Katy launched her career she was a solid singer songwriter.  She wanted to be a mogul who sold her soul (&creativity) to the devil for money.  Katy Perry has turned into a product, end of story.
9 people to “write “ a song a 6 year old could have put together in an hour.  I’m not impressed.
Sounds better with both songs playing together
Love Dagny!!! Discovered her here, thanks Uncle Rick!
Katie Perry sold her soul so it doesn't surprise me she would steal .
Pro Tools looks a bit different than I remember. It has been a few years since I've been inside a DAW. What version are they on now, 25 or so?
You should compare "Roar" and "Brave" by Sarah Bareilles. It even has the same lyrical theme!
I always thought the same with KP's 'Roar' borrowing heavily from Sara Bareilles 'Brave'.
Katy’s version is so aggressive like she might rip someone’s head off soon.  I’m so sick of that sound.  Listen to Dagny’s version all the way through.  It’s like chillin on a summer day and happy.
"Maybe writing in A flat major is the KEY to writing dance hits". I saw the joy within you when you made that pun Rick! Good one 😄
Katy Perry, like so many other singers of today, are just products. Because she has a certain look, they promote the crap out of these talentless todays artist. So American. So many writers and producers.
If you’re “excited” by this I’m guessing you haven’t seen “axis of awesome” 😆😆
Rick looks too happy when listening to Katy Perry
I can't believe you found two pop songs that are exactly the same.
C'mon Rick, you of all people should know that music is constantly being ripped off. This one is pretty blatant though.  What saddens me is when artists get sued for ripping off stuff that is just coincidental. For example, the Men At Work song 'I come from a land down under". After decades of the song being released ,  some money-grubbing a-hole took them to court claiming that the flute riff was a rip-off of 'The kookaburra sits in the old gum tree'. Men at work had to re-dub the flute riff AND pay a settlement to the money-grubbing a-hole.
I really like the way in the Dagny song there is a 1st portion of the chorus without vocal 'chords' being sung, but then in the latter portion of the chorus they overlay a second vocal hitting chords.  For me, this and lyrics make me prefer Dagny.
Not all pop songs are bad, it's just that the producers are the soul of the music now, instead of the artists, like it was back in the golden age of music when I was growing up. I am 52 years old now, and I am very grateful for the musical era that I grew up in. When music was changed by people like Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, Jaco Pastorius and a whole host of others, as well as the introduction of the modern synthesizer which had a watershed effect on all the music that came thereafter. Yes, very grateful that I grew up listening to real music that had a soul. It is so hard finding real music today from these kids playing today. I wish they would copy music from that golden era instead of from each others stuff today, it would be a lot better, and we would all benefit from it!!
Hey Rick, I was listening to the lyrical style  of these songs and was really reminded of "SIGRID", a young female artist from the Netherlands or Norway, not sure which, but she has a song called "Strangers" that has a somewhat similar vocal style, but in my opinion a more full and mature sound with more tonal variety. She has some really fresh sounding music that she has released in the last couple of years. She is a very promising young singer songwriter that I believe you may like if you have not heard her music before. Not sure who produces her music, but her music is quite polished and well produced in my opinion. I am curious what you think of her and her music. I enjoy your channel. Your insights are very enlightening. Keep up the good work brother!! I just watched your video on your Auntie, I was very moved and really enjoyed it. Thanks for sharing.
Well, Led Zeppelin was "inspired" by all sorts of black Delta blues artists.....so there's that......
And Katy Perry had the gall to try and prevent a Melbourne fashion designer using her own name (Katie Perry) as her label!
When I was making the Dr. Demento show at Westwood One, we had a whole segment (I think hosted by Weird Al Y.) called "Copycat Corner"). We would play back to back musical ripoffs. :-)~
Who cares?!
when both are played at the same time i actually really love it lol
Those kinda producers have created the puppet of Katy Perry. She's a good singer but all credit goes to the top industry producers who create and use them. Nobody thinks about them but only knows Katy.
I don't hear similarities other than the fact that both songs start with the same note.
LOL. Yea...rock n rollers always get crap for being pop lovers...I say you and me are only guilty because we've been shamed into being guilty. A great track is a great track. Katy Perry is awesome and I crank Teenage Dream as loud as it goes every time it comes on. Then you might hear Iron Maiden Killers come out of my speakers next - lol - then Keith Urban Who Wouldn't Want To Be Me. I write too and not half bad but not exactly half good either lol I lack any real production so I'm always impressed with over-the-top production.
I never heard either of them but I like it better when they are both playing at the same time.
The baseline of Owed T'Alex by Capt Beefheart is close, plus military drumming.  Vocals kinda different though.
Wow.  This was awesome, Rick!!  Love the Pro Tools segment.  Well done.
Dagny sounds like she has a much better voice.
So this is today's version of pop music. I bet when our parents heard Bill Haley, they were saying the same thing you were, Rick.
11:01 I can't stop watching this haha..
So...Dagny was inspired by The Who?
I cannot find the words to truly express my, purely respectful, OBSESSION with Rick Beato.  I am mesmerized by his knowledge and these videos! AND... I love to read the comments by his loyal Followers! This is without a doubt the BEST freaking Channel on YouTube!
Frankly, as a listener, when you played both songs separately in each ears, it worked as a piece together.     They should collab a mix, in which some of the music mingles, not all, and the vocals of either woman, only comes from opposite speakers.
10:00, can you actually have a melody with one note? Answer, yes. One Note Samba.  Tom Jobim. Genius
It needs nine writers Rick, because if Dagny Challenges for royalties on this, she can only win a 1/10 share. If it was just Katy Perry, Dagny could sue for half. I'm sure there were lawyers in the room pushing for 20+ writers to be credited to keep more of the gains from their creative theft in-house.
Rick.. are those headphones the Sennheiser HD-280?  I just think those are the best along with their brother the HD-380.
Honestly the version with both songs playing simultaneously sounds the best of any of the versions. I suppose imitation is the sincerest form of flattery after all.
"Zed's dead baby. Zed's dead."
This was fun. I often hear similarities among songs but never match it up like this.  I recognized a familiar tone just when you switched to demonstrate the line from the Who.
You're free to love it. I'm certainly no pop hater. But that's an incredibly weak song. How low our standards have fallen...
Can lab manufactured music really be considered music? Not to mention the amount of people it takes to write one song. 🤨
I guess that if Katy Perry paid Dagney enough $$$$$ anything is possible. I hope that Dagney was paid $$$$$!
If only Dylan had 8 co-writers, he could really be something.
nah
Fair play to Rick, he just snuck in a 'What Makes This Song Great' on Katy Perry under the cover of a plagiarism video, without losing any coolness points. Nice one, Rick!
Ok, they missed a perfect opportunity to just layer the songs and do some counterpoint melodies with the two different lyrics. Also, Rick is the only man who could convince me to like a pop song.
HEYYYYYYY...MACARENA!!!
I love that you have so much freakin musical knowledge and yet can get so much joy out of a well produced pop tune!
Ahh, Katy Perry and her stellar legal team at it again. If something like this happens again, you should definitely cover it in a new series dedicated to them.
Dagny song is far better, period! Oh the laziness of the upper echelons of the pop world, so lame!!
Oh, i wonder if this will get unfairly DMCAd, despite using minimal content as illustration for critic
You might be giving Zedd to much credit. He has a team of ghost producers working for him. Keen to hear your take on the If I were a boy /Beyonce drama from a few years ago.
I *LOVE* great pop music....and that's WHY I hate the kind of crap the likes of Katy Perry represents. Great pop music will live forever. Katy Perry's won't.
What makes this song copied
It's all about branding. "Katy Perry" is a brand.  Folk songs and blues songs were organically/naturally passed around, and people would add/change lyrics. Love Willie Dixon, etc., but I figured they were "inspired", also. Guys who played with James Brown said they'd come up with cool grooves jamming around.  JB would take it, add lyrics/shape it up. Next thing they knew "James Brown" listed as writer, and everyone says "What a Genius!". Nature of the business..."It's Chinatown, Jake"....
at what point, when you were raving over a literal one-note-melody, did you not step back and realized that you were gone?
And.... we’re they “ inspired “ enough to actually send the original writers money??
It takes 9 people because at least 4 of them are Lawyers.
Who gives a crap with this garbage music anyway? Lol
I love this Katy Perry song. They really stepped up the production value on the composition, with the layered vocals, instruments and all. 👍 And hey… acknowledging the original work by sharing the writing credits seems pretty fair for me.
Never thought I'd throughly enjoy a middle-aged(?) white man vibe TF out listening to Katy Perry and at the same time rip it to absolute shreds every chance he gets.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha - Love it Rick - "oh c'mon - I understand it's a pop music...." You made my day again
Welcome to the 21st century in music writing.  Generic and ripping off other songs.  Not to say this hasn't happened in the past but how does it take 9 people to write virtually the same note structure is beyond me.  9 songwriters couldn't come up with an original song??  Hell I'm just one of two songwriters in my little "band" and we are continuously writing new and different songs.
You are amazing. Wow great job.
If you put ten layers of sh*t between two slices of bread, it's still a sh*t sandwich.
The only thing I could think during this entire video was "Wow, I wish I had that Park head!" LOL
I don't like either of these songs, personally. But I so very much appreciate the way you make me understand why it's appealing to others. Thanks, Rick! Today I learned a lot about all these little details you can accomplish with layered voices : )
Rick - I know you appreciate the good production, but seriously this is all derivative music - forget copying Dagny by Perry by all Perry songs are derivatives of each other. That ending rapid beat sounds like a rev'ed up version of the chainsmokers hit.
Reminds me of Rod Stewart's song "Forever Young," which was inspired perhaps by accident by Bob Dylan's tune of the same name. After Rod's song was finished, his camp sent it to  Dylan, asking whether he had a problem with it. The two men agreed to participate in the ownership of the song and share Stewart's royalties.
Rick. You just broke down what all radio hits sound like since 2012. They generally have a fairly soft verse, then drop out for the pre course, then the marching snares come in too bring in the sound hole for 1 -2 beats, then big bass beat for the chorus
8 jerkoffs ripped off a song
Hey Rick, Wondering what model of headphones you were using in this video? Thanks, BCM
Rick - I play music at church and we are a small church with a pretty good sound system and get a great live sound but are struggling in the covid world and getting good sound streaming. They have tried going straight from the mixer (which I told them was a horrible idea) and it sounds awful. You should do a video on how to get a good sound quality live streaming from playing live. Just an idea.  Thanks for all you do! Cheers from Greenville, SC.
Regarding your question about whether you can have a one-note melody, have you heard Alan Parson’s “One Note Symphony?”  It has the feeling of something that may have started as a clever compositional exercise, but I think works very well.
Mash them up! 👍
I'm glad you like this song but if the layering in this song makes you happy, then you must absolutely orgasm in boundless joy any time you listen to a Prince song through headphones.
She’s most likely managed by corrupt powerful people who just do what they want. Happens all the time. And she’s buying a Staiiiieeeeairway to Heeeevuhhn...😂
Do you like  Huey Lewis and the News?
🤮 IMHO, both of these songs are horrible, equating them with the Who is obscene.  The vocal rhythm is just annoying, sounds more like a car alarm or smoke detector, something so tedious, you are forced to do anything to make it stop.
Want to hear my next, sure to be big hit song "Smog over water"?
Both of them together hard panned sounds better than either one on it's own.
I'm glad you mentioned "The Who" otherwise I would've been spinning my head trying to figure out where I was picking up the chord transitions from! However, I guess there must be a bunch of other songs that have that, but still. Also, Dagny's song is nice and beautiful, and Katy's team most likely did copy it, but they've done it better, so I'm ok with it. Had they done a worse or equal job and gotten more fame for it, then it'd be a problem for me, but...
WTF! it took 9 people to write this dreck?!?!?! this is why I don't listen to radio or new music! give me the classics!!!
I just hope they paid the original composer for this kind of "inspiration".
Rick, you are an expert witness!
I secretly enjoy the occasional bubble gum pop song too Rick - no shame for that, but the key is keeping it a secret!
Never warmed to Perry Mostly narcissistic drivel  Theft is no surprise ...
Rick, I think you are too generous in your praise of this garbage. But I still love the channel!
Honestly taking what someone else did and changing it slightly is where all the greatest artwork and history has come from. It's the foundation of human achievement. In science we don't seem to mind, but people seem to get all worked up about it in art. Progress is a process.   And in this case it looks like Katy Perry knew her song was heavily influenced by this other one and it seems like she took the most respectful action on it.
A new series recommendation ‘What makes this song suck?’
Far beyond sampling, full blown theft. Pay Dagny her money Katy. We all knew you never has talent and stole all you music, now you’re busted.
I tried listening.  Just can’t care about pop
...the dagny song has at least a bit soul to it imo.
that ginger headed geek from England does the same thing.
Great video
Billie Jean, Beat It, Smooth Criminal, Dirty Diana, Speed Demon, Leave Me Alone etc...  - Written and Composed by Michael Jackson. My god, 9 people wrote a song (already exist before)
Love these videos, such good content. Was psyched to see this one come up in my feed because I love Dagny and this is my favourite song of hers, and when the Katie Perry track came out I felt a huge sense of injustice! I would have liked to see a more detailed comparison of the tracks rather than just detailed coverage of the Katy Perry. Rick said "great vocal layering" at one point but the Dagny track does almost exactly the same thing there. There is the same vocal backing line that is basically a descending scale on both tracks, pretty much the only difference at that point in vocals is that the Katy Perry "melody" there is a repeated 2nd whereas the Dagny one is the tonic. That was got me so enraged when I first heard the Katy Perry song I think. It's not like they just copied the general idea or aspects of the song, they copied quite small details like that descending vocal backing line. Rant over! Love your videos Rick
Looks like they have 9 writers to dilute the money, so that as little as possible goes to original authors :( And it's a pretty terrible song - she's done many much better ones, with my favourites being "Chained to the rhythm" and "Bipolar"
The one note piece reminds me if  aussie group, Savage Gardens "I want you" have a listen catchy track👍
I'm already looking forward to the next generation of ripping off pop songs. So if four song writers decides to rip off Katy's version, it will be 9+4=13 people on the song writing credits. Lets get these bad boys into double digits!
Personally, I guess that the only reason there are so many names in credits is just because of the money that miss Perry and her own entourage would’ve have to pay if they just “stole” the song...🤣🤣🤣
Katy got no shame she stolen so many songs its ridiculous...just goes to show..she can't write..but Katy Perry Production is amazing
Wasn't Katey Parry suide for copying another song that she used in Dark Horse?
It Reminds me of Amy Shark,formula,,All Loved Up!
its very similar music production to the australian duo of savage garden when i hear it! from their last album.
Wow, today's pop really sucks in an unimaginable level. Also, a total of nine people to write that piece of crap?
And just like that, Rick's hard pan results in a third song "inspired by" the previous two songs. . . and he adds himself to the list of writers.
I mean, it's no Flock of Seagulls, but okay. :)
What makes this song great?
the main reason i dislike modern pop music is the numbing sameness of the lyric writing and the ultra repetitive nature of the beat and so called melody. with few exceptions to that trend in writing. the great quality of the production is another thing altogether. but the songs are lacking in variety in the tonal ranges of any particular song (if you can really call it a song)  it makes it seem that they all sound the same. monotonous in beat and lack any varying range of tonality to speak of, I'm 61 now and as a preteen and teen I grew up when the music was rich in tonal variation an sub harmonics as well as lyrically more interesting. also the experimentation of some if not all the groups  of the 60's and 70's is still unparalleled today. not just Pink Floyd and Iron butterfly but Emerson,Lake and, Palmer and many others to numerous to mention. E.L.P. had Tarkus  which is one of the best examples of experimental instrumental  progressive rock there is. In my opinion anyway. but then I had a lot of different music to chose from. not only rock and all its relatives. there were also R+B, sou, funk Jazz and countryl and not the generic junk they are trying to pass off as country today.  the old bluegrass . and pure hillbilly crooning I grew up on with my grandparents listening to. and some Bubble Waltz music on the TV. todays music just doesn't have it like music of just 30 yrs ago and nothing compared to 50 yrs ago when i began to really appreciate music for real. and begin to really understand what was good and what wasn't worth the time it took to just sample it a small bit.and thats all I need to know what i want to listen tosince as a teen I went theuogh about 4000 of those little promo copy 45's from a radio station that had changed format from top 40 to R=B and One of the DEJ's was a friend of my dad's so I ended up with all those top 40's promo copy that the record companies sent to the station..takes time to sample those little buggers.. for example I got Edgar Winter Group's 'Frankenstein about 4 mos before it hit the air on a local radio station and almost 6 mos before it was in the stores. and In the same batch the flip side of The Eagles 'New Kid In Town' was 'Victim of Love' Only 2 of several No.1 hits from that bunch.... so yes I do know whereof I speak....lol
Dagny should thank you.
You're a god, Rick
When you (Rick) played the chords on your keyboard and referenced The Who, I was actually thinking of “In Your Eyes” by Peter Gabriel
Song made me thirtsty.  Gonna go get a chica cherry cola.
Please react to Indonesian humble genius guitarist alip ba ta. Gonna Blow your mind
Yes, it appears that Perry's team understood that there was a good chance they could run into © trouble and so they afford Dagny a writing credit (and the publishing money that goes with it) in exchange for not risking a lawsuit in which lawyers would be taking a chunk of those royalties for themselves in the form of legal fees. For Dagny, this is a great deal. She can now make money on two songs - and the one Katie Perry did may actually end up making her more money. On another note, the crazy number of songwriters on pop music today is not really about who wrote the song, but who is getting to share in the song writing publishing money.
The dirty little secret in pop and R&B is they are "writing" basically how you have analyzed this track.. They throw a track they dig in PT, use it a framework and write a new song over it. Take the new track, and bring in top-line writers and a vocalist. Done
It takes 9 writers to copycat someone else
Ive heard the reason why so many clubby songs are F to Ab is because the bass sounds very pleasing in large club and festival sound systems. Not sure if its true but I am curious.
That freakin auto tune is hard to listen to.. sorry.                           Hilarious... how many songwriters does it take to write a song these days? The lyrics are uninspiring.. sad. I appreciate your enthusiasm.
Love you Rick.
WOOOOOOW. RIP OFF.
Not the first time Katy Perry has stolen songs. She also massively ripped off "All The Things You Said" by t.A.T.u. on the song "Alien"
Katy Perry "Roar" also sounds suspiciously like Sarah Bareilles "Brave". The only difference is that Katy Perry's lyrics are all about "Me, me, me" while Sarah's are about "you, you, you".
I don't usually listen to pop, but Dagny is different. Love her style and voice
You lost me at Starbucks.
PFFFT...expecting integrity from these "artists" is laughable
9 people to drop this turd; how many to flush it?
To "this old phart," quite honestly, it really comes down to:  "TOO MUCH 'MANIPULATION!'"  "Manipulation," indeed, being allowed to become "an integral part of the song."  No, I don't think that "the singer's vocals" should ever be "digitally sacrificed," along with the backings, "on the altar of the rhythm."  No ... "production" should not seize this from "art."
"in which this ever changing world in which we live in" I think Sir McCartney give plenty of license to pop to have crap grammar when he did on one of the greatest pop/rock tunes ever written. :)
A couple things that make Love You Like That a better song in my opinion:   1. The tempo is slower, which means the beat sits way farther back in the pocket than the Katy Perry song and consequently feels so much more groovy 2. The stylization of Love You Like That clearly has a more defined identity than the Katy Perry song, where the synths are more beefy and prominent in the mix and have much better high/low points than the Katy Perry song, which feels flat and compressed to hell. The drum samples add to this identity where they're clearly attempting a more "huge" sound and an almost Phil Collins-influenced sound 3. The three part harmony that comes in on the second part of the second chorus just kills it in Love You Like That 4. The emotion in Dagny's voice has a much more emotional delivery, as well as being more dynamic in the harmonics and in the changes from the different song parts. 5. Love You Like That doesn't overstay it's welcome, the song is just long enough to communicate everything it wants to do musically, and it does it all at peak capacity; the Katy Perry song has additional chorus bits and prechorus bits that extend it to 45 seconds longer than Love You Like That 6. The drum beat on Love You Like That has more time and effort put into it than the Katy Perry song; where Love You Like That has a beat with bass drum hits on every quarter note as well as some accents on the UH's before the 4's snare hit, as well as a couple of the same beat hits with an aux snare. This contributes to the groove and feel of the song. The drums in Love You Like That are also less dry and more full than the drum samples on the Katy Perry song.  All of these make Love You Like That a more cohesive and attractive song, in my opinion.
No, it's not a "great song", it's over-produced plastic garbage.
Sorry Rick this was the worst episode yet. This Katie Peary crap is so horrible . I’m gonna have nightmares
Can there be a melody with one note? How about “One Note Samba”?
If I get hooked on bubblegum pop, I'm blaming Rick Beato.
Rick has spent more time analysing this than KP spent 'co-writing' it ...  Keep up the good work Rick!
This is all a complete rip off of Trance music, simplified down to its core. Very ridiculous in general.
I am glad I have an empty stomach,  I could care less about either version.
Ultimately they (KP's team) saw room for an alternate imagination of the key components of Dagny's song. I'm not sure whether I'm bothered by it or not to be honest... I quite like the idea of taking a concept and seeing how many different outcomes you can create from it. I guess it's slightly unethical but if Dagny's team have been cut in then I guess it's all fair game.
1st problem - they should've just covered the Dagny song, and given the full writing credit where it belongs.  It's a money thing, end of story.  2nd problem - Rick, I love you man.  But I would rather have seen a video about the Dagny song, which is miles better, instead of a de facto WMTSG on the most irritating song to hit pop radio since "Birthday Sex."
Great video rick!
d a g n y looks like an eye chart At 11:05 I thought Rick was going turn into a teenage girl
Would love to see a list of the 20 greatest pop songs from you.
Zedd can't be understated... amazing producer.
pop songs today really like to milk the "one-note" melody
The simple panning trick he used should literally be used in courts of law based on context. That's actually physical proof of a similarity Edit: yes I know chords, keys, tempos, are an exact science, but convince copy right laws of that
I don't like much of today's pop music but you have to get them credit for the production. It is on point.
Pop music is the death of genuine, original human reflection. Even some rap has that. Occasionally it can be a guilty pleasure, though. Although I don’t listen to pop, I thought ATTENTION by Charlie Puth was the best pop song I heard in the last decade. So much so, that I looked him up. Incidentally, there doesn’t seem to be too much more to him.
That music sucks.
whats that music tool you use to blend two songs  i wanna do it but yanno with good songs
Pop Music these days, isn't meant to be thought about - only REACTED TO.  That's why it's so simplistic, similar, and repetitive. It's background music for Tweens. It's hollow, shallow, and soulless.
Interval reminder of "Teenage wasteland"  Ok, 10:40s Rick mentions it
No way a song should ever require 9 writers.
This happens EVERY DAY. It’s dominantly the producers/“composers”, a lot of the time the artist doesn’t even know they’re tracking a blatant rip. We worked in a studio frequented by Max Martin, he’d snag songs there all the time and take them to people like Katy, Jesse J, etc. Every single artist who spoke out lost in court, despite emails and evidence.   My point being, don’t be shocked by just this or blame solely at Katy Perry. This is the system they have in place. So many songs you hear come from this strategy.
did a null test myself. they cancelled each other out
This music SUCKS Rick. Why do you even give it a platform. It's not guitar orientated. I may be mistaken; but I thought that's what your channel was all about? Guitar orientated songs.....This ain't one of them? You're a disgrace for even covering this IMO. But my opinion, is irrelevant. I get it. But I'm unsubbing! This crap has happened too many times by you. I'm done.  Defend guitar orientated Rock music. Leave these songs for other lame channels. Jeez! You may as Well learn how to rap! Is that coming next Rick? Pfft!
Eh,its gna happen. Even in my "small world" of songs that I've written,theres that "once in a blue moon"moment I will hear something on a radio, errr,..rephrase.. maybe nothing that popular actually but, maybe I'll hear some old old  album,or somebodys personal weird playlist,or mall music,whatever whenever,and realize there is a chorus/bridge, yada-yada part I have written exactly the same as the original music by accident, and when I mean "original" I just mean something that was copyrighted/put out previously before I even had recorded whatever song part/phrase/melody that does sound the same as my little part of my song,.. pure coincidence,. on my part.  As lol,..I do NOT have Katy Perry's vast TEAM of TOP producers,engineers,artists behind me ,and  out of all them PRO "Team Perry People" you would think somebody,just somebody would say, um, Miss Perry, this song sounds exactly like "so-ans-so's" song. I definitely see why you made a post about it Rick,your awesome man,keep it up. And Katy is amazing,no question..but her herself probably isnt to blame. Then again I just thought of something,is on my Google there's a little musical note and it says "what's this song" maybe Katie should hit that button before she records anything further,  LOL, because I bet the producers just want to do whatever she says LOL, Oh,I said Miss/Mrs Perry I didnt know when she was married, or when her,..eehem.."original copy of her song" came out. she's married now so I might as well call her Mrs. Perry right Rick?
Let's be honest. The only real difference is the Katy Perry version includes the supertonic melody line that seems to be everywhere now.
On a bit of a tangent.......I thought it would be interesting if Rick created a history of record production series that would look at different decades of pop music or any particular genre- like rock. For each decade a defining production style could be discussed and how the technology of the day influenced that style (808!), the technological choices available for listening to music, how people listened to music on a social level (ie. individuals on headphones, listening parties) , how they purchased music etc. For example in the 80's my friends and I all had Sony walkmans. Knowing that I am sure producers were conscious that mixes need to sound good on walkmans among other platforms for listening to music. Even car stereos went from mono radios to potentially massive sound systems with a sub woofer in the trunk. Producers over the decades likely accounted for that. Over decades you can here more bass being added to mixes. You barely here a kick drum on early 60's rock. In the 80's some bands- like ZZ Top-on Eliminator- made the kick drum more pronounced so songs sounded more danceable. You could group the production styles by genre instead of decade or a combination of the two. There are a lot of possibilities.
OK. Now, who cares?
Well, to be fair, they're both diluted cheap pop songs. So... No biggie.
Who's Zedd?  "Zedd's dead, baby. Zedd's dead."
Katy went downhill after John Mayer
I think is what can happen when bigger artists start running out of things to say, and gravitate towards something else they connect to.  Obviously was very intentional.  Katy's version is better in a few ways, but I feel parts of the vocal are problematic in their legibility.  Nowhere near as good a track in any case than her biggest hits, some of which were flawless on all levels and will be remembered forever.
"Modern songwriting"
great analysis, amazing your proficiency to explain music theory in simple words.....to terribile musician and non-pro like me..... :)
At the end you said "it's a really well done pop song" and I realized that is why I don't like it. It's manufactured, it's a product being marketed to a demographic. In the future music will be created by AI because people ran out of ideas. For what its worth, it is pretty catchy, but I prefer the Dagny version. Great video!
Love your videos muchly..but can’t drag my attention from that rack of six Les Pauls!  Perfection.
Morse code posing as music.
What would you do Rick, if Katy Perry’s people offered you writing credit for copying your song?  I would take the money, but be very unhappy about 9 other people getting credit.
This kind of blatant plagiarism is a re-occurring theme in popular mainstream music someone needs to do a continued segment on it imo.
Rick needs to listen to some Mr Scurff mixes. There's so much more out there.
Pop music isn't bubblegum anymore, it's Fruit Stripe gum.
This is actually a really common practice in the music industry these days. We all know that "songwriters" exist but these songwriters can take many forms. They may be career songwriters but many people do it as a side gig. These writers submit their song demos to agencies, who then pass it along to their clients who work in the recording industry. These clients may be managers for big artists, or advertising firms looking for a new jingle.   In other cases, a lesser-known artist may release a song. It is overflowing with potential for success, but the artist does not have the platform to reach the song's biggest audience. A song like this may be brought to a big artist by their manager or producer. In these cases, the original writers are credited on a remake (like what happened with the Katy Perry song above).   It is important to note that many people get songwriting credits, including producers (like Zedd) or musicians because the "writing" credit is also about writing the song structure and making creative choices (not only to do with the lyrics). Another thing of note: This is only half of the story. 50% of music royalties go to the writers and 50% to the publishers. All cuts of royalties for writers come out of their 50%. Also, the writer's share does not have to be divided up equally between everyone credited. This is all worked out on paper (called a "split sheet") and signed by everyone.   If you look at the wikipedia part in this video with this information in mind, there is nothing particularly suspicious about the quote written there. If anything, it just feels like a small piece of a bigger statement.   TL;DR: This video was argued from a consumer standpoint. The reality is that music licensing is a complex business that works far outside of public view. These things are common. While it may seem like the original artist is being ripped off, in many cases deals like these lead to more financial gain for them purely because it's now a Katy Perry song and will be streamed millions.... and millions... of times. Yes, the system is kind of sad. It's a shame that many original artists do not get recognition. There can only be so many celebrities before people stop paying attention.
Now we know why the artists are "money starved". Maybe if they fired 8 out of those 9 song writers, they wouldn't have to sue people for copying their cliché, cookie cutter, melodyne auto-tuned, ripped off crap songs.
I agree great  POP Production Incredible
proof Talent is in Production yeah, going w/Dagney .    (re-Title to : How KATY PERRY "Was Inspired By" I Mean, RIPPED This Song)
This is a great deconstruction of modern music in bitesize form. More of this please.
I've never gotten over the Oak Ridge Boys getting a massive hit off of "Elvira" which was melodically IDENTICAL to The Coasters SEARCHIN'!!! HATE ripoff cons, posing as artists...
that's right. Who gives a sht about sophisticated melody line with rich harmonic context. Let's talk about this groove mixed with vocals and beautiful drum beats 'one', 'two', 'one', 'two'. And that perfect bass dropout... wow, what a fkn lick. Thank you Rick, god bless Zedd and those eight amazing hard working talented people in studio.
So many brilliant artists out there...yet radio insists on spitting out bubblegum & disco drivel. We just have to search a bit to find them... For me ACL has been a source of new material for decades!
Do people really find either of these interesting?
It doesn't matter 🙄🙄
So Perry is a not talent hack ... what a surprise
when you have a producer/composer chain like in Katy Perry´s version, how will a reorder of the instances in the chain affect the final result? Similar to reordering instances in a channel strip?
Isn't it great that Dagny's creativity has inspired Katy Perry's creativity and we now have these two killer pop songs to listen to, instead of just one of them. Put them one after the other in your Spotify playlist and you don't have to repeat either track when you want to hear the same vibe twice. KP and her team have been absolutely transparent about how their song has come about. The last thing we want to do is tie our creative people up in knots thinking they can't go with their gut and follow what inspires them. Sometimes they'll be fully aware of where their inspiration is coming from. Other times they'll be less aware. Katy could have done a cover of the Dagny track, but she preferred to say her own thing with the vibe and still credit Dagny as a writer. That's all good. Personally,  it might have taken me a lot longer to find Dagny had it not been for the Katy Perry song.
That's the best that 9 PEOPLE can come up with?!? Damn, music is heading straight into the  void.
Rick really sleuthed out that pop music is just the same things repeated, regurgitated, and reconstructed year in and year out.  All it takes is one song to do something new, and then it's done 500 times until a new tune comes along.
Guess Rick ran out of ROCK music to review...on the verge of unsubscribing if this keeps up.
As usual, the original is better than the remake 😏
An awesome analysis of a pretty awesome record.
Both of these songs are so derivative generally.
What a shame it is that crap sells and copying crap sells even more!
Confirmed pop all sounds the SAME
I love Rick. He’s just awesome.
I’ve always loved ‘clarity’ and ‘the middle’ too. ‘The middle’ is an amazing piece of pop production.
I hate to say it, and I agree with Rick entirely, but the  hard synth chops on the Perry song are absolutely dope.
"Awesome falsetto." BEATO, Rick.  Nough' said
Why don't I like either of these songs?
Not the first time she “was inspired by” (aka copied) a song. Not a fan of Katy Perry.
It's actually the macarena if you listen even.closer!
its babba o reily
9 people, not including the ghost writers and producers.
This reminds me of the time my little sister told me that I should give her my jacket because it looked better on her.
It's all the producers.
I'm not a fan of either but the original held my attention so I guess I prefer it over "Katy's" version
I’m not surprised really Katy Perry is quickly turning into Karen Perry
I have always liked pop music as well. One of my favorites over the last few years is Thunderclouds by LSD
Great observations! For me (on first listen), the chords hitting on the 2,3,4 creates a natural "sidechain" for the kick, which really makes the whole track punch.
Rick, brilliant as usual but all this attention and analysis towards Bubblegum Pop $!@#. What's next, an in-depth breakdown of The Archies – Sugar, Sugar? ...sheesh
Why is there no lawsuit?
I love that as learned and legit as Rick is, he can still enjoy some well (over?) produced pop stuff.   If you can't admit to needing some bubble gum once in a while, you're not being honest.
It's quite like the who indeed... except for the fact that 'The Who' was actually real music and this is computerized crap.... Just my humble opinion...
Both “versions” are absolutely awful.
Katy Perry's "version" would be better with out her pathetic excuse for singing in it. Her 8 "writers" should juts have made a remix of Dagny's.
I thought that Rick already did a video on "Why Boomers Hate Pop Music"?
Rick with another undercover WMTSG. And, while he's there, roast some songwriters and offer a perspective on the music tastes of his generation.
Just like Ice Ice Baby was inspired by Under Pressure
Did he just compare Katy Perry to The Who? My musical taste and sensibility has been strained to the breaking point...😳
It's always great listening you dissect a song
This song tops anything Chopin ever did (when he was aged 1 year old).
Rick helps me hate pop music a little less.
This is not "inspired by",it's a rip off!
As always Rick’s analysis tells the story, but I’ve never really liked KP or her songs so I would never have wanted to hear this again. But a blatant Rip Off and I hope she paid accordingly.
incredible....this "artists" have no shame...no nothing, no ...study , no ..like u make RIck the spotifi top10 ....i was listen too ...amazing what ppl listen now....everything...somebody need to do something..
These songs are not bad, but I am never going to embrace the hip hop sound of most contemporary music.
In the old days people would write 12 minute classics by themselves. Nowadays you need 9 people to write a pop song. Times have changed. Good analysis though.
Is this music? Really?
So, in essence, he examined two songs and discovered why everything on the radio sounds the same.
It takes nine people to write a pop dance tune? What, did they each write a note? Perry also ripped off Sara Bareilles.
I still don't know what anybody likes about Katy Perry.
Why does it take like 5 people to figure out how to make a carbon copy of a song
IMHO, they're both shitty canned music =). But hey, beauty is in the eye of the beholder!
Can you please do a video on scale degree 2 and EVERY pop artists obsession with it
Actually, nothing Perry does is worth discussing...
"Clarity" is terrible.
Pop is a guilty pleasure of mine ,too ....if it is good to my ears.
what ever happened in the Elvis Love me tender vs Traditional Aura lee case
Some of it sounds like Pinks Beautiful Trauma too.
Glad you mentioned The Who because that's what I was hearing at the start! Haha ✌🏼 love KP's early stuff.  Check out Aussie band 'Stand Atlantic', new track Blurry or Skinny Dipping! Cheers.. 🇦🇺
Vanilla Perry
What a dogs breakfast of song...   Yuk.    What the hell has happened to music... smh.
As a mediocre guitar player who has been playing for 20 years and still doesnt know much lol, I respect your knowledge and passion for music. Always a good watch.
Rick is so cool, so glad I found this channel
Reading a couple of books on Tom Petty. I'm really appreciative of great songwriting of his and others who sit down at the piano or with a bass or guitar and manually play chords over and over again to create a song.
Zedd is really, really good.
the best thing about Katy Perry isn't her voice...
Shoooo!!!  I thought I was the only one raised on hard rock and heavy metal, and now that I'm 50 I have play lists on Spotify for Pop and Dance. I'm sure my wife is convinced I have a brain tumor.
Who are the chefs credited with creating Cheez Whiz?
I've been really inspired by the whole Beatles catalogue lately so expect some cool tracks from me very soon.
It seems you condone plagiarism. Disgusting how you are somewhat encouraging it
great!  i hear often the same chords on some songs nowadays ! and think, wait... hwats that... most if the first one was a real hit ! ;-D Kate Perry is great in rhythmical singing! if one or more notes! :-D shes great or minimum the editors ! :-DDD
Oh no the alphabet song is the same as twinkle twinkle little star. Baa Baa black sheep should sue them. The only thing flabby is this guys attempt at being relevant. Ffs music has been copied for centuries. Big fucking deal.
This is one reason I don't listen to that pop crap. Preprogrammed/sampled junk.
Normal people can say if they like the song or not. Sometimes they know it is because of lyrics or tempo. Or maybe some good memories they have with that song. People like Rick can analyze every small aspect of a son, just rip it apart searching for that small, 2 second sound and some chord progression which they like more than in other songs. I wonder if they (those “analytics”) enjoy the music the same as we (the „normals”) do. But – I have to be honest here – I’d love to be able to do the things Rick does. What a guy!
They fed the Dagny song through the computer with a slightly tweaked algorithm and out popped the Katy Perry song.
Commentary on pop music rarely gets down into the kind of granular musical analysis that you give us, Mr. Beato. Thank you for the work you are doing here. You do it well.
It took 9 people to put this bubble pop candy together? Wtf?
it took 8 people to rip off 1 person?
You should try to break down the song "If" by chon the same way you did with the top 10. chon is a prog rock instrumental band with 2 very talented guitarists.
It took *how* many people to write this song? Wow. Obviously, they're not familiar with the expression "Two half-wits does not make a wit".
Thank you for letting me know my headphones are on the wrong way around!
They squeezed the song for more bucks, that´s what inspired them..... the squeezing part is what requires a bunch of people in the recording room :)
Oh that needs to be mixed from beginning to end! That was sweet when both choruses are overlapped. The mix of both vocals are fucking killer!
They are both Baba O'riley by the who
Well.. my rant on pop music isn't even lyrics (which are indeed cringy by how uninspired they are) but jesus man, why do they yell so much?..
Rick's right--It's not "Stairway to Heaven".  Led Zeppelin stole that song from Spirit.  The more things change...
I also hear a little Love Walks In by Van Halen (stretch, I know), and that triplet vocal line makes me think of Cherry Cola by Savage Garden. Lots of pieces of catchy tunes in this one.
I think if they gave them credits it's okay. If they didn't, that would be a scummy practice. Otherwise, rappers do it all the time, when they take someone's instrumental (which is already half a ripoff anyways) and rap their own thing on it. And why not?
I like the Savage Garden version, myself Rick.
Rick, this is why I love your channel... You listen to music as a producer, not just as a fan. Sooooo many aspiring producers will be held back due to their bias of preferred style. I know for some that might actually work in their favor, but... I think it's cooler to be able to study different material from many different sources! I feel like great ideas are taking place in all styles of music somewhere, and so many miss out because they won't even listen to begin with! Great job, and I feel like you nailed it!... & yes, the production to Katy Perry's song is TIGHT
Trash
Hi, Rick... I watched this video a couple of days ago. I like to read the comments. It made me consider how I feel about pop music today. Full disclosure..,, my influences are from the mid-50s on. So when I listen to pop music today, I am less than thrilled. As I read the comments, they made me reconsider how I feel. I reconsidered. But I still feel that today’s music is banal at best. What made me write here was this...   I am sitting here with a vodka and tonic listening to Steely Dan. A fifty (almost) year old band. They are better than anything I hear today. And they are not the only great band from decades ago. Unfortunately today’s pop groups are formulaic and BORING. I appreciate your open mindedness. And am thankful for all your instruction. Keep it up.
Now I want to hear a full mashup of the two songs.
I love music videos like this that expose copy cats but in a more insightful way
I really liked the KP song when I first heard it and it was the production that appealed to me.  Never heard the Dagny song before.  Now I hate myself for liking the KP song since it's really a blatant rip off.  Wouldn't the "right" move for Zedd have been to reach out to Dagny and release a remix of the original?  At least that way the original artist, the writer, gets the credit deserved.  But I guess we don't know who had the original idea to copy the song.
I'm really stunned you think the KP version of this is better...I had to rewind the video to make sure I heard you right!  To me the KP song (like the Zedd song you also liked) are classic examples of OVERPRODUCTION.  So much artifice, so much "sheen".  It's like looking at pictures of women on Snapchat with that digital haze filter that smooths out all the wrinkles and gives this ghastly, plastic look...bleh!  Not for me.
The question is not whether these two songs that have been ripped off, the question is why are you listening to this junk crap mindless Bop pop music, Rick?
Wait a minute ! Who is this Dagny ? Her I like. BTW 9 people ?! Songs by committee. That's not a writing team, it's a focus group.  Sounds like a book I read once.
yeh...but katy perry nicked it from the Who ...."teenage wasteland "  ...Anyone ?????
I would be curious to hear your thoughts on the Satriani/ Coldplay incident from a few years ago
i would agree with you but most pop songs sound the same lol
@Rick Beato As a Producer this kinda stuff fascinates me and I can often spot copies and rip-offs as I'm listening to the musical content and arrangement. Another good example of this:  First listen to (original) US girl band G.R.L. - Ugly Heart, written and produced by same Katy Perry team (Dreamlab & Max Martin etc), then listen to UK girl band Little Mix - Shout Out To My Ex, mainly the chorus which is an exact copy, but also the vocals, the ad-libs, the rhythm, chords, melody, basically the whole production, with just a different verse part.
Melodies are actually different.
...So... was Dagny okay with Katy stealing the song? Katy is kind of notorious nowadays ( at least in my mind) for blaming that one group on account of supposedly copying her song Dark Horse...  Is this a different scenario because Katy's team spoke with Dagny prior to the release of the song, along with giving her a writing credit? Just seems like a bit of a hypocritical stance to say that Katy can copy songs without repercussions, but god forbid anyone be inspired by one of her songs... Anyone feel free to comment, I'd love to have a FREINDLY discussion.
Rick: “Can you actually have melody that’s one note?”  16yo me remembering Tenacious D’s 2001 album: 👀
Both of these songs are perfectly dreadful.
who cares?
Half-way through start to feel like writing a knowing comment about Baba O'Riley. Then Rick cuts to The Who....
I remember when I first heard I kissed a girl by Katy Perry and all I could think of was, wasn't this a song in the 90's?  I remember the Jill Sobule video being on MTV constantly.  They sound very different but the lyrics always made me feel like Katy Perry had some "inspiration"
The hard panned piece would actually make a good remix, great duet singing there!
Katy who? Yeah, I do hate pop music.
Ahhhhhhh as the present day pop music/ "country music" songwriters (all 7 of them), continue to eat their young, pretty soon there will no one left to write these abysmal songs. At some point, real writers will return to real music, with real lyrics, real emotion and real performances by artists, genuine artists, to ply their "craft", although, I don't see that day coming anytime soon, so hopefully the kids of the "distant then", will get it. Hopefully...
Major names ripping off minor acts or predecessors goes back to the beginning of recorded music.   Led Zeppelin, the beatles, rolling stones all ripped off songs and barely/rarely gave credit.
8:14 - benefit of the doubt, first one was  meant to be "ever"
9 writers and they couldn't come up with something more original? Willie Nelson, Johnny and June Carter-Cash and Kris Kristopherson have all written songs way better all by themselves. Have we taken 20 steps backwards in the music industry? Absolutely. This is why I hate most POP music.
b flat is the supertonic to a flat key ... can't go wrong with b flat
oh Rick, wish I had your ears ! waiting for you in 🇮🇹 grazie amico mio
As much as we dump on Pop music, there are reasons WHY it is popular.  The hooks, the rhythms, the production.  As much as we all want "the raw sound", the refined sound is just as pleasing.  Just like with wood projects, raw is nice to look at, in context.  Smooth is nice to the look at and to the touch.  Same goes for sounds.  There is something with the raw "live" sound that works, and there is something to a well done produced sound.  They work.  They are tools in the tool bag.
TBH, i feel like there are thousands of one-note-melody songs that feel like they are just copies of a copy of a copy of another copy of a song. No surprises here. At least they included Dagny in the writers credits.
Would you say it's time for our viewers to crack each others heads open and feast on the goo inside?
Well if the president elect can plagiarize his whole political career,why would artists today write their own tunes. Music today is repetitive crap.
rick knows his way around the daw, also music theory, i have tons of respect for that, its all very difficult stuff
Hahaha at the lyric rip. Seriously bad lyric writing can totally kill a good feeling song for me. Glad I'm not alone.
Two excellent singers backed up by what? Maybe a keyboard and a computer. All production and no musicianship. How does Katy do this live? With no one backing her but a track?
Guilty pleasure is right, but even when I’m with my 14 year old daughter; she can’t stand it either. Haha I guess I raised her right with her first concert was RUSH!
7:38 that is why I love you Rick haha
The key word is money...
Hy, there, Rick I gotta admit... I'm a rocker but... I loved this 9 composers song. But if it was made, or inspired, or even copied by me...what would could have happenned?  Regards from Rio Roberto
How did he distinguish them anyway? It's like with modern foley room assets, literally same sound, same feel, same production in every movie. Don't get me wrong, I actually appreciate modern pop and dance music, it has more gems than 80s and 90s. But these kind of tracks aren't them. McDonalds kitchenware sounds more inspiring. Well, maybe not more inspiring, but definitely more genuine
I respect you musical taste Rick, I can’t agree. This feels like an over produced, soulless money grab.
OMG, this is really interesting stuff!
Im glad you give Norwegian artist Dagny the respect she deserves
That is a nice wide stereo when you put those songs together :D
Ugggh!!  Horrible!!
9:21 "Out here in the fields, I fight for my meals" :-)
Wow! It's the same song. Lol.. Imitation is the greatest form of flattery($)? Oh well..  So speaking of new music, I have a new album coming out soon with my band Uzis N' Daffodils called "Appetite for Construction". We are compared to many great bands like GNR. We worked hard for a couple years writing all this music. Hope you guys will buy it and love it!   All original hard rock songs.   Track Listing:  1.Welcome To The Rumble* 2. It's So Hard* 3. Night Bus* 4. Out Ta Get Ya* 5. Mr. Whitestone* 6. Paradise Suburbs* 7. My Michael* 8. Think About Me* 9. Bad Child O' Mine* 10. You're Normal* 11. Not Anything Goes* 12. Rocket King*  All songs written and arranged by Uzis N' Daffodils except noted by * (GNR, West Arkeen, Steve Webber)
I'm sure this is a common observation, but I love how Rick can appreciate a song from any genre and genuinely get really into it. I'm not a huge pop person, but damn this song is good. Well, except for the lyrics lol. Weird how pop music can be produced by master artists yet the lyrics can still be terrible.
Very interesting. I think I hate that music.  Nine writers - ffs!
I don't "hate" pop. i like some of it. But i saw Katy Perry singling live in tv a couple tyears back and she was terrible. Maybe an off day. Wouldn't care to check again. I don t think this is a great song, but to each their own. Harmonically it's cliche, the lyrics are cliche, and i don t think she's anything special as a singer. Sure the production is good, but that s to me more about sound engineering than about music. And yes its a blatant ripoff, and the fact that "allegedly" 9 people were required  to write this is hilarious.
This turned into a "What makes this song great?" real quick
Did they have to ask permission from Dagny to include her in the writing credits? I'm just wondering if I could just include Lennon/McCartney to a song.
A copy, but what strikes me is how many writers and producers it takes to write a song nowadays, and yet they can't come up with original songs, using samples and other songs.
For some reason, the opening/riff reminds me of Baba O'Reilly by the Who.... can't not hear it now.
When you have a single note in your chorus, it is kind of hard for someone to not come out with something that is similar at some point. It would be like trying to get a copyright on a drum beat. The fact that they start on the same key doesn't matter either. The introduction melodies are completely different with different lyrics as well throughout. The harmonization of the chorus line is a bit suspicious, since they are strikingly the same. Although, it is just a simple descending down a major scale.  I'm guessing it probably was copied, but I think there is some room to doubt that it was.
Insightful -thank you!
Points out that it's not an original song, yet spends the entire video extolling its production value, instead of spending time on the original, without which Katy's saccharine version wouldn't have existed in the first place. "This Song" in the title should mean it's the focus of the video.
I'd be interested in hearing your opinion on the similarities between Chris Stapleton's version of  "Tennessee Whiskey" and Etta James's "I'd rather go blind".
rick lowkey made a what makes this song great on katy perry and i genuinely enjoyed it
Just another reason why I don't listen to pop music made after the 80's ended.
Yall realise its sampled right... like, katy has even said it herself
I’m not even into this music but Dagny is really good!
This analysis sums up the state the music industry finds itself in. 9 people to write a generic house beat.
I love pop music too. Those early Madonna recordings where great to play along to when I first learnt how to play drums. Lets Dance Bowie  has some awesome drumming. I listen to current day pop whilst at work. I dont like it much but I always try to remain open to ideas, production techniques etc.  Anywho's I listened/watched this vid and wasnt at all surprised by the content. The problem was the whole time I viewed I didnt really care. Pop music today doesnt hold enough for me to think that anything written will be remembered in 20 years. Big call I know. What I was really thinking the whole time was why Rick hasnt made a 'What makes the song great" of The Crooked Cross by Slayer. Its funky, its heavy, its Pop. Jeez Seasons in the Abyss is probably funkier (you can almost dance to it) but Crooked Cross would do just fine.
Wow. Leave it to three producers and a well out of her time popstar to butcher a decent song.
Its pop no surprise really.  Cheers
I pretty much stopped following pop in the mid to late 90s.  About when I stopped listening to radio.  Although I did manage a radio station since then, but it was mostly indie stuff. So never even heard this until now.  lol
Rick, I truly love what you do on this channel.  I am a lifelong hobbyist musician with fairly eclectic tastes, but for the most part I stopped listening seriously  to pop music somewhere towards the end of Michael Jackson's heyday.  It was already too formulaic and too soundalike.  Unfortunately, it has only gotten worse. There are certainly exceptions - Beyonce, when she puts in the effort, can produce exceptional music, as can some others.  I know very little about production, but your expertise about production techniques has given me a new appreciation for some of what is being written and released.  Unfortunately, often the best that can be said about many of the hits these days is that "...the production values are really great!"  To my ears, these two songs fall into that category.  It's not that the musicians involved are not talented - of course they are.  It's just that they are trying to squeeze a lot of talent into a very narrow field of what is considered marketable.  For me, the major hotbeds of creativity are in the Americana and roots areas these days.  Of course, there's always more money in pop.
I try.. but no matter how objective I attempt to be, I just can't get into this type of music. Songs like this seem absolutely disposable to me and I feel like there are a thousand others that sound just like it. In fact, unless there is some type of future "revolution" in the music business, I'm afraid the best years have sadly come and gone.
Well, I could not tell most of the music of the dagnyperrys of the world apart. As soon as I hear something like that I just switch the channel...
Rick overanalysing a very basic pop songs praising great vocal melody / rhythm , standard vacuum sounds 15 year olds use in their first EDM tracks. Bizarre
I think they copied it from us. We went through a soft whispering sticky pop period. Hell yer Dagny and Perry - Kids. Cover one of ours to help the retirement fund out. 😁
Hey Rick, have you seen that Andrew Huang video about why pop music is obsessed with this one note? He talks about the supertonic note being used in the catchy part you like.
If it is a rip-off then it is not a good song, just a rip-off a good song. I expected that you would analyze Dagny's song not Katy Perry's rip-off. sigh
The Dagny song is way more authentic.
Being a 48 y.o. metal guitar fuddy duddy, music has not done much for me in the past 25 years. There have been a few rock songs, a few metal songs, but other than Metallica, Megadeth, even some Foo Fighters, the music scene for me has not been very rewarding lately. Having said that, I am a Beatles freak, i LOVE disco, mainly because of the bass lines, you can see by my avatar, I love KISS and have been a card carrying member of the KISS army since 1978, in good standing of course-even though they should have packed it up about 25 years ago, Van Halen, Zep, yadda,yadda.. But there is one "modern" artist I find just fucking fantastic, and cannot fathom why you have never featured her. St.Vincent. An absolute beast of a player, complex songwriting, yet still with a great instantly likeable pop sensibility for some the "less technical" listeners, and she creates such a huge, layered sound via her ingenious use of a few cheap pedals. Her custom guitar, I think, is one of the coolest original styles in many, many years( I would love to get one, but I am 6'2, 215. It would look like a Hello Kitty acoustic on me.) There is no doubt you know of her, I would love to hear you break down some of her tunes. Who, with David Byrne - Cruel - Digital Witness - Help Me - Mouthful of blood - Birth in reverse,  you cant go wrong with her.
If people look and/or listen hard, or not even that hard, everyone will realize we are living in the age of un-original, stolen, and talentless bull crap. I hope people wake up. Ive been realizing this for a while now. (Edit): Just look around YT and IG people. Everyone is only doing musical covers and getting all kinds of recognition for stealing riffs and saying they wrote a song. Its bs.
You were listening to a pop station. Why???
Doggone it.  I've gone and learned something on the freaking internet.  While Rick talked I actually followed and understood what he said.  I'm getting drunk.
8:13 - It took 9 people to write that. NINE. PEOPLE. N.I.N.E.  How about 'always'?  Want a word with three syllables? Try 'constantly'.  Took me about 5 seconds to come up with both. Both are about 12,000 times better than repeating 'even'. Joke of the day : How many writers does it take to write a Katy Perry song?  Answer : 9.  1 to think or a random word and the other 8 to ham-fistedly shoehorn that word into the song as many times as possible.
Rick, you are far too kind to Katy Perry’s team.  They ripped off a song and added flourishes and production gimmicks.  It’s almost as if you are kissing up to them.  I think they deserve a harsher critique for such blatant plagiarism.  I guess there’s a blue line in the recording production community too.
I think that Katy Perry has consistently had interesting arrangements on most of her hit tunes for sure..
"Thou shalt not be "inspired" by thy neighbor's..."  you get the idea. Rick is right. It's a ripoff.
9 writers and it still sounds like pap....
loved the break down.
They both suck.
Nine writers, nine 🤔🤦‍♂️ writers......so if I sample that and make my own track, that makes 10. Grammy anyone🤦‍♂️😂
They sampled that snare from Dagny!
Lmao who cares Listen to some fuckin Overkill !!!!
Rick what a great video.  Keep up the great content.   My wife and I found this so interesting.
I liked this one a lot back when it was on radio. Cool video about the writing backstory and production. Thanks!
Katy Perry sucks
They are both garbage and have beginnings that sound like another garbage song "Soak Up The Sun".  Music post-1995 is trash..
One Note Samba?
They put the acknowledgements in the description though and dragny received money lol I’m not sure what’s the argument here is and I love this channel
Yeah I hear that “sucking sound” loud and clear.
Both songs sound obnoxious!
This is why I've stopped listening to pop music: rip offs with bad lyrics. Luckily, I went to Laneway Festival in February, and discovered some great bands: DMA's, Hockey Dad and Ocean Alley. They have restored my faith in rock music.
I appreciate both, but to be honest, those opening chords, all I can hear is  Baba O'Reilly... EDIT: And man, should've waited to finish the video before commenting, because Rick addresses that.
Someone stole your les paul at 8:05
I love your breakdowns of the songs you feature. I also enjoy that you have a wide range of tastes and aren't prissy about whether a song is pop, rock, dance, singer/songwriter or other genres. A good, well-produced song can be in any style and still be appreciated. Thanks for your continuing videos Rick.
I could take a crap in a paper bag and Rick could take a crap in a paper bag.  Nobody would really be able to tell the difference.  Don't worry about this crap and listen to good music:)
Sometimes you really surprise me, Rick, with your love of shitty pop music.
Let's see someone plagiarise Telegraph Road.
How many contemporary pop music writers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Pop music is a very exciting genre
Perry is a semi-talent with a nice figure who has taken the cheesecake route to stardom. I fucking hate her.
Pulling the the drums for the hook makes me wanna puke 🤢 🤮 I cannot continue watching.
Sorry, there is a lot more to my hatred of pop music than just the "even" in the lyrics.
What's weird to me is I don't like either song but together they sound great!
It took all these people to write a mediocre song whoohooo
AI approved formulaic  hit?
Katy perry should be seen and not heard.
11:12     R I C K
"Life's too short to argue over pop songs." -Tom Petty
Both recordings sounded souless and contrived. I used to make industrial infomercials. I got to be an expert at it. LOL I had a mental list of a dozen things that worked and recycled them. This is not new ...Bach had his list of 'tricks' he used when doing solo gigs that he improvised to show off. I learnt them and they still apply. It may be music but definitely not art!
Teenage Wasteland! (Baba O'Reily)
LMAO    OMG  Weird Al karma ....miss the old  selling term paper to  Ivy league  peeps..   Shoot we only had 6 editors.
she wasnt inspired,  she bought that song from dagny!  this is so cringe its fucked ut,  shame on u rick.
I'm not sure she has a soul.
Both songs are really boring, I love your videos but I can't agree with you on this one
This isn’t the first time this has happened with Katy Perry, the chorus melody for Hot n Cold is practically a direct copy of a synth melody from the breakdown in the extended version of New Order’s “Perfect Kiss” from the Substance 1987 singles collection.
So... actually... the songs overlapped... sounds kinda dope... should totally just mash them together lol
I never heard these songs before but as soon as I heard them I heard savage garden I want you in the choruses. Any thoughts?
Hey Rick! There is this phenomal song I would like you to analyze for a video, in your "what makes this song great series." The song is titled: "day after day" by Badfinger its quite a sophisticated song I'd love for you to check it out.
Katy Perry seems to be "Influenced" by a LOT of different artists ........ Ask Sara Bareilles, Taylor swift, Juicy J, Marcus Gray......just sayin......
The ability to acknowledge the merits of this song at the same time as acknowledging it’s plagiaristic origins... so wonderful to see someone reflect on the interesting complexities involved in creative enterprises.  This alone is actually an incredibly important way to engage the world. These days people have been suited up for cultural warfare; the moment they encounter anything that presents even the most frivolous ethical dilemma they see red. They resort to “seek and destroy” programming and are immune to evidence of any positive contributions of opposing ideas or actions... everything associated with that competing idea is wicked or otherwise contaminated.  Katy Perry is an easy target. Led Zeppelin was guilty of the EXACT same practices(see “Dazed and Confused” and others) but there is nowhere near the amount of eagerness to attack or “cancel” them over it. I regard this as evidence of at least some degree of cognitive dissonance where people’s taste in music is affecting their logical faculties. In the case of Led Zeppelin, I would argue the same point: the world is a richer place that they took an obscure song and gave it their unique treatment... except in that case I believe they had to be sued to give credit to the original songwriter Jake Holmes.   My broader point is that it takes maturity to see past the veil of personal bias and see things objectively. Bravo.   Rick, I’ll admit I was initially annoyed months ago when YouTube kept insisting I watch your videos, but you have gradually won me over. This is really the icing on the cake. The epitome of “It’s less important WHAT you think, but HOW you think”. In this video, the star of the show is NEITHER song or artist, but rather the well intentioned and articulate analysis on display. You approached a subject concerning abstract dimensions of artistic integrity with integrity all your own.  If we could synthesize this style of reasonable observation into our culture we would be far less polarized; capable of seeing the good in one another and learning more deeply through other abstract/creative problem solving. Then again, maybe I’m just a verbose hippie. Thanks for making this and cheers!
The thing about the pop-tarts, is that you can switch the vocals with a thousand other female vocalist and you can't tell the difference. The damn voice is so processed and sound so computerized.
play Katy Perry California Girls and Keisha Tik Tok , same song, written by the same person I think
Thanks for being open-minded enough to post a video about this. This song goes far beyond plagiarism. I think your video accurately portrays how the music business machine is more about marketability than it is about artistic integrity. Definitely not the first time and definitely not shocking... the opening chords of Stairway to Heaven for example. thanks for keeping it real.
Satanists can't create anything, only twist and invert what already exists.
This turned into a WMTSG.  Its so interesting watching Beato get pumped about modern pop when I've seen him as pumped about Yes and Genesis.
Refurbished song is always worst
Both of these songs are copies of Savage Garden's "I want you"
Yes but... she (Katy) swallowed a keyboard...
This is Tik Tok/California Girls all over again. Ew.
Man, I'm trying to care. I really am...
As if Katy perry actually wrote anything
The dude put both songs knowing that he will be unfairly demonetized, he's did it for the content disregarding the greed of the big assholes, respect.
I cant remember what artist she ripped off but she did the same thing with her song Spiritual. Its almost exactly like another artists song. Does anyone remember who that artist was? I'm curious what he would say about that?
KD Lang/ Ben Mink "Constant Craving" vs Mick Jagger/ Keith Richards "Anybody Seen My Baby". Same cake different frosting.
Isn't this how all pop music is written? There are really only 10 songs in all of poop, I mean pop music.
Both songs, pretty much suck.. Like most stuff today.
The Katy Perry song is better produced, but I always think her vocals are really boring in any song she ever sings. The Katy Perry version would have been better and more musical with literally any other female vocalist.
Now do Michael Buble ripping off Sara Bareilles
Rick, how about making  "What makes this song great" episodes analysing some pop songs? I mean there's pop and there's good pop right? I would love to see you analyzing songs from Abba, Michael Jackson, Madonna or any other great pop artists. There's tons of great, ambitious pop songs out there! Anyhow thx for this, love your content btw. Keep up the great work you do! Cheers!
She also definitely ripped Flame’s “Joyful Noise” on her song “Dark Horse” a few years ago.  Pretty messed up :(
Jesus Christ saves us from our sin if we put our faith and trust in Him! we all sinned and fell short of Gods perfect glory (romans 3:23) and the wages of sin is eternal death! (romans 6:23) but the gift of God is this   john 3:16-21: “for God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because they have not believed in the name of God’s one and only Son. This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed. But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light, so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of God.”  and romans 10:9-13: “If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you profess your faith and are saved. As Scripture says, “Anyone who believes in him will never be put to shame.” For there is no difference between Jew and Gentile—the same Lord is Lord of all and richly blesses all who call on him, for, “Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.”  God is coming at a time we least expect, and if we put our faith and trust in Him He will gift us His grace and clothe us with the righteousness of His blood (but of course death could not hold Him, He is risen!) and we will have eternal life in His kingdom where there will be there will be no more death, or sorrow, or crying. there will be no more pain, for the former things have passed away. because He loves you so much! (romans 5:6-8) but if we deny and reject Him and don’t repent from our sins to follow God, then we will have our part in the lake which burns with fire and brimstone, which is the second death. so hear these words, repent and believe the gospel! accept Jesus Christ and confess your sins to Him so that He will forgive you and give you a life with truth, love, joy, and peace. which will never fade away or perish. all if you haven’t done this already and He hasn’t done this for you already. also when you have time please you should watch this channel here on youtube called “Christ forgiveness ministries” and hear what they have to say, glory to God. God bless! ✝️👑💟
Its basically a pop rehash of Baba O’Reily by The Who...
Most modern pop songs sounds the same for me
Not into most of today's pop but I'm with you on this song. Actually, Katy Perry Inc. has made some pretty decent song choices over the years (theft in this song's case). But generally speaking, the pop of the past, i.e., 60s, 70s,  and 80s pop was many levels above today's pop.
How much post-tuning and beat alignment do you think they had to do keep that single note pitch and rhythm so consistent across all those syllables? No that I don't think she could do it to human satisfaction without augmentation but it sounds very likely processed. I'd like to see pop music return to having performances done instrumentally and vocally without Beat Align and pitch correction. Just be good and record a stellar performance in the room. Honestly, it has gotten so robotic and unlistenable to me.
Music corporate types sitting  around contriving to knock off other' artist ideas for hits songs? No.....surely that would never happen? Modern life is rubbish
Time aligned, auto-tuned, the Margarine of music. Give me the real "butter"  - you can have the "synthetic" crap.
By really "well-produced" do you mean canned sounding, sterile resemblances of actual timbres? New production techniques sound so empty and sucked out. They forgot that sounds have midrange.
i'm sorry rick but this song sucks
How about Jill Sobule I kissed a girl,1995
thing is...  for this superficial-era music (the actual product is the looks of the performer)  rewriting someone else's song is like wearing the same dress another girl wore to the party--on purpose.  or singing the same song another girl just did at an open mic.  insult.
I agree: the vocal rhythm is catchy! Katy Perry has a good, strong voice. However, she "over-sings"  at times. Compared to the literature of great Pop songs: this song  (either version) is mediocre, at best.
Most pop music these days are ripping off each other in a regular basis. I don’t think I have heard an original sounding pop song in a long time. The only group would be “The Weekend” I have even heard their vocal melody ripped off in a recent song from one of their recent songs. I really can’t listen to most modern pop music now!!!!
"... it's like The Who."  HAHA!  my dude.  so right.
Love the channel but always a complete sausage fest.   Any female rockers or bands worthy of your time?
9 writers. Fucking hilarious. "writers".....
I'm waiting for a pop singer to steal one of my songs, so I can get a pay day.
I consider them bloody songs better mixed together the way Rick did ;) Katy in Left Speaker and Dagny in Right - or was it other way around. Damn.
I really love how it doesn‘t matter what genre, you see the beauty in the song, the composition and all the little elements, that most people don‘t even notice! I love rock, and because of this song I added Katy to my collection ;-)
Yes. Every Zedd song sounds the same.
You should do John Lennon’s “Merry XMAS War is Over” with Joan Baez’s version of “Stewball.”
Its drumline inspired!!
Isn't there like 3 notes in the whole song?
Lol Thanks for the inspiration
They sound amazing played in parallel!
Well. Those two lines. And the boring melody and annoying repeating only to get into the brain. The ongoing subject of im dropped by my boyfriend or my boyfriend dropped me. Its all the same.
Is this almost the same concept as sampling Hip-Hop and Rap? 🤔
We all know it's just Teenage Wasteland and we're all wasted
The SUPERTONIC
I’d like to hear your take on Taylor swifts you need to calm down as a rip on M.I.A paper planes, which I know is a credited sample from the Clash
Great video Rick! Love when you cover current songs and hits!! 🤘🏼
The paned version sounded cool 🤯
What I NEED to know is that Dagny is making a profit on this rewrite of her song
The only thing more impossible than this "inspired coincidence" is Biden's 80,000,000 votes.
Ads are a great relief when it comes to this kind of music.
Great stuff Rick, you figured out how to make hating constructive XD
You don't know if they would have come up with the song without the Dangni song Rick?  I hope you're playing dumb lol    Of course they wouldn't have.   I don't think The Katy perry one is better either.  Just had 9 producers and 1 million dollar engineering best studios, more time and benefit of not having to come up with any original ideas,  that's hard, takes soul,  and takes time.
When the songs are this similar, why not just cover the original? (Yes, that's a rhetorical question.)
Both of the songs are completely forgettable. Also the tempo sounds a little like the rhythm in the WHO song Teenage Wasteland. Except it resolves to A flat. Only 12 notes to use. 7 notes in the major scale.
The tropes in modern pop music go way beyond 'cliché'. They are, it seems, a requirement. I'm not going to say there is no talent in modern pop music production but there is precious little actual music and virtually no originality. Certainly, no musicians were used in most of these 'songs'. On top of that, when it takes 9 writers to come up with this pap you have to wonder what happened to the art of songwriting.
It doesn’t matter. They both suck.
Watch some of Katy's earlier acoustic work, it completely changed the way i viewed her. She actually did an MTV Unplugged that was great as well . She gets a bad rap because of the bubble gum pop, but underneath it all she's a great guitar player and extremely talented.
Yes great production, extremely catchy and easy for someone to sing along to the one note melody. But the problem for me is the lack of melody throughout. That's what's wrong with modern pop music - no endearing melody.
Come ooon man.. Katy Perry has so polished, american and boring vocals. At least Dagny has some emotion going on.. Dissapointed that you higlight the Katy Perry song at the end instead of the original..
VISIT MY CHANNEL, YOU´LL FIND SOME NEW MUSIC...
I am glad you see value in Kate Perry and this style of music. Call me old fashion. Or old fuddy-duddy. But I am an old rock-and-roll guy. Cream, Led Zeppelin, Cars or the Doobie Brothers. This stuff not!
The bass in the one second clip of the Who is heavier than the entire Katy Perry song combined.
One Note Melodies were brought back to focus just before this by Taylor Swift. It's actually very similar as far production goes as well. :)
Imagine if it Pharrell Williams getting inspired by Marvin Gaye... Clearly someone got ripped off.
Once you get into the shallow end of the pool anything is possible...and equally trivial.
Triplet flo is not impressive or laid back. It will consistently make me think of the Migos and I hate the migos
Steve Gadd on drums!!   lolzzz     i love the hypnotic drone on and on and on affect of this song.    Absolute Talent
I heard Dagny's song before Katy Perry copied it. So Dagny it is 👍🇳🇴
but she's so talented!   she has the right parents.  and besides, it doesn't matter what we mortals think: she has God on her side.        Growing up, Perry and her siblings were not allowed to eat the cereal Lucky Charms as the word "luck" reminded their mother of Lucifer, and had to call deviled eggs "angeled eggs". Perry primarily listened to gospel music, as secular music was generally discouraged in the family's home. (Wikipedia is your Friend)
Hence the reason we labeled POP MUSIC "cookie cutter music" Rick.
Sounds a lot like a song from Final Fantasy 10 or X. Look up Besaid island song.
Dagny makes KP sound like a hack. All I hear is board room decisions and thieves. And I hate pop music for that very reason.
Also, you could sing "Teenage wasteland" over the pre-chorus....
Polyphia - GOAT - pls give us your thoughts!!
Awe, maybe they playing the tract and recording new parts and vocals, and then dissolving the original tracks, leaving a very similar new song for the master. Of whatever way, They sure know how to crank out hits, though, and market them, using phenomenal singers, musicians, engineers, and producers... Of course, IMO, You have a great ear of intellect and skill picking that up in the spirit of the way of truth.
People come up with some amazing songs which adds to the world being fantastic, not including the f up stuff. Man, if people would only stop fighting in error; it would be a whole lot better.
Lol- sounds pretty good both playing together-- how ironic on another level. It like talk and answer tracks
9 writers for one song...Solo hook is one of the most cliche things you can do? Pop music is one of the most cliche things you can do.
funny. so you just write them in and a rip off is tolerated? I mean 9 (!!!)writers could have easily changed it to sth. "new"...
Geez Louise...
I think all this new, highly processed, electronic music is total garbage.
Rick, did you ever check out Andrei Cerbu?
go to listen to Dagny... thanks Rick again!
This is so prevalent in the music biz today. Well done 👍
none of these little pop singers can write and many can't even sing,,,,,they are all phony's and pathetic,,,,
To my ear, these two tracks that are almost identical owe a lot to Imogen Heap.
Burn it all down!
Katy Perry 🤮 getting sick from her terrible screaming... why did you do this to me, Rick, why?
This isn’t the first time this has happened. Go listen to “Brave” by Sara Bareilles and tell me if it sounds like another Katy Perry song.
Musical equivalent of a sugar rush
How did KP explain the similarities between Roar and Sara Bareilles’ song Brave written years earlier? “Inspiration” again?
echoes of Imogen Heap on Katy's vocal line...
Dude! Keep you pop flag high and proud! It's so great to see how open you are for your love of pop music. I think way to many musicians are afraid to be honest with some of the music they like. I remember in music school how everyone only talked about Pat Metheney, Lyle Mays and Kurt Rosenwinkel. But going through their music collection, I saw that many of them had albums from Backstreet Boys and Britney Spears. :-)
It made me think of Lou Reed Sweet Jane
Ripping off crap to make MORE crap.  Pop music in 2020 in a nutshell.  I have said it for years and will continue until some originality comes back, there are INSANELY talented musicians that are performing pathetically poor music probably since the early 2000's at the latest. It really started in the 90's (my era) with the "bubblegum pop" that was such a big thing.  They figured out how to produce, package, sell and repeat so efficiently that all (or at least most) the creativity in music just went away. At least in the most popular and visible music.  Does anyone honestly think there's even a REMOTE chance we get a groundbreaking album like Tommy, A Night at the Opera, or Rubber Soul? 90% of these performers don't even write their own music. Many can barely READ music.  I suppose it's too harsh to say there's NO originality left.  But it's really few and far between.  And I suppose the problem, at least in part, with today's music versus previous eras is that the music from previous eras exists now.  So the pool of available ideas has been depleted. Whereas bands/artists from the past had a much wider pool of creative options to draw from that "hadn't been done before."  So perhaps the comparison isn't fair. But it certainly makes one fear for the future of music.  This got long. Sorry.
Yours is.....ours is...
Reminds me of when Melania was "inspired by" Michelle.
Never heard either song. Is that bad?? 😬
Rick, if it's. your guilty pleasure other than Clairty.... what's your favorite pop song?
Love your channel and energy friend! 🥰❤
Compare the prechorus on Always by Erasure to the prechorus of Firework by Katy Perry
The AI is beginning to repeat itself.
There is great pop music but this does not fall into that category. Extremely boring millenial song full of cliches. There are so much better songs, even from Katy Perry.
Wait, at 9:37, you don't mean 'tonic' (Ab) you mean 'root of the IV chord' (Db) right?
Danny was the hot chic in scooby doo
I hate pop music because I love the blues and rock n roll.... Hello???
10:30 The Who into In Your Eyes by PG
Just thought it was kind of funny, a red guitar in background goes missing around the 9:10 mark, lol, Just something that caught my eye.
Katy Perry is really good pop hit maker. Here albums are almost 10 out of 10 as far as hit success. Both versions of this song are very good. Katy is one of the best in this business.
So really you're just trying to drive the lawyers nuts. Who gets to de-monitize you first?
I think you like pop music because you are a producer.  I loook more for the songwriting, and this kind of music gives nothing new to me
Both sort of sound like musical bowel movements.  Let me clarify this is not a soothing musical bowel movement rather this one involves lots of burning peppers and sharp chicken bones scraping and piercing one's anterior lining resulting in massive infection and a long lingering death where the victim is begging for termination. Its on that level only probably worse. A Vogon poetry marathon or a 5 hour Kim Il Jong opera might be the only thing worse in the known universe.
I kept hearing "teenage wasteland"... then you said it!
Real shame
Naahh... Still a fan of another kind of pop music. Beatles, Rolling Stones and so many others... Actual melodies, chords, harmonies... Today it ain't nothing close to music. It's just pop.
Well, at least they admitted early that the song was copied.
When you play those opening chords all I keep hearing in my head is BABA O'Riley. Glad that you finally mention it around 10:25.
i'm hearing a bit of highway to hell in there somewhere.....
Mixed version on 3:44 sounds cool!
I totally agree with you rick, she definitely stole the song. Anyway, can I have one of your marshall amps please. You have got far too many amps, and I have only got an old Laney GC30, and it needs replacing. Thank you so much.
THIS VIDEO CLICKBAIT IS MORE GENERIC THAN ANY KATY PERRY SONG! - being in a bad mood, the thumbnail kinda triggered me already and I decided to watch this (I thought obviously toxic-nostalgic old man rant) and unleash a firey comment , and while my first line is true I got a very pleasant surprise how you, Rick, couldn't help but demonstrate the qualities in these hit songs and also the many details that makes it more than a "copy". It's not that I "love" Katy Perry songs, but I admit that I don't mind teaching those at all. Seeing you admit guilty pleasures and gettting passionate with the tasty polyryhthms of seemingly suprficial pop songs was an unexpected pleasure to me and made the video far less boring than the title suggested. Thanks, man, I even almost subscribed
How many writers does it take to write a 3 chord pop song?  9
While I appreciate and agree with your comments on the quality of the music production of this tune, the fact that it was ripped off just solidifies my opinion that the modern day music industry just plain sucks.
I find pop hard to listen to cos' of melodyne. But I do enjoy these videos of Rick saying why he likes a pop song a lot. Lots of little things I wouldn't think of going on, And I can apriciate a lot of the craft and cool ideas that are happening.
terrible song
Only thing to do is make a song called  "Its never really over (cause i love you that)" make it a duet...
too much time on your hands man.
I noticed both songs are equally forgettable
Nothing new under the sun!
There's also the fact that credits most of the time don't mean anything especially in the anglo-american music business. I know several groups in which the singers and the producers are credited for the songs although they didn't write a single note or word. Very often guitar players and keyboard players write the songs and are not mentioned in the writing credits.
Hey Rick have you heard Angelina Jordan? I’d love to hear your what makes this song great for Angelina’s Million Miles!
Hmm. “Reimagining”. “Inspired by”. Code for plagiarism. Pay Dagny all royalties from this song and it’s all good.
Love the channel Rick but please lose the clickbait thumbnails. Your channel has enough respect and integrity that it doesn't need to resort to that kind of tackiness.
Rick I think you should explore the loop library of Logic Pro this will further dishearten you. If you look at the loop catalog for Logic you will find the vast majority of pop songs out today are just drag and drop Logic Loops with some added effects. On the very rare occasion you find a melody is actually played over the loops but it may shock you how many producers today are just using the drag and drop Logic Loops. I hear them on the radio all the time and I just have to chuckle since someone is making huge money from it and my creativity and my conscience wouldn't let me build a song from just LOOPS 👉🤪👈
They used the framework and credited the original writer. (who was probably well paid) I don't personally see the issue.
This man truly loves music. And that is why I have been a subscriber for so damn long. Great video!
Absolute garbage.  Pop music is absolute garbage.
Wow for sher
Rick please review some synthwave / retrowave songs.
Didn't Katy Perry get sued recently for not crediting "inspirational" sources?  I suspect the writing credit was to head of any future legal headaches.  I imagine Katy's legal team is pretty careful about similar sounding music these days.
Just hearing these songs back to back reassures why I despise “ pop” music . Thank you Rick
Taylor Swift..
I literally said to myself... sounds like The Who, 5 seconds later you said it! 🤣
As someone that adores classic rock, prog rock, Mellotrons galore in music, The Beatles, King Crimson, Floyd etc,... I also admit I am a fan of Katy Perry. Every time I hear the song Firework I cry almost as much as if listening to Islands by King Crimson. There's a formula or (code) that gets me with Perry productions. Guilty pleasure? Perhaps... and i love it!
Hey, I am just surprised they asked for permission :) Props to them for that.
Welcome to the world of music buddy? You know every rock song ever has the same beat???
The “beato breakfast club” maybe 🤔. Naaa
Yes but think about it: if one writer can write a big hit, think how many copies you'll sell with 9 writers. Billions probably.
I'm sorry Rick, I've really tried.  I'm a musician and I've really tried, honestly.  Where are the Carol Kings or the Joni Mitchells anymore?  You know those novelty gotcha' things that look like a soup can and when you open it a spring loaded snake comes popping out?  That's what all this modern pop seems like to me.  It just leaps out and almost startles you.  Why does everything have to sound like the jingle for a soft drink commercial anymore?  I'm sorry man, I just can't get onboard with this stuff.  It's all just plastic.
you'd know production,but  doesnt sound there's a musician in the room :-(
Check out Apocalyptical by Puscifer Its a newer one that i think really shows off the exact kind of thing that's going on here.
And to think George Harrison was sued over "My Sweet Lord" for ripping off "He's So Fine". Similarity? Yes. But no law suit between these two songs and they are much more similar. George didn't give credit however and denied the influence except on his subconscious perhaps.
Is this music?
Yeah Never Really Over is definitely a good song. I don't think any music lover can disagree with that
Christ, and Zeppelin went through years of litigation over STH.
Snare me here ,snare me there, snare me everywhere. And whats up with the Auto tune, jeez.
'So im in my curry yesterday...'
The amount of times this has happened to me and nobody believes me
Yes, I'm there with you Rick on pop music! Love my Rock but yes I hate how it seems like too many pop songs are rip-offs from other songs. Good topic.
Sounds to me like they used the Dagny song as a template, added some extra elements to fill in the spaces (chords in the intro, marching snare, bass slides, backing vocal pads etc), changed parts of the melody but kept the moments they liked. In the end, what is 1 to 3 9ths of the streaming revenue of a Katy Perry song :?
MILEY CYRUS MADE A GUITAR SOLO OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Cool analysis. I wonder if this is going to end up in court over copyrights.
A bit off topic. I assume the music was being picked up by the mic? Those Speakers sounded really good!! If this is the case I can hear everything.
I hate that I love Katy Perry songs. Pop drivel for sure but so tonally and MATHEMATICALLY compelling, you can’t help but to fall in love with it. Thank goodness they at least went about giving credit to Dagny in the writing process instead of figuring out it out later in the courts like other artists have done over the years.
Surprised that Rick kind of likes Perry's version. A really good desert does not need a lot of sugar. But Perry's song does.
Why waste your time? Running out of material? Asking for a friend 😏
classic Zeppelin
As similar as the songs are they're still not identical. It was different enough not to enfringe on copyrights.
It’s literally a sample. Yes the songs sound very a like but it’s sampled and they get writing credits... like what more do you want more? It’s not a crime and they gave credit where it was due.
Really, Soooo Imagine Dragons, 🙄😏😂
Your awesome Rick. Thanks for being real and passionate about music and life.
Dagny's version is way cooler.  Would love to hear her voice in something that's not bubble gummy.
Glad you mentioned The Who! Also, Prince’s The Beautiful Ones is similar in the verses and intro/1st endings.
On average falling coconuts kill about 150 people per year.
Katy Perry is at a point in her career where she doesn't need to do anything truly original in order to make serious coin. Just periodically regurgitating the work of other artists will keep her rich. What more does one need?
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery?
"So you really think pop music is nice" Rick: "I do and I'm tired of pretending it's not"
Please make a What makes this song great about the Mandolorian main theme
9 writers means you keep 9 10 ths of the song.
I think that the real point here is that virtually every song from this era are almost exactly the same as every other song. It's so cynical, un-Artistic and a true indication of the music 'Business'... shallow sounds.. mud for my ears.
Rick you are a genius. Please do an analysis of Running Up That Hill, the Meg Meyer cover please
It reminds me of academic research when one grad student at a western university submits some work and then 40 foreign grad students for the next 30 years plagiarize it and get positions in western universities.... and the cycle continues exponentially.
I actually like the dagny one
"out here in the fields, I fight for my meals"....i kept hearing when you played the chords...then you said the Who????....yup
"Killer singing" to me sounds auto tuned, so I can't really think that singing as good... :(
I remember in the 90s when all the indie bands got absolutely slated for ripping off 60s songs. Nowadays you can just rip off a song that was released 6 months before yours and nobody cares. How times have changed
Rick, don't do this anymore :( it's just waste of hearing and time.
Dagny just subscribed
LOL 🤣😂🤥🤥🤥😝
It sounds as if it were the same song with two singers on the chorus... and the rest of the song.
"One note melody"...  ripped right off of Savage Garden.
The queen of "one-note melodies" is Harriet Wheeler from The Sundays.
Today’s music is rubbish.
Bah. Write your own songs. I get it, pop songs are all scooped out of the same bucket of turds. But at the very least get your own turd, don’t polish somebody else’s.
can someone send this to pete townshend please.
Found out that Dagny is another Norwegian pop-lady. So much great music from there lately. A lot to check out..
So is she routinely "inspired" in this way by other's works because I feel as though I constantly hear about her involved in legal issues over it.
How many people does it take to write a modern pop “hit”?  Nine too many!
Tthe vocals in the chorus sound like a form of percussion, which adds to the snare underneath.
I gotta say I like the Dagny song better. It's groovier and more propulsive. Perry's version is like a march, it's strident and staccato. Also Perry has way too much Autotune. And Dagny has lusher harmonies.
Katy Perry, paying Dagney in exposure.
who cares?  It's like trying to decide who was the first to make a turd sandwich... both suck
perfect analyse ! love that clarity ! thanks
Yeah? And what would they have done if Dagny said "NO"? Shelve it after putting (probably) hours and hours of work and a sizeable chunk of studio time into it? Pony up a few more million until she finally said "yes"? It must be nice to have that kind of money to burn just from foisting this kind of pap on the public. All the cynical hacks who worked on the Katy Perry song should go get a real job and stop inflicting their uninspiring banality upon the world's ears.
HEY THERE'S A RICK BEATO BLACK SABBATH SOUND AT MY RIGHT! GOTTA GO, SORRY :)
I also hear echoes of “Clearest Blue” by CHVRCHES with these songs.  Thanks, Rick.
They real ripped off people is the young people that actually make a dim talented singer super rich by buying bad songs and then  putting them into their minds and hearts. All this new music sounds all the same: generic, souless, gutless. Its all sugar water, at least to my ears. I can understand this material carrying some people thru their bad days. But...
Wow. Direct ripoff!
Call these MFR's out. It's disgusting. Honestly... Every song sounds the same anyway really... whiney, crying, poppy, auto-tuned, digital, manufactured, obvious, predictable SH1T.  9 writers?!?!?!?! 😅😂😄😁😆😅
One day someone might 'share' the writing credits with an 'original' song only to find the original had infringed copyright on something else.
When I first heard this I was thinking it was a rip off of "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet" by Bachman-Turner Overdrive.
9 people and a Xerox
It's probably just a semi ghost writer type thing.  Dagny's song was probably in a song bank at some company or companies, somewhere and they just chose it.  The actual writer may not even be listed.  Many people just sell their songs outright for cash and don't take any credit.  Then whomever buys it can give "writing" credits to whoever they want.    Personally I don't really care.  People get way to emotional about whatever they think is "real" music.  It's just snobbery.  "Real" music is simply the music they like and anything they don't like, they come up with all kinds of stupid justifications for why they think it's "bad" when really it's just their opinion, and they fail to recognize that.   "it's programed.  It's auto tuned.  They didn't even write it....blah blah blah...".     Anyway, thanks for doing music like this and for being open minded about modern pop in spite of the majority of your fans being closed minded Boomers and Xer's.   As an Xer much of this music isn't my favorite either but there are most certainly hugely talented people behind it.  Great song writers and producers, and as you mentioned the arranging is quite amazing on a lot of modern pop.
It sounds good, but man those dynamics are so worn out. Honestly prefer the original.
You should dress as rick flair! "The stylin', profilin', limousine riding, jet flying, kiss-stealing, wheelin' and dealin' son of a gun." the nature boy.  Seriously though.  thanks rick you rule
More videos like this one, please :)
Rick... I was a transcriptionist for Copyright Infringement Consultants in Nashville for 15 years. This case would be open-and-shut upon the first court hearing. You cheat - You pay! That's how it works. Nice job!
I mean yeah they were probably made to share the writing credit, but they did so and that was the right thing. I am more interested that this Perry song has absolutely zero melody. What the heck is that? I know it's easy to be an old grumpy about pop music, but come on. How can you have (good)  music without melody?
I mean... Is this anything new? Katy Perry had not one but two songs on Teenage Dreams that were a rip off from that Kesha song Tik Tok... The chord progression, vocal arrangement, and the vocal hook were pretty much identical...
I personally don't listen to this kind of garbage. Musically i'am stuck in the 60s & 70s and a little bit of the 80s. The best times of music! Because over a hundred years No one will remember a Dagny or Katy Perry. But everyone will STILL love and cherish The Beatles, The Stones, Pink Floyd etc etc...
More likely - they ripped off Davey, then contacted her/her legal team to agree on a solution.
Have done a "What Makes This Song Great" on the Bangles Eternal  Flame? If not I'd like to  see that.
From a rock guitarists perspective I like both songs but dagnys more
Thank You for sharing your guilty pleasures, without showing guilt! Good music is good music, whatever genre! Unfortunately much of pop lyrics are ...not up to par with the rest of the production. But I don’t think Haydn wrote the music of ”Die Schöpfung” first and threw in some lyrics after just to give us in the choir some words to sing!
Fake Music Fake People Fake News ....
Perry ripped off Bareilles’ “Brave” with her “Roar” song as well
G'day Rick just wanted to say that was a great review of the two songs side by side and POP songs are good. Cheers and best wishes
All this mediocre crap is so generic and formulaic. Great song because the singer uses triplets? Sorry Rick you've lost the plot.
She gave us lyrical master pieces like "i kissed a girl and iikes it" i think she deserves a free hit..
Bubblegum pop is one of my least favorite genres of music.
Is that a sound in Native instruments ?
Katy Perry's song is better. She wins!
rick please please can your share your thoughts on zedd's "Addicted to a memory". I think it is the best song by zedd, maybe one of the best electro song overall
Rick, admitting you like today's pop music is hilarious! Lol. I wouldn't have the guts to say that! You're an example to others to find the point of interest in any music you hear, even if it's not your preference.
Hey I'm am kind of newer to music (playing guitar for a little over 2 years) and I was wondering if it is more frequent to talk about notes in sharps or in flats? Thanks to anyone who can answer my question!
This episode was VERY hard to watch, no more Katy Perry please, it's not because it's pop, it's because she's kitsch, and her voice is absolutely horrendous. She should be tried by a judge for her crimes to music over the years. Her stolen version of the song has zero feeling, and feels like music you'd listen to when buying a printer at Staples, no thanks.
Yeah, I guess I don't really have a problem with this if it's all up front?  Maybe she's a little nervous after that lawsuit with the rapper?  I imagine it's had mostly positive results for Dagny?  Looks like she's doing quite well, on her own.  But, as a nobody, I'd be nothing but happy and excited if a major artist latched onto one of my songs and gave me credit.
Clarity is one of the best songs of the last 10 years? My taste must be horrible.
I had a moment like this too, when I heard 'Manic Monday' by the Bangles, I could have sworn that vocal melody was familiar. Finally I figured out that they must have ripped off Prince's 1999. I related this to my Mom, who told me 'Prince wrote that song too' lol...oh.
I never liked Katy Perry...the only good thing happened to her is Tony Royster Jr.
And who here is actually surprised????
Since discovering Rick while navigating a late night YouTube wormhole I have learned more about music than I ever learned in grade school music class  Thanks Rick!  Oh... And btw... When should we expect the Pneuma review? In my humble opinion that track is something that will be spoken of for years. Oh, and I can thank you for my new found fondness of Tool at age 43!  A bit late to the party I know!  Cheers!
It does sound like The Who. LOL
Both versions are awful.  If Covid has a sound, then it's today's crap music.
That hardpanned version sounds great.
Hey Rick, great breakdown of the songs, but I notice you're back to using real commercial music, and yet you have ads, so...Did you straighten out the whole "educational use" legal thing? You might have announced it, but I confess I haven't seen all of your videos. You're rather prolific.
i hate that kind of song but if i had to choose the Dagny version sound better, she sound more real, Perry sound too artificial!
Every one can be Weird Al, just not too many hit the Comedy or openness to the fact that, “ hey, my rhymes sound close to yours, thanks for the beats! “... My opinion, there are so many rhythms, songs, beats out there that guess what, odds are you’re going to be darn close to someone else, if not right on. Nothing wrong with growing unless you use , Exact lyrics.. In my opinion...  Safe and Peace to All! ✌️ J
The song is garbage. Thanks for the video, Rick.
As far as dance/pop music goes the key is chosen/designed for maximum power over specific frequency responses on big sound systems. I'd assume the tracks sound absolutely huge over a PK sound system.
I was inspired = I decided to use it and change... something. Not much, just something.   I'm often revered as a great keyboard player. Me and my Yamaha Genos can run through each of the key notes from the moonlight sonata with the best of them. Very cinematic when held, add some tim­pani and I have an "original score!"
Im not a huge Katy Perry fan but I always loved that song too. no shame LOL. I really love these videos where you break down these great songs into pieces to understand why we like them so much. thank you!
I'm going to join the disagrees on this one Rick.  The Katy Perry song is a highly produced piece of prop who's singing character just really needs to spend the money they spent on production in front of a therapist.  This is a breakup, can't breakup, have to rebreakup song.  Katy's got a great voice, but she sounds like such a loser in this song.  The Dagny song is much better to listen to.  Maybe not as highly produced, but Dagny KILLS the vocal of a person declaring their love who knows their weakness and it standing up in declaration anyway.  It's triumphant!!  We need more of that these days.
Freddie Mercury threw up.
He's not fanboying. He's preparing to be an expert witness.
Katy Perry sucks. Bottom line.
I hate pop right now because I can't hear peoples unfiltered voices. They have genre for Guitar Pop where you can real musicians, but it is still filled with autotuned voices. It's not like people like Katy Perry needs it either, its a style choice that I just hate.
This is some great investigative journalism, Rick. Thanks for showing us your process of comparison and editorial thoughts.
Only Rick Beato turns a hot dog into a feast.
"Who wrote those two lines" - KATY PERRY. GUARANTEED. Probably the only two so that she ensured a writer's credit.
Yes, I agree is a great song - if you are thirteen
Great Detective work!
Sorry no matter your enthusiasm, you’ll never convince me to like any of Perry’s soulless audio sewage
It sounded cooler when you hard panned each song and played them at the same time. Probably because there was more going on.
Never trust a guy who calls himself Zedd
That's called a "collaboration". hahahahaha
Hey Rick thanks for introducing me to Dagny. She's good!
I copied you like this !
I don’t want to sound all weird or anything, but I love your content Rick. I have wanted to have a studio since I was young. I do have a pretty nice home setup. I don’t do much with it. I go through phases. Your videos inspire me. I’m a few hours away. I’d love to swing by some day. Keep up the great work!
HOuuuuuuarrrrrrrrrfffffffffffff !!!!!! La honte ...  à ce niveau ...
I consider myself to be a musician.  I'm old school and like and play nearly any music but pop. It's predictable and boring.   I'd rather listen to Herman and the Hermits doing Henry the Eighth.   There's a cat that lets me feed and dote on him who returns my speech in the same way I speak. He's much more entertaining. I'll say Hey you, to him. He'll reply What? In the same voice. Much more entertaining.
9 people to write a mediocre song; yet it only took 3 or 4 people to write wonderful Led Zeppelin songs.
This comment is very important :)
Both songs suck ;)
Actually when Katy Perry first became "BIG" I though she was cool. However, a year later and since... when you say that sucking sound in song, I think it all sounds like it's sucking. I had High Hope's for Katy... seemed pure now seems like... selling out suck sound.
Lol it’s like when hollywood comes up with a script so similar to an already existing work and they instead buy it and pretend it’s an adaptation.   But also more pop analysis because I love pop and rock songs.
I like both songs, but I find Dagny's voice more pleasing...
Plot Twist: they are both ripping off Savage Garden’s I want you.😉
Have you done an episode of "What makes this song great" with Clarity?? If not, I'd love to see it! Your breakdown of Into You was amazing, I'd be down for another intense look at Clarity!
Both songs were really...ermmmm...not good.  They're the kind of music that a half-assed AI program could create in less than a second.
Wow this is nuts!  It’s amazing how people get away with this.    You should check out a local NY artist Jon Bellion who created several tracks and albums, some famous ones for artists like Eminem & Rihanna, Jason Derulo, etc...   Jons songs and even his album artwork!!!!  It’s all plagiarized and STOLEN but on their social media page, AJR says they’re “inspired” by Jon Bellions music.  YOU CANT BE INSPIRED WHEN YOU PLAGIARIZE EVERYTHING!   Jon Bellion: HUMAN , -vs- AJR: Netflix Trip  Or...!?   Jon Bellion: All Time Low, -vs- AJR: Burn the House Down !?!??  YOU BE THE JUDGE !!!!!!!
the chord progression sounds a lot like baba o'reilly also. I didn't notice it until you played the Katy Perry version on keyboard. EDIT*** That's so funny I posted my comment before you mentioned the who. lol
If that’s The Who, you can call me Miles Davis...
Rick just created a "mashup" remix
Well , in the immortal words of Vanilla Ice ...Queens version goes ....dum dum dum da da dum dum , ...my version goes ..dum dum dum da da dum dum ..👽😁😎
Looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck.
I will consider performing an armed robbery at my local convenience store & let them know that I was also inspired by the gaming series Grand Theft Auto. I’m sure they will understand. If thats what it takes to get away with crimes & con artistry nowadays.
One of the things that annoys me about pop music is how the production, great as it is (and I agree this song is produced great), is that its the same as every other major pop song. Its way too busy, its the same bass drops and its either compressed to hell or just soaked in reverb. There's no variation from the formula because that's not a risk worth taking when all you want is to chart.
Can we say today's music is *hit?  Hmm...plastic, uninspired, plagiarized...yeah...crap o lah!!
Bottom line : both songs suck big time.
Rick, do a mash-up of the two!  I  believe Katy Perry's song 'Roar' also ran into trouble with the Sara Bareilles' song Brave.
Oh no Rick Katy will take one of your shark dancers as punishment. :]
Rick, Why do you listen to this stuff? Come on man! Life is too short.
I think this can clearly be worked out in an oil wrestling match... 🤼‍♀️
First rule of ripping off a song, rip off one that's decent in the first place lol!
This is basically what a dj does.
Why do you need 9 people to write a simple song?
They added all those folks to share the $$$$$$$$$$$! Or Dagny says, "No Deal!"
Did anyone else love both songs at once?!!
Albert King could kill you with one note, but the one note thing here is killing me.
Hey Rick, a bridgestone tire ad popped up while I was watching this and the background music sounded just like these two tracks. Seriously, no seriously.
Heyy Rick do a song you can get your musical teeth into... I nominate Chaka Khan's "The Melody Still Lingers On"... popping' n slappin' bass with bass synth, in yer face drums, Chaka's incredible vocal lines, the descending chord sequence from heaven and a Moog solo any guitarist would lust after... ??????
Stuff like this is why for me, and this is only one mans opinion, today's pop music is pretty weak. Although if you look back at most pop music, things were somewhat formulaic even in the good old days. Nine "writers" to copy an existing song sounds like graft to me.
I actually thought that both of them at once sounded much more interesting
i love this guy!!!  I can be flat as a tack.... but Rick always gets me inspired about music.......
Only similarity withThe Who, both play black and white keys.
Hello Rick, have you covered Boz Scaggs (lend me a dime) and Pink Floyd (crazy diamond) ? Interesting 😉
Your right, very similar,  both terrible.
Lets face it, that chorus with both songs mixed played on the two different speakers sounds so much better than the Katy Perry song
I can't tell you how much I appreciate you doing videos like these.
If I were to get this Katy Perry tune on iTunes it would be sandwiched between Judas Priest and Krokus. So I must pass.
Clarity is a good song??? Wtf that song blows, it has one of the most annoying choruses ever.
Interesting treatment and enlightening tech work to illustrate your point. Although, all things considered, "inspired" in any usage with regard to either of these tracks is a misnomer and overstatement. Grid, grid, and more grid.
You could make an analysis on Britney Spear's Toxis, which is a very good pop song, although very pop rs
I'll take Ricks word for it when he says this is great... etc etc... I just watch to hear if there are any theory insight from Rick.
They both suck!
Rick - Speaking of "copying", I'd love for you to do a video on Asia's Cutting It Fine versus Simple Minds's Changeling.  The bass-line is nearly identical in certain parts of both songs.  I don't think it's intentional, but it's an odd coincidence.  Changeling was definitely released first.  The full bass-line starts at about 18 seconds into Changeling and the similar bass-line/rhythm guitar parts start at about 1 minute 21 seconds into Cutting It Fine.  Overall, these two songs are completely different.  That's what makes this similarity so interesting.
nine people lol...
Sounds like Billy Joel's career. "That's a cool song....I should write that song"
Katy Perry seems to have a tendency of doing things like that I think it was just last year she lost plagiarism court case the song dark horse was found to have been plagiarized from the song joyful noise, written by a hip hop artist known as Flame
How about a Fiona Apple episode?
Da-da-da-da Da-da-da-da Da--da-da--dada!  At least the songwriters of the Dagny song got credit on the Katy Perry song.
I left when you said "Let me tell you why this song is good to me".
Nine writers? Each gets one ninth of the credits. Seven fake writers sign over their rights to KP and then Dagny is left with 1/9th and KP gets 8/9ths for a song she (almost) stole. Brilliant.
So interesting. You are so broadminded. I listen to those songs and I want to plug my ears. I'd rather listen to my popcorn popper running. Heck I'd rather listen to my blender. The instrument sounds...fake.  Kudos to you RB because you have ears to hear the good.
haha another lana del rey
Oh I know this song.   "Da da da da da da... da da da da da da... da da da da da da"  I want to kill it with fire.
You mentioned a 'one-note' melody...kind of like "Cherry Cola" by Savage Garden.
It sounds similar to “I Like Me Better” by Lauv as well
Doesn’t shock me at all . Katy and her team are in the business of “borrowing “ from true talent. I remember a couple of years ago I was loading the dishwasher while listening to music on YT when to my dismay I heard a familiar melody which was used as the bridge in one of Katy Perry’s songs. Since I am not a fan of hers I couldn’t tell you which song, but the melody was unmistakably “borrowed from Pat Benatar’s “Running with the Shadows of the Night “. Not Cool!
After watching this,  I think the Beach Boys need to get their money back from Chuck Berry. :)
It is good to get into anything well done with equal passion...be it jazz,  rock, r&b, classical...  Too many people look down their noses at any genre they don't consideer "their own". LOL...I just heard the Baba O'Riley piano part and you grabbed on to it..heard a bit of "In Your Eyes" after the "Baba O'Riley" bit,,,.
Katy Perry should have simply asked permission to remake a version of the song it still could have had the same great production and applied skills of Zedd and dreamland KatyPerry's song is better because its build on top of the other song shared credits ? Katy Perry is a multi-millionaire and Dagny Aint got a pot are a window I'm thinking law suit
3:43 To point out the obvious, Dagny and Katy Perry are singing different notes. Dagny is singing the root and Katy Perry is singing the 2nd.
have a listen to Kings Row  Soundtrack Suite by Erich Wolfgang Korngold
They tailored it to sound like typical Katy. Wouldn't want to disappoint her fans with something actually original.
I like your fairness as an educator and musical steward but hard pass on this song for me haha
well she is crap anyway. lol.  Rick Beato is cool from the U.K. and thanks
Sounds like a RIP off to me
This is a Prime explanation of what is Wrong in the music industry (and has been wrong for decades).  REALLY??? 9 Writers and there STILL wasn't an original thought among them???  This is the second video in as many days that I've seen pointing this out, and it spans ALL genres. (just my opinion)... At least they gave Dagny her credit.
T.S. Eliot once stated: Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal.
HaHaHA! Wow luv ya Rick, bloody hell what a carry on... Amazes me the brass neck of some folk. 👍🖖
Do I like these songs... Yes, yes I do!
Rick - check out a band called Poets of the Fall . . . . I seriously cannot understand why these guys are not bigger at this side of the pond. Some of their stuff is unbelievable
I can't get any value out of these songs. They are like movies where you can work the ending out before the opening credits finishes.
@ 6:23 ..."and then you hear that sucking sound". Couldn't agree more 😝
Man, To need almost 10 people to write a song that is inspired (not to say plagiarized) from another Pop song, tells you about the low level of creativity and inspiration of musicians and producers these days...
0:22 my love video :X.
I like bands that  plagiarize with subtlety, like Led Zeppelin.
what about japan music this is a great song to review byoushin wo kamu
Would love to hear a "What makes this song great" for Thank You Scientist.  Literally any song would do :P
Am I the only one that had baba o'riley in the back of my head the entire video?
This reminds me of when my dad would show my friends how cool he was.
That's a ballsy thing to do after the "Dark Horse" debacle.
Machine music with jackhammer vocals. Ugh.
I definitely hear sucking in both songs
Katy Perry is like J Lo, she cannot sing. Christina can sing, Celine can sing, Aretha could sing, Whitney could sing. Hollering somewhat on key is not singing.
Rick Beato, the epitome of "open minded". I respect everything you you do here, but dam I would never purposefully be listening to a radio station that was playing either of those "songs". I hope you take this as the compliment it's intended to be!!!
Who cares?
The problem with the "even" ... "even" lyric was that each of the nine people writing the song, came up with a word, then folded the paper over and then the next person came up with a word and folded the paper over, then the next person ... oh you know how it happened ...
545 Katy Perry fans don't like this.
I can't stand the "chok" clicks in Perry's version. With my OCD, it makes my skin crawl. AGGGGHHH. I that sound and finger snaps. Other than that, it was an okay piece for so many people to make.
Uh oh... We have a Vanilla Ice
9 writers? Bahahaha... LAME AF!!
So if you give the writing credit is is kinda like a cover song or a mashup at that point?
Would love to hear Rick Beato's opinion of Little Big Town's 'Girl Crush' versus Bonnie Tyler's 'It's a Heartache' ...
I love that you love pop music! There's good music in all genres and in all time periods.   What I hate is musical snobs who think their music preference is the best.  Those people need to relax and enjoy all that the world offers.
It certainly sounds like a song that was written by committee.
omG he inserted the Who!!! Rick!!!! LOL. keep'em rolling! and Happy Thanksgiving!
this is why i prefer Perry to GAGA, her production is "FEarce!" lol. Total steel tho!
9 "writers" loool
Is it okay if I dont like this music? I respect the talent and skill of all involved but it doesnt reach me. I turn the dial.
I miss the days of artists writing their own songs and only needing one (1) producer
I feel that youd be pretty good at writing music for other people
Great analysis as usual. Vocals can be so hit or miss but when they make the same repetitive lines that fit the melody but don't mean much I start tuning out too. Lol I've heard rock critics make similar analysis on lead guitar solos and riffs. Does it propel the song in a meaningful way or is it repetition just for fill or its own sake? For example, how many Billy Gibbons harmonic squeals in a row are really needed in La Grange? I guess if you like the song, the answer is "Just enough." Silly tangent....I know
I imagine Perry seeing your video with anger because you trashed her lyrics, which seem to be genuinely her language...
Talking about guilty pleasures I have always liked The Flock Of Seagulls "I Ran." I kind if dislike myself slightly for this.
You're not the only one, Rick. I'm not a Katy Perry fan but this song had me hooked the first time I heard it. Like you said, it's a guilty pleasure!
So you never heard of U2's lyrics  " Every artist is a cannibal, every poet is a thief .." Its normal :)
Wait, Did Rick just pull a what makes this song great on Katy Perry?
Rick: This is a great song. Also Rick: Who wrote these terrible lyrics? LOL
Sorry Rick gotta disagree when you say great songs, souless no fire no grit super quantized noise
The difference is predominantly...
Zed's dead baby, Zed's dead...
Whe will be the time for some King Crimson!?
I like Dagny better
I don't care about lyrics until after I get into the music. I can dig pop music but I simply don't get todays pop music. There is no hook for me, no real good melody and just sounds like blah to me. Add in all those computerized sounds and it loses interest for completely.
Sounds like CHVRCHES to me.
vocals sound like whining more than singing
But Rick, man the female pop artists these days...has there ever been a time when such a wide group of artists sounded so alike?
demoneytize katy perry
Same pluck sound. Would love to hear the analysis but I really hate the stuff. Eewe.
They even copied the vocal layer of the chorus!  0 f*cks given xD
This was super interesting. I love this kind of analysis.
I was born in 1959. All female vocal songs from the last 15 years sound the same to me.
Rock bottom DNCE with Hailey Seinfeld? Also similar
this is why I dont listen and support pop music.😩
its not the same thing bro xD
I had a similar experience as you, just the other way around. listened to Love You Like That a lot last year, and as soon as I heard Katy Perry's "version", I immediately had to make sure Dagny had received writing creds, as it was almost a direct lift. They even have the exact same harmonies in the same spots. I'm really curious about what percentage Dagny and her team received. I hope they got 50%, but knowing the business and how uneven the negotiations often get, I'm guessing they got less than 25% combined.
I think I like both songs hard panned against each other better than either of the songs. Rick, you should release that as a new single then credit TEN writers. ;P
Guity pleasure you say... then make that face and exclaim you LOVE IT!  Own it man!  SOOOO GOOD!
im so disappointed that this dude is so familiar with katy perry songs.
Loved this video Rick. Informative, yes. But most of all it was fun watching you enjoy yourself so much. (And I patted myself on the back for hearing Baba early on.)
"Writing credits" seems to me like a dignified way for the two legal parties to reach an understanding. A bit like Nile Rogers and The Sugar Hill Gang maybe?
They both were inspired by Baba O'Riley by The Who.  Bubble gum versions!
It's also like "savage garden-i want you"
So who did Dagny rip it off?
Nothing about Katy Perry would surprise me.  She has a great deal of talent, but she's such dip wad...  Her early stuff was great, but not so much anymore...
I hate pop music but I like your prespective ...
I would love to hear this guy's opinion on the tracks in Dirt-5
Both Songs suck
Lol, that song is horrible. Still love you though Rick!
LYRICS AND MELODY are the only thing that should be copyright. That IS the song. Riffs and chords no one should own otherwise ppl would be in courts since the 50's. C'Mon ppl
I really have no idea, but couldn't the choice if key (Ab) be more dependent on the register of the singers?
Am I the only one who cannot understand any of the words perry is singing?
hey man. can u make a mix with boat song that sound even better???
new music is just awful. They dont even sing in key, Its horrid
Just listened to them both and I’d say the Dagny one is far, far better
How can you use Spotify, I thought you were a pro:) Fab video man, superb analytical breakdown of the tracks
busted
Sounds like The 1975 to me.
Amazing how many producers it takes to write such generic music.
I heard that it was written by Joe Biden
Your video is so well broken-down, and I love the insights you shared... but I'm a little disappointed that you didn't giove Dagny the love that was deserved. Katy and her team copied a song that was already good, and you spent 12 minutes praising it, and not the original. Don't misunderstand, I like Katy's song, it is super fun. However, this video felt a bit like praising Greta Van Fleet for being such an amazing band with an original sound, or ooing and ahhhing over the creativity of Ice Ice Baby's hook.   The breakdown was well worth it, and I enjoyed every minute. I just wish you gave more attention to the ones who put in the hardest work.
Baba O'Riley, man. Ah, I see you noticed.      9 writers ?  Yes, two to dream up those amazing lyrics  (gasp, chortle!) and 7 to work out all the electronics.  I really think that when you say nice things about this so called "pop" music, you're being politically correct.   Dont do that.  You know they suck ! LOL.
Sa always.. great one! Thanks for sharing!
I'll stick to the many genres of metal... less satanic than most pop music these days. 👍🤣
Pop music is nice, but current pop music all sounds the same vocally. Katy sounds like Dagny sounds like Miley. Vocally the songs are boring. Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, Madonna, Cyndi Lauper were distinct vocally, for me, added more interest to the songs.
I'm glad to see someone not getting sued again for stealing a song again and denying it.  It shows someone has learned a bit since last time.  In terms of the bad lyrics?  Actually that's just what's someone is experiencing personally or else why would you sing it and live with that desire for embarrassment unless you thought you had a chance with so and so?   Great production in the chorus.
Are you sure though🤷‍♂️?
"This isn't Stairway to Heaven."  Really, that's all you need to know about this.
I regret not being able to hear Death’s “Symbolic” that I was enjoying prior to opening this video.
Vapid music by vapid people for Vapid audience. Enjoy.
Bohemian Rhapsody 1 writer 1 producer. Beyonce Run the World (Girls) 6 writers 4 producers. Katy Perry Never Really Over "9" writers 3 producers. I'll just leave this here 😂
They sound good together. 😂
They're both ripping off about 20 chvrches tunes.
wonder how long this will stay up before the lawyers jump in
If you are profiting from another artist's work, giving credit is not enough, you have to share the profits, otherwise you are just a lowlife thief.
Is no one going to mention Sarah Berellis' Brave and Katy Perry's Roar?
Music nowadys pretty much... whenever it's not a declared cover everything else sounds like some other thing from before
so where does that leave 12 bar blues
Dude you should be an expert witness in copyright infringement in music.
Sounds like Pete Townsend needs to be credited on BOTH songs!
I think that much of your appreciation of the track Rick, comes from appreciating the production work and not a primal appreciation of the song (which makes sense). Personally I don't mind things being what they are and bubblegum pop is no exception. That said Katy Perry is a bit crazy toxic for my liking and I really have trouble separating that out when listening to her team's music. I find it much less difficult to appreciate primal talent like Jade Bird "I Get No Joy" (since I just transited from that particular track)...
Genius Rick. You've got an amazing ear.
Wow!  Good work.  Important work.  These things need to be said
I think Katy Perry's version is an improvement.
Nobody in the music industry is even trying anymore it seems.  Nobody is trying to create their own sound and come up with their own ideas. 9 people to write/plagiarize that song?? That's why I'm glad the music "business" is becoming obsolete. Artist should be compensated for creating original music and be 100% in control of it. Dagny deserves all credit even though I doubt she wants it. Katy Perry's song is vomit with perfume and glitter all over it.
Phonies.
Aw man, just overthinking things. Cmon, those two songs are VERY different from each other, they just have more or less the same chords. That's it. Never thought you would overthink like this.
Make Plagiarism Great Again.....
I had to stop watching at 5:19 when Rick started talking about why the Katy Perry track is a great song. Most predictable thing in the world: the first thing Rick said was, "it's really well produced." Not well arranged, mind you. Not even well performed. Well produced means it has a sonic container that is easy to market. Song fail..
9 writer🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I think, declaring a number of people as writers is a way to connect wage-sharings in a relation to a commercial success of a song, wich even will work long term, when after years the song will be remixed, reworked, reused, used in a movie, charting again or whatever...
Rick's new channel "Hard Panned" reveals the matrix we exist in has a one song soundtrack.
Nice one!
The Macarena?
The most shocking part of this video is that it's not about the songs brave and roar.
"It's like the Who."  No, it's nothing like that. Please stop connecting crappy pop with classic tunes. ;)
THIS IS SO STUPID
Take a moment and listen to KP’s “Darkhorse” and then listen to Art of Noise’s “Moments In Love” rip-off city.
Nice work. Please, please, please do the same thing with the riff from "Carry On Wayward Son" that Kansas stole from Journey's "I'm Gonna Leave You." Journey opened for Kansas in 1974. "Look Into the Future" Came out in Jan. 1975. Leftoverture came out in Sept. 1975.
Let’s hope Katy parted with some of her cash for Dagnys hard work!! Great job on the comparisons.  Love the channel. Soon will break 2 mil.
Man. I love how honest you are about music. You can see and feel your passion when you talk, Rick. I enjoy your content!
You should just release that doubled up song as your own version, email Katy and Dagny let them know you were inspired by them lol
When are you going to get out of your comfort zone and review some of BlackPink's work?  Are you too much of a music snob to consider K-Pop?    Sure it is heavily produced, but there is a strong cross-cultural world-wide appeal  to young people that deserves to be investigated....They have three songs on YouTube with over a BILLION views  with more on the way....
9 writers on one song? What, were half of them lawyers??
Personally i think Chino by Kassi Valazza is the best song written in the last decade its not a pop song really but thanks for this video i had never heard of Dagny before
Sounds like an average sounding pop song to my ears... it but 9 people to write it..
!
·'
I get that you feel the need to defend the horrible, simplistic garbage that's been being made by 'producers' (not musicians) for the last twenty years, since your day job is being a 'contemporary. producer. But, as has already been stated over and over in the comments, a turd is still a turd no matter how successfully you polish it. And, as someone who spent many years in big time recording studios in Los Angeles I can guarantee you that most of these producers do not possess the prodigious musical knowledge and skill that you have. and as for the mixing and producing being so great, that's because usually they'll hire a fantastic mixer (Dave Pensado for instance) to give it that shiny audio sheen of perfection.
The production is the thing, because the lyric writing is awful.
Remember when people used to play instruments To make music? No respect deserved.
Shimmy shimmy  coco  pop
This video should be retitled 'What Makes This Song Great'....imo i think it's cliched, boring and the writing is lazy melodically. Its just Wallpaper Pop..
Rick just casually opening cases in a parking lot outside a Starbucks
Can't stand these pop songs and they make you feel melancholy or depressed.
Thats pretty sad that you needed 9 writers to write a stolen song...this is why people hate pop music. It takes too many writers to make a mediocre song
I will never agree with the music industry suing over chord progressions. I get they used the same or “very similar” samples as well, but if that was the case tons of 50s rock n’ roll ballads with the same chord progression played just with an acoustic guitar would also be “complete rip-offs” of each other. The melody in Katy Perry’s song is completely different.
Straight ripoff lol!
I'm sure she's getting some royalty money if all that information on the song is available publicly if not it's literally asking for a lawsuit
I really really like when you tackle a pop song like this. It helps me to listen to them differently.
I have friends that vehemently rip on pop songs, one in particular. He’ll argue until blue in the face that he always, in a condescending voice, hated pop tunes, and rips on the intelligence of the people that like this crap. I’ve got a file in my brain that is solely for pop tunes, that I like. Some are remembrances of a certain time or place or both, the summer of 88, or the specific moment I first time I saw my wife.but the guy in question is simply not having anything to do with pop tunes. I’m  Several years ago the pophater and the pop hater and i were at a mutual friends weddng, we were talking about inspirations of getting where we are today such as CB listing preferences, instruments. What came out of his mouth next, shocked me, “when I herd the name “the bay city rollers”, he said, “that’s when I knew that music’s for me”. I decided not to react, but inside I thought, WHAT! The thing that comes to mind is John Coltran’s soloing over  Favorite Things. He liked the progression, and played it live all the time. To him the song was the perfect vehicle for his soloing Their is a little closet pop lover. in all of us.
9 writers and 0 musicians to make both songs. Click click of a computer mouse on pro tools and pre packaged bubblegum in your ears.
I bought both songs.
DJ RB, mixing the tunes.
Uncle Rick,  There are only a few people who can re-track (haha!) this info down for me. Brian Setzer copied the chord progression and the first twelve notes of the guitar solo from some song to make "Stray Cat Strut". Chord progressions are copied all the time, and that's not even a big deal. But the first part of the guitar solo, too? What was the original song I am referring to. It seems the forum post that had this information "disappeared" or something.  Terry "MadTiger" Miller
Can you please do "Knights of Cydonia" by Muse? I'm taking guitar lessons and my teacher is making me break down the song while learning it and I've found things that I never noticed even after all this years. I dont have the tools or the knowledge to break it down like you can and share it with everyone.
I love your pop song analysis. :) Thanks!
How is this a great song?! 🧐
When the impetus behind making music is purely financial as opposed to the need to create, you're bound to get products that copy each other. It's no different to how one smartphone looks like dozens of others. And of course they need a committee of "writers". That's how they maximise RoI in business.
Checkout how Adele’s song Million Years Ago is a rip off of When I Was Young made famous by Roy Clark- she even copied the subject matter! 🙄 And as if to homage she has the song When I Was Young on the same album 💿
You listening to Katy Perry cracks me up...
9:45 Rick just vibing
I'm surprised how he didn't point out that basically they both just ripped off "Baba O'Riley" by The Who. ;) OOPS - I stand corrected. Commented before 10:37.
They’re both terrible in my opinion or maybe I just find this style annoying. I doubt these artist write their own music other than the lyrics.
This song might be well produced, but it is still awful to listen to. I can enjoy pop, but not this. I agree with others here that the Dagny song is the better one.
Welp, there are only 12 notes in an octave.
Pop music sucks.  There is only "old time".
Love Dagny!!
Talking about Pop Stars, would you feel like commenting on the latest video of Ariana Grande jamming with Thundercat, Domi and JD Beck?
I say we concentrate on RUSH.
Katy Perry should have just "covered" it instead of stealing it with the footnote that she was "inspired" by it.
Talking about a wasteland... Take a look at the comment section 🤣
How about her song “Roar” which rips off the title from Helen Reddy, lyrics from Survivor and sounds identical to “Brave” by Sarah Bareilles? There’s not enough room in the liner notes to include everyone who “helped” her write that song.
Best music production content in the web🙏 Can you make a What make this song great for Zedd - Clarity
I got 2 words.  Rip off
Not surprising.  Katy is really a boring "artist".  You almost can't even call her a real artist.  She's pretty, that's why she exists in music.  She's lifted beats and ideas her whole career.
I’d didn’t have enough reasons to have a dislike for K Perry. Thanks for giving me one more reason to not get excited. (But i is like the tune now that you’ve broken it down. Good Craft. )
Yet the only one in any danger of getting in copyright trouble is you for playing the songs in this video.
superduper comment
I'm sorry, Rick, but both songs...really suck.
Both songs sounds like diarrhoea
its all crap to me
I'd say the Dagny track is way more organic, and she sings better than Katy, who always comes across as a bit shouty and straining. "Never Really Over" is like an American Christmas tree - only the shape of it reveals the presence of an actual tree beneath the ton of decorations. Meanwhile, "Love You Like That" is simpler, cleaner - Scandinavian like IKEA or a crystal clear mountain stream.
Omg!! Great Find Rick lol!
Check out her song roar, it sounds just like Sara barillies brave. Sara who is a real musician calls it a coincidence because they were recording in the same studio but they had the same producers.
Bassically we like your song so much we’re going to rip it off.....nice catch!
loved this.
Urban rap and pop poop doesn't come close to cutting bread like good old 70'-80's  grooves in a give it up gym work out...
I don't really like either song on it's own...but I kinda dig both at the same time
Comparing Katy Perry to The Who is like comparing apples to concrete.
9 writers 🙄
to be replaced by a machine learning algorithm writing from a chilled server rack somewhere in the cloud
When Katy Perry “sings” it always sounds like she’s yelling at me. Very annoying. A lot of modern day pop singers sound like that. I guess I’m just old.
Without knowing the lyrics, I suspect the mind control message is what they wrote.  They just needed a musical vehicle and the Esoteric symbolic visuals.  losers
Didn’t Pete Seeger call Ab “the people’s key”?
Rick talk about Dimash Kudaibergen,and what do you think of his interpretation of the song "SOS". Nice video!
DJ Khaled would simply insert "We The Best Music" .. and added himself as one of the writer.
Zedd is a massive talent, but “Clarity” was written by Matthew Koma (despite the Zedd credit).
9 writers... How many people wrote Bohemian Rhapsody again?
What is the The Wo song at 10:28?
The funniest thing to me is that Rick made a better song than either of those just be hard panning them.
Making videos about pop artists copying other songs is getting as repetitive as those same pop songs’ melodies and beats.
" i guess we are waiting for the big drop " 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Happy Thanksgiving!  I unsubscribe to 15 channels, a place well deserved! ;)
Katie Perry also used Sara Bareilles music "Brave" for her song "Roar"
A standard method of many producers is to load a song into their DAW and then try and copy it in broad strokes but change the details. Sometimes they delete the original track and forget it wasn't them that came up with the idea.
You had to criticize the only lyrics Katy wrote herself.
My mother describes vocals like kate perry as someone yelling for help from the bottom of a well.
"Long Tall Sally" has a one-note "melody" that works, as does "Helter Skelter" (which has two of them)
I appreciate your enthusiasm for current day pop music I really do. But most of it, including these 2 examples (well one really cos they're both the same song) are absolutely dreadful. The song(s) remind me of Truly, Madly, Deeply by Savage Garden which is much more unique and memorable with the triplet style melody going on in the verses.
❗KATY DID NOT COPY THE SONG❗You're always coming for her because of the Witness era. If you go to the credits from Never Really Over you can see that Dagny received credits, moreover, she is one of those who also wrote the lyrics. Stop spreading false info to pull Katy down! Leave Katy alone ❗
Newsflash, Katy Perry was in line behind Rick at Starbucks, and ordered the exact same coffee as Rick.
This is not the only Katy Perry song that has been "inspired" by another song.... Listen to  "Joyful Noise" by Flame and Katy's "Dark Horse"
please bounce out a mix of both songs panned! I wanna hear the whole thing
This is why Katy Perry's career is flopping, she's been a thief and GOD hit her with that karma. If you have to steal other people's music to make your own, then you shouldn't be making music to begin with.
9 writers! Zedd probably did most of the work! 🤣 Great catch on the similarities between the two songs!
Love that investigative work Rick.... keep it coming!! :-)
Meld 'em together, add your name to the list of writers and have your second number one Rick!
Dude pop music is terrible. After listening to Jazz, Rock, Blues how can you go back to such awful sounds. Each to their own I guess....
Sounds like stuff Imogen Heap was doing 10,15 years ago, and she writes and produces all her own stuff. Talk about her sometime Rick!
HAHAHA why am I not surprised, the more fame the less talent.
That I'm drawn to the minutia of dross is curious....that I'm drawn to comment on it is disturbingly perplexing......I'll see myself to the door, shall I?
It's obvious that I'm not the biggest fan of this kind of music, but I'm not hating on those who do either. Whatever makes someone happy is just fine.  I saw couple posts about how a lot of the current pop songs lean heavy on 80's influences , and are usually one or two notes total for the chorus, sometimes the whole song, and for the most part it's pretty accurate.   Another example that has a pretty similar chorus vocally (in my opinion) is "out of the woods" by Taylor Swift. Similar in how everything runs together and there is a melody being played underneath that helps drive it.   Just my .02  Hope you're doing well and have a nice thanksgiving Rick.
Thank you for bringing up the Who, it is totally that in its extrapilation
👍🏻
I guess they can go ahead and rip eachother off. I'm the "boomer" back at the video "Why Boomers hate Pop" (well, at-least for the most part post 80's, that includes Country post-80's). And yes, someone can go on about how many riffs have been ripped-off in Rock vs Blues, I guess it had something that appealed to me (and the power of Guitars and Drums). I loved that point at 4:12 on, I often think about that Rick, and how many of my fave Prog and Metal bands do everything on their own (with or without external Producers).
Love when Rick does the key pun...he really unlocked it... sorry
For some reason the Katy Perry version reminds me of the Savage Garden song, I Want You, also Rick have you ever heard of the band Thank You Scientist, it would be interesting to see your take on some of their music, it is prog-metal with a little Jazz mixed in, it's quirky.
Yibbida yibbida That's all folks.
Well it's my first time watching this man and I'm not expecting much but he turns out to have his knowledge on tempo and chords because usually these sort of rant videos on bigger names only exist to grab viewer attention, not to say this ISN'T one of those videos, because it very well is. This man knows about keys but he has no knowledge on crediting and writing. I can't believe he even made this video after reading loud and clear that Dagny has received writing credits for NRO. Love You Like That by Dagny was a staple sample in the making of Never Really Over, so sunding rather similar does ought to happen. Stupid attention grabbing videos. lol.
easy, they lifted it, weren't creative enough to riff off it...wanted to make money..so decided to just give writing credits to the original instead of covering it so they could make more money...it's disgusting.
There's an inspiration  You are way off .. the only thing that was similar was  my inspiration Homage to 1994 rap
"What makes this song horrible..."?
Check out Welcome to New York by Taylor Swift. Different but many of the same concepts.
Everybody has a pop day
I beat you to "that sounds like Baba O'Reilly" by about 10 seconds :-D
it sounds like a Vanilla Ice moment......... "yo, i got that little kick at the end so it's different yo...."
Wasn't there another song as well that they had copied, but pretended they didn't? I think Rick Beato is way to nice...me...not so much. I cannot understand why they would need to copy someone's  song if they have so many writers? Not to worry....it will never be my problem.
2020 just keeps giving. I could swear I heard Rick say this was a great song.
Did anyone else really enjoy the sound when both songs were playing together?
Dagny track has soooo much more emotion, which is why i love music
One of the best people on YouTube.
I wonder if they compensated Dagny
I love great pop music as well. And I was one of those rockheard and edgy teenagers who used to say "Pop sucks". Well, time has showed me how wrong was I.
Who's Zedd? Zedd's dead, baby...
Can u do a WMTSG of queens of the Stone Age
Nah, it's Baba O'Reilly by The Who
Don't you love how the Perry team included six songwriter credits on the list, so they still keep two thirds of the royalties (6 out of 9). If KP just put her name alone, Dagny & co would have been 3 of the 4 songwriters. Instead they are just 3 of the 9 listed. Or am I just too cynical?
Perry did this to Sara Bareilles (lifted entire sections of Bareilles' "Brave" and turned it into "Roar").  Jeez.
NGL, the mashup is actually kinda a bop lol
Interesting. In here, foreign country far far away from the USA (Thailand, to be exact), artists used to copy popular songs from other countries. The fans get to know much later and become upset (and the song becomes meme much later). The production go so far to put their own name in the credits and not even mention the original artist.  One example comes to mind: X-Japan's Say Anything. I've heard that the label dealt with Sony Music Japan much after the song is release.   One thing I've heard is, at that time the artist does not really work on their own song, they only sing over it. The songs are from the production team. The production team usually use a 'reference' to kick-off the new song, but sometimes the producer or song writers just use the reference as-is, and just write new lyric over it. The artist has no knowledge of the song being a copy from another famous song from oversea.  Right now less and less artists do this as the consumers listen to music from around the world, someone will know immediately if the song is a ripped-off. It still happens sometime though.   Also because of what happens in the past, the consumers are now very keen to catch the ripped-offs. They even label some song as a ripped-off even though the song does not sound anything similar. One example is Jason Mraz's I won't give up.
Great analysis of a pop song’s strengths! Nice to learn the nuances of instrumentation and arrangements. I wouldn’t have realized all these little things playing around in the middle of the song.
or "Why boomers hate pop"  for dummies
Needs an Adam Neely reharmonization... and better lyrics... basically it needs to be a different song.  But the production is top notch.
I would love to see Rick react to the album “Kids See Ghosts” it’s a hip hop album with many rock influences such as a sample from a Kurt Cobain riff
beato! you bastard haha i dont know how you did it but you just made listening to katy perry fun for me love your vids
Just a guess....no actually I'm sure....the 9 writers thing is all about getting a piece of the pie.
Rick you should be a dj I like the remix of both songs together.
I don't know what's more disturbing; the fact that the "inspiration" was so blatant...or the fact that it took so many people to write it.  As a songwriter, particularly one who agonizes over lyrics, it baffles me to find out how many hit songs...that may or may _not_ be melodically, harmonically, or lyrically complex...took _teams_ of writers to create.  With all due respect to the producers that _elevate_ music to its greatest potential, I can't help thinking that better SONGS wouldn't require so much help.  Once upon a time, musicians couldn't rely on post-production wizardry to make their songs interesting.  You know?  That said, from "Never Really Over" back to "I Kissed A Girl" I love how Katy Perry's songs often involve chromatic walk-down harmonies in the chorus, and...speaking of chorus...I love the edge they put on her voice!  P.S. 10:24 - It's "Teenage Wasteland" (The Who) _into_ "In Your Eyes" (Peter Gabriel).  Yes?
I can't even go on the internet.
Too be fair I doubt Katy Perry writes any music
I thought this is a What makes this song POP episode midway 😂
I saw Rick Beato loves Kate Perry written in a love heart that was carved in to a tree. 🎵
The intro chords and picking rhythm in 3AM by Matchbox 20 were totally lifted from the intro of Hole Hearted by Extreme.  They’re basically identical.
Rick - I've always assumed that that is a basement studio? Do you get out into the Sun? Make some stuff outside! ;) Get your Vitamin D, my man. So happy to see you at 2M subscribers!!
Don't cry Don't raise your eye It's only teenage dream The way you turn me on I can't sleep Let's run away And don't ever look back Don't ever look back
Not surprised at all by the virtually exact copy, by Katie, but at least she was smart enough to give proper credit where credit is due, otherwise she would’ve gotten her ass sued by Dagny. I must admit that I really like the Katie Perry version over Dagny.
Drops have quickly become the Lens Flare of music....
This is such an enjoyable commentary by someone who really knows music. Rick really brought up some of the great musical additions to these songs that I hadn't even begun to notice. YouTube has taught me that there are some really unhappy people out there not only to not like this video but to make the decision to mark it "thumbs down". I don't wonder why they do that anymore. I just realize they have something going on that prevents them from enjoying the enjoyable.
Big Pharma...Big Tech...Big Music.  Hide your ideas, do your own production.  Find help to do that if you can bohemes.  And as always well done Rick.
Exactly the same. They both suck...
Rick - the best stuff comes from you and your gang having a ball...How about you guys do a version of a Freebird extended cut, with the singer guy who did the arena tunes? With each guy giving his own take/version at the end?  Ask Gary to come and join + quick interview. Just a thought - Love you guys to the bitter end!
Wow, finally a Rick Beato video I care little to nothing about. The deafening question is, WHO CARES??? This music is so formulaic to begin with it's like arguing that spartan apples are a direct ripoff of red delicious apples. They're all from the same tree, dripping with saccharine and corporate shmooze. I despise this soul-sucking garbage.
90/10 for Dagny.  Maybe 80/20.   Anything else is criminal.
Rick why you sound so biased....!!!!??? this is what I feel when a song like this plays........poop ......uninspired.......poop.....angry and unmotivated...........poop.vomit......
Ok...now my brain hurts.  How often does this situation happen?
Rick bro please listen to Spanish classic rock😫
So right on the marching snare, Rick. It sounds like over-produced vintage marching snare with a power dot head, the ones before high tension lugs. So, it sounds deeper, more guttural than then taps/clicks of more recent marching snare drums.
I can't deny that Katy Perry's song is overall a better auditory experience, and preferring it over Dagny's is certainly a guilty pleasure I share.  Neither song has particularly great lyrics, but Dagny's is far more wholesome, and I'm a really stickler for powerful & wholesome lyrics.
No matter how good the song is and how much you like it...  it's still plagiarism.
Do a k-pop video bet you won’t
Great mix of appreciation for quality pop production, and calling out obvious plagiarism. While both sides of the coin are not always deserving, in this case they both should be shown.
Maybe try this again with just an acoustic guitar and slower tempo. And, btw "production" is given too much credit. Like. Friday the 13th part 6 has great production...
Ok Rick, you really are a pro at this, and your analysis is perfect, but listening to this concoction over and over is making me sick, it's like being a witness for a murder autopsy. Love ya...
That vocal line; the barage of incessant, no breath whiny sing-talking has me on the verge of breaking something. It's so annoying.
I like what you’re trying to comment on, but honestly I think it’s a waste of time. What’s next, a commentary on the qualities of the song Baby Shark?
The ultimate no talent looser
I love breakdowns like this. It's one thing to listen to a song and think "that's catchy". It's another to go beat by beat and figure out why it's catchy.
What makes this song great? Deep purple-Highway star,smoke on the water or child in time
I was about to comment baba o riley strikes again and then u said it... Also dagny's voice is waaaaaay better, at least more my type
Gosh, what are the chances
Today's pop is so lazy. In this one song,  cliches abound,  both musically and lyrically, the majority of the song is ripped off of another pop song,  and it STILL took nine people to write. LAZY.
Thank you, Rick, for being so open minded. There are so many music snobs out there, its refreshing to visit your channel once in a while. Good song is a good song. Recognizing it takes real skill, knowledge, humbleness, and, most importantly, true appreciation of music.
actually sounds pretty good played at the same time .... they should do a colab release :P
I have a “pop tooth” too... guilty as charged!
I really can't tell the difference between those two songs, and both are very annoying.
I have a question. (Off the topic). It's about many current pop singers. In this case Post Malone, are his vocals so electronically altered that his talent or lack of becomes irrelevant. Can he really sing?
Dear Lord, I’d rather go through water torture than listen to that Katy Perry song 3x in a row.
I dream to do what you do.
It's incredible like you mentioned, requiring 9 minds to REWRITE a song... I definitely enjoy this content. Can you make this a constant series? (I.e. mashing up similar tracks and getting into their chord progressions, etc?)
"It's the same 4 chords" Rick Beato.
Same crap two songs. Will you remember the lyrics in 20 years? Can't imagine splitting pennies between 9 song writers through royalties.
Hello Rick, if you don't mind I would like you to give your thought/review of The Night Game. They have amazing songs like Magic Trick, The Outfield. They are amazing overall
So wait, you Even say you only found 2 pop songs that Even sound exactly the same?  HAh ok
as far as I know theres no copywrite on chordchange
Her songs all sound the same to me, machine gun lyrics, she never shuts up, just the build-up to her yelling in the mic. 🙉
I'll admit that I had never heard either song before watching your video, but I still found it interesting. I think I like Dagny's song better than Katy's.
This is more common today more than ever if you do some research. Just goes to show the lack of talent of these new performers. It happens in every genre of music today. Dog eat dog World I guess.
Copy the song then split the cash 9 ways?
Lmao so a big studio conglomerate needs a 2017 3 chord pop song for "inspiration" haha what the fuck. That's weak.
John 3:16 God so loved the world that he gave his only son Jesus that those who believes in him (Jesus’s commands) will not perish but have everlasting life
Whamby would have done it better
Hey Rick, can you talk about the recent Plini/DojaCat thing that happened? It’s also related to Inspiration being almost 1 to 1 borrowed. It would be interesting to know your insight/opinion on that. Good day to you!
One ninth of something is better than 100% of nothing which is what the original artist would have got. One ninth of the writing on a Perry song is big money to any artist plus the original gets pulled up also.
So this is what drove me to BAND MAID! The same old songs redone. Doesn't matter if a Country singer remakes a Zepplin song or Katy Swift Gaga does steals or copies or remakes a song. It's the same trash all over again. They are just out to make money on the unknowing youth who have not heard the original songs.  If you're board - no where else to turn - want some music that is new but still holds to Rick's methods and ideals - BAND MAID is for you!  They have live video's that are clean and crisp and no overdubbing. No J-POP this is J-ROCK - BAND MAID is for real!  If you don't hear it now you will when the COVID is over and they come here again in concert. Then you will know.   Rick are you reading this?
And artists are losing lawsuits over songs that don’t remotely sound similar.
You just blew any chance you had at being with Katy.
My first thought was the same as ZorkWHouse81, they knew that unless they gave credit to those who they stole, I mean borrowed from, there would be lawsuits.   Much easier to share money upfront, and try and nip hard feeling in the bud, with a nice check every once in awhile.  I also have to say, Rick , that you are the one who actually taught me how to really listen to some of the parts that go into a well engineered recording of today.  Like when you discussed the snare drum coming in.  When I playes sax in a rock band, that part  was normally just done with a run down on the tom toms, with little attention paid to what could be done musically to help make it much more dramatic and put more emphasis on the vocals.  And we had very good vocals, with 2 female singers who were good enough to sing anywhere.   So I have to say, you are doing a wonderful service with these youtube videos, where you discus various songs, and techniques.
Rick, there is also a shocking resemblance (or maybe a blatant copy) of Coldplay's "God Put A Smile Upon Your Face" and Baden Powell's "Canto de Ossanha". Have you ever checked that?
10:59 the descending vocal harmony here is one of the best things in the song.
The only surprising thing is that it took nine people to write such a horrible song.
I heard 'The sucking sound' as soon as you hit play. You need more metal in your life.
At first I thought you were going to say how much you disliked this song. In fact, I thought it was the first in a new series, “What makes this song grate”! 😀
Hard pan makes my brain want to fall in half
I'd like to hear that snare through a Leslie speaker.
Possibly a better subject for this video was, "It took two artists and 9 writers to construct a "song" witch contained zero musicianship."
Sure it is well produced ... it is Pop music. They have to put a lot of sugar, fat and other unhealthy stuff for it to be passable
I love quite a bit of pop music, but Katy Perry just sounds like...the radio.
Great analysis by Rick.  Both song are horrid but Rick makes it interesting nonetheless.
Please do a What makes this Song Great with Dogs from Gilmour/PF?.......his lead tone is killer
rick really changed my look on music .... wow
guilty pleasures.....
Sorry but it all sounds like auto-tune techno bullshit to me, but I guess the bubblegum munchers like it.
The cheat song is better? Wha?
I think they both copied each other
I absolutely love the way you analyse pop music. It's so fascinating to me. I hear pop music ten hours a day at work, this Katy Perry song included, and to be honest they all just sort of blend into one another. But in this video you've made me, well not quite like this song but certainly see it in a different light. I'm trying to be less of a music snob and videos like this are definitely helpful in that respect.
I think I can hear  'My Name Is' by Eminem in that one pitch vocal rhythm. Am I mad?
To a geezer like me, it all sounds like Taylor Swift.
You listen to crap music.
Rick. You’re my favorite boomer.
Beato bringing the truth ✌
Smells like a new series: What makes this rip off kind of great?
There was this guy called Chopin. He made ACTUAL music (that lasts forever) using a piano, pen and paper and his brain. He didn't need nine writers and producers to copy something I would pay serious cash NOT to have to listen to! Cheers!
Yooooo I haven't even finished watching but I clicked on the video cause I had the exact same experience.
The fact that this guy has all these anti-pop snobs congregating and circle jerking in the comments of this video alone proves how there is a market for these kind of “experts” on the internet. Yet he still can’t acknowledge the fact that Katy Perry credited Dagny for using her sample. It’s right there in the credits for him to see, yet he ignores it for the sake of attention. How convenient 💀
the majority of the problems I see with most pop music is lyrics. I also dislike the over processed feeling of certain things and some of the weird fake drum sounds that have been popular for a while now.
The band Rixton did the same thing to Rob Thomas's "Lonely No More" with their song "Me And My Broken Heart". Gave him writing credits because they straight up stole his song.
Wow, hahaha
Kerry Livgren wrote nearly the entire Kansas Leftoverture album overnight, all the instrument parts as well....this processed way of recording and writing is just pathetic.
is the backgorund a green screen x
wow, I think Rick took it very easy on Katy and her production team here.  Sure, there are lots of greta Production elements but really this was a terrible example of pop-theft.  Originality trumps production values every time for me.
So this"song" took 6 people, which includes Perry, to write? Wow this is almost as bad " My Life Would Suck Without You" which took three people to write.  Imagine How many people today it would take to write " Let it Be", The Long and Winding Road", "Revolution" or "Imagine", or "Instant Karma"...lol.   Wow music is just so processed it isn't even fun anymore.
I didn’t know you were such a big pop or Katie Perry fan, Rick...
So,  did Katy & company add those credits before or after they got called out for the plagiarism?
Wish we could see your hand for the voicings you're using. You know, for those of us who haven't done the ear training we should yet :)
What keyboard does Rick uses?
This is not surprising as the majority of new music is pre programed garbage, which requires no musical talent, no musicians necessary. The singing requires a little talent, however the majority of woman are quite talented singers, so nothing new. The bottom line is new age music is rubbish. As it targets the young who do not understand music enough to know that they are listening to, and enjoying rubbish. Unfortunately sad but true.
What makes this song great: Nothing.
When this is classed as a “great” modern song, it makes me cry a bit.
Won't Get Fooled Again
Did you see Joe at Starbucks?
I felt a little bit of my soul dying while watching this video.
Both remind me of Chvrches
Reading the comments section like yeah it proves one thing right and that is growing old doesn't mean growing up. I agree on a lot of the best songs are written in 70s or 80s and they are so great but judging anything and unnecessary hatred before you understand it is now more common than before with the internet.  Dagny responded in an interview "I think it's very good of Katy's team that they did it the right way," Dagny tells Newsbeat. "I think it's a really positive thing because I don't think that any songwriter can deny the fact that when you go into sessions you're inspired by different things that you're listening to."  Just gonna remind all the kind souls out there stay safe, take care and be kind to one another.
Sequence farts?
WHO?  What is a DAGNY anyway!?  Let's remember something, Rick:  In contemporary music the listeners don't care who wrote the song or who recorded it first.  All they care about is who recorded it best.  It's all about which version the listeners prefer.
I just wrote a song inspired by the Beatles. Starts off with piano and vocals and ends with rock anthem chant that's "la. la la la-la-la-la....Great Food. Food food food food ah foody foody owow!!" Sounds kinda similar 😀 I think it's a hit.
I’m surprised you didn’t talk about the chorus harmonies! IMO it’s really what lifts it from being a fun pop song to a real ear worm.
Hey, this is not a great song
Well, if analyzing this kind of irrelevant music is Rick’s strategy for attracting new people, and inducing them to really good stuff, why not ? I’m okay with that. But, OMG, what a stink it is! I’m going to put Kind of Blue, right now, and have my brain cleaned.😉
Rick Beato is a studio ninja. 🥷
God awful pop music!
hilariously, I always like this song from Katy Perry and thought to myself, "self, this is way better than what I typically hear from katy" ... now I get it.
Is anyone shocked by this?  I've never really been of the mindset that Katy Perry is a great song writer, so her ripping someone off doesn't really shock me.
Well, if analyzing this kind of irrelevant music is Rick’s strategy for attracting new people, and inducing them to really good stuff, why not? I’m okay
Both songs blow!
I like the Dagny version better.....
Regardless of the good voices, I find that music to be insufferable and vacuous.
Whether it’s copied or not, has 9 writers or not, same key or not, is good or not is almost irrelevant it simply illustrates that a circle of friends within the pop and dance scene keep the money and success rolling within a small network.... great if you are one of them hey? 😆
Only eight writers. Zedd's dead baby.
Hey Rick how about doing a segment on " the greatest double albums of all time?"
9 people.... Shows how Katy is a non talented person 🤷‍♂️
awesome breakdown on this Rick. love it!
Slade - Run run away
Catchy and forgettable like thousands of pop songs. I highly doubt anyone will be humming this tune six months from now. A sad truth for this music generation.
Well, this just serves to reinforce my disdain this sort of incredibly boring, sales-driven music. Pathetic.
Maroon 5 did the same thing with "What Lovers Do".  From Wikipedia: What Lovers Do is a song by the American band Maroon 5 featuring the American R&B singer SZA. It was released on August 30, 2017, as the third single from the band's sixth studio album  (2017). The song contains an interpolation of the 2016 song "Sexual" by Neiked featuring Dyo, therefore Victor Rådström, Dyo and Elina Stridh are credited as songwriters.
Wow
Elvis used have rights for song signed over to him or he took a large percentage, to have him record it. Alot of songwriters just got paid large sum and he, well the colonel mostly, took the songs and royalties.
If I never hear it again it would be too soon.
Is it ripped off when the original writer is listed with credit. This falls into the catagory of paid off.
It seems like so many Christian contemporary songs are in Ab major that I consistently have to tune my guitar down a half step when I play in church. Is it easier for the female alto voice to sing in that key?
Man, your content is so good. You need to do something about Nick Drake! A what makes this song great about he, it would be amazing. I'm Brazilian so I hope you understand my bad inglish
"love you like that is not a bad song"....i beg to differ
I can understand why from a production standpoint you prefer Perry's version. But as a listener, I prefer Dagny's more straightforward track. It feels less busy to me.
Chain gang of 1979 sleepwalking and m83 midnight city are like this.
Music today is not good at all.
"Can you actually have a melody that's a one note melody?" Yes. One Note Samba - Antônio Carlos Jobim
Rick has actually helped me learn to enjoy pop music. Seeing him getting giddy picking songs apart in a really constructive manner is infectious and has really influenced me in a good way.
Hey Rick,  do you still produce records ?
This is a very smart way to make a "What Makes This Song Great" video about a song that the snobby youtube comments would normally bury and ignore, but the intro sells it so well. And then it's obvious how much you actually do like the song.
Katy Perry along with others is the living embodiment of everything that's bad about the music industry today.
I really like the videos. Can you maybe tell me a good, new,, or like new, bass guitar and amp. to get back into playing bass? I haven't played since the mid 70"s, I have 6 string regular guitars but really I havent played in years. Thanks.N i subscribe.
My ears are bleeding
4:03 love you like that Rick
both the songs really suck.  the melody is nothing to write home about.
Pop music is purpose built. It is designed and built to be consumed by the masses. Lyrically speaking, it can't be poetic, or complex. the audience that this is geared to wouldn't be able to comprehend it. That's why the lyrics are generally so poorly written.
Hi there Rick ?- Does this mean the milenium popsters are running out of material - And are having to get " Inspired" - and are rerecording? Other peoples tunes Haha ?  What a world ?
Dude, you absolutely don't diserve this toxic community. I love how much you're open minded, but for every pop song you talk about, everybody is like " WI NAW THAT EVERI POP MUSIK SUCC ". I'm actually note a big fan of pop music, but I hate when people are snobbering a genre, whatever genre it is, even when it's about a genre that I don't like.  Just come on dudes ! Take exemple from Rick to be more open minded !
Picturing Rick at Starbucks jamming this!
Geeze Rick, I right away thought Baba O'reilly on those progressions.... ??  This pop I can imagine hearing on vacation in Aruba or Cancun at the pool.....
I’m sure it’s credited as an interpolation . Nothing special about this.
the overproduction, lack of any integrity in modern pop is simply soul-crushing robotic crapola - Queen on ASAP to save me
OMG a pop artist didn't write their own material.... they never do
I can feel ya, Rick. In the 80s, I always got crap from my musician friends because I thought Madonna was absolutely amazing. The production, the drums, the amazing arrangements... I loved her and her music to pieces!
Aaaaaaactually this is The Who Baba O'Riley
I love the mental image of Rick music sleuthing in a starbucks parking lot lol you're awesome man
Paul Mccartney has been writing alone hit after hit for 50 years and these artists today need 9 people to write this crap. Gosh ...
Beato... Jebuz... How can you not have recognized the fact that all the "music" product puked out for years now are just a constant churn of the same 12 "songs"? ProducerSLASHwriters (and, assisted by studio-bots like that guy you had on pretty recently) are absolutely, fully ubiquitous now. Wretched. Wretched, is long since here. How can you not have recognized this? It is so sickeningly obvious.
Wow....a Starbucks parking lot moment!  Well done Rick, I would have never listened to either one of these songs! LOL!  I learn something new everyday, and some of that daily knowledge comes from subscribing to your channel.  Keep up the great work, and Happy Thanksgiving! - RT
8:14 Who wrote those 2 lines?  I can't EVEN! :)
To my ear, this current crop of female singers ALL SOUND THE SAME!
Realised that the key and chord progression is very similar to Macklemore's Downtown. It's also in A flat.
Katy must have went to the Noel Gallagher songwriting school where you use inspiration (copy) from other artists songs.
Out of the Woods by Taylor Swift
Watching Rick listen to this and see the sheer enjoyment on his face from "his guilty pleasure" - Priceless!  And much like others have commented - at a certain point in the vid I'm like - "That's the Who" - then Rick follows with- "Like the Who" - Another priceless moment!
Bass dropout cant be heard on yutube (on headphones)
Funny you bring up the Who, cause this one-note-melody vocals reminded me of the arpeggio synth in that same song.
Greta Van Fleet
That’s ‘Pop’ music... rinse and repeat, over and over again.
Nothing in this song moves my soul. It does move my hands to cover my ears.     And nausea. . there's also that
These past few years have made me really hate finger snaps.
Rick, if this was your "original' song would you be pleased with KP and not go to court?
I dropped a Katy Perry song off at the pool this morning.
"cliched but really works" is the best description of Zedd. He knows how to mix the cliches in the right order.
1) Why have I never heard of Dagny? She seems to sing as well as KP... 2) Is the 'producer as co-songwriter' thing a money grab or do the artists not really have a song ready to go, so they (producers) are tasked with making it so?
So much of this goes on in pop music. I am not a pro music person by any stretch of the imagination, but I can hear it in many songs (Shawn Mendes - In My Blood- for example, direct copy of riff from a Glen Hansard song - Falling Slowly)
I know nothing about music, but I don't understand how any of these kinds of songs are actually considered music. I understand they have good voices and the songs probably rhyme, but I don't understand the music part. Maybe someday musical tastes will change again to something I can appreciate. I think music changes every 40 years or so, but I am not sure. I think it should change soon.
“Good composers borrow, Great composers steal!” - Igor Stravinsky
Rick I get you like the production but this music still, yes even with the production, isn’t good. How the hell.....can 9 people be involved in writing one effing song? I mean what are they all doing? It’s this myopic fascination with production that we gotta stop. Yes we have amazing technology and a lot of average folks can do amazing things now. I don’t know if it will be our grandkids or how long but someone is going to rebel against this someday and start writing amazing music again. I mean how many years have we been saying “Yeah...BUT the production...”? It’s just gotta stop. At this point i will take a mono recording with one mic on to tape songs that have longer phrases, with good chord progressions, striking melodies and good lyrics over the absolutely BEST produced by Zing or Zedd or who ever the hell is the cats pajamas right now. Stop TALKING about production!!
As much as I appreciate great pop songs and great production (though I think production is nowadays too overvalued compared to songwriting skills) it just looks ridiculous to have more than 2 or 3 persons credited as songwriters, especially in the case of an extremely simple song. If you can't write a full song yourself, are you really a songwriter?   There are so many great sonwriters that are really good in all the areas of finishing a song. They compose the music, write the lyrics, even play most of the instruments themselves and on top of that are good singers too + may record and produce the song themselves.   Why should I value an artist that knows how to do only one of these things well over some other artist that is really good in all of those areas and has much wider sets of talent and more vision what comes to the whole process of making a song? I also think that the one coming up with the original core idea and structure of a song is the main songwriter, others are just mainly helping with the arrangment.
Pop Forensics with Rick Beato  Absolutely love it!
Great video, thanks Rick.
Not only that, Dagny probably let it slide because she had already earned money off of her song for 3 years and knew she could make more money by allowing Katy to basically remix it and use her (Katy's) name and fanbase. Going forward, if she struck a good deal, Dagny will probably profit more from her work through Katy's remix. Curious, what would you guys do?
Just combine both songs in Protools like you did, give everyone credit and state “you were inspired by everyone”, and you’ve got yourself a Eurovision 2021 winner, Rick!  😉.    I need some water on the brain after this...
Just combine both songs in Protools like you did, give everyone credit and state “you were inspired by everyone”, and you’ve got yourself a Eurovision 2021 winner, Rick!  😉.    I need some water on the brain after this...
Great mash up
Good. Now can you please tell me who Matchbox 20 stole "she's so mean" from, because when I first heard that riff, I KNOW I'VE heard it before!
Isn't it technically a derivative?
May i request the STYX, hopefully the mr. Roboto, greetings here from the Philippines
I was going to comment that it makes me want to scream something about a teenage wasteland... then you pointed it out. Niiiiiiiiiiiice.
It's like The Who. That made me chuckle.
Music Business - so strange!
Interesting that Doritros all start the same then get different dustings. Guilty pleasure, I will take down a bag every now and then!
Amateurs borrow ,professionals steal.
There's this thing called "sampling". You should know better.
Interesting you mentioned "...like the who'.  I hear a lot of similarity to Pete Townsend's pop version of "Let My Love Open the Door" specifically off the Grosse Pointe Blank movie soundtrack he did.  Good stuff Rick, always enjoy it!
This is flagrant plagiarism just like Doja Cat's MD ripping off Plini the other week. It seems that labels have agreed that if $profit > $cost of litigation then fair game. It's difficult to imagine this isn't discouraging for independent artists.
I don’t see how anyone can listen to this crap.  So overproduced.  So electronic.  Just awful.
To be honest this just makes me want to go and listen to the new Haim record.
Harry styles new song ;  two chords all way through
I've been singing and playing guitar for a year now. So, i am a beginner at this stuff. I am not skilled enough to play those blues and jazz stuff. All i do is just play 4-5 chords and sing along with and all of them are pop songs but recently i realized that it is not that hard of a genre and these big artist are copying from others. I mean how did they achieve so much fame when they do is this beginner genre of music and why are people who plays the hardest riffs and licks get overshadowed by these celebrities???  Its not fair to be completely honest
A little dissapointing to hear that you prefer a glossy rip off over the punchy original.
I don't get it !!!! Katy's guys literally stolen this song !!! That's theft !! And now you sit and admire it ?? Are you serious ???
👌 KP so basic... I really liked Clarity and I knew KP wanted to own that song in every respect so here is here snatch attempt.
Unofficial title: My love letter to Katy perry.
Hasn’t Katy Perry done this many times before?  Didn’t she get sued for the stealing a song from a Christian artist?  This is common in pop music since Coldplay started re-writing other people’s good ideas. Just shows how interchangeable and disposable digital age music seems to be.  I say seems to be, worth and value are different things.
What is that synth sound?
Rick, neither song is worth a listen. But that is okay, your videos are always interesting.
Dude Katy and all her ilk can't write to save their lives, they can't, they rip people off
9 people to write this shite and 1 Freddy Mercury to write Bohemian Rhapsody? Hmmm!
PERSONALLY ... "I"-Thought-There-Was [R]-Bit-of 'Cherry'-COKE In-There ... But-Perhaps-THARt's-'Just'-Me!!!??? >(*U^)< (Joke)
Not that I think it's  brilliant but soooo many songs sound the same. I laugh when a verbal phrase becomes popular and you hear a barrage of songs with the same words scattered around. I can't say I love pop music. I will say I love some pop music.I will not reject a song for any reason as ling as I like it. Sounds weird but what I mean is if it's a rip off of another song, it's not cool for financial reasons but if it sounds good, it sounds good. I find it funny that people reject songs when they find out that pitch correction was used. How ridiculous is that? Oh, it sounds great, but wait a second, did you say that it was pitch corrected? Forget it. It's terrible.
The voice harmonization is just amazing!👍🏻...Amazing production.
Dagny is credited on the song as it's clearly too similar to be a coincidence. Otherwise Katy Perry would have been sued I hope.
Rick you should checkout some indie or alternative songs like Youngthegiants or Fosterthepeople they’re amazing in my opinion but it’d be awesome to know how you feel about them
I really appreciate (and enjoy) the depth of these videos. Always go way beyond the bait in the video’s title.
Never heard either song... What does that say about me...? But they never heard any of my music either...
This clickbait is cancerous lol. Rick it's not 2016 anymore.
You can do something similar with Perry's "Roar" and (another fantastic vocalist) Sara Bareilles' "Brave".  Sad.  But then so much pop sounds the same it is inevitably going to overlap.
I'm not sure what shocks me more: that it took 9 writers to write that crap or that anyone would have bothered to copy it..
I doubt Katy Perry has much to do with any of her ‘songs ‘
9:44 someone make a gif lol
Don't believe everything you read on Wikipedia.
Absolutely shocking!  Who in this day and age drinks that bitter swill.  Starbucks is overpriced and burnt and bitter.  Looks like the mass hypnosis got Rick too..
to be fair. they're both using super generic pop formulars
I wrote a bunch of songs in the 70's and over the years discovered where I had ripped them off from.   For example, a radio station played Sweet Talking Woman by ELO and I thought it was the song I worte and Lizzo had ripped off
dagny's song has so much more feel
Damn Rick, how you could call THIS a rip and still defend that Ed Sheeran song is beyond me
Rick Beato you can be Dagny's Legal Team, and you already have the Evidence to Prove Katy is Guilty!
Dagny had a big radio hit with this song here in Norway way before Katy Perrys version. Quite obvious a direct rip off situation. The vocal build up in the chorus is whats really lifting this tune i think. Dagny has even more good pop stuff as well! :-)
LOL...
You should check out Maggie's Song on the new Chris Stapleton album, and compare it to The Weight, by The Band. Starting with the guitar intro, it is basically a complete rip off of the verse melody of The Weight.
Rick Really Loves Pop behind the Scenes! L.o.l. His head was Bopping! Come on Rick write us a Pop Song! You know some Good Chords!
Geeez the beginning reminds me of BABA O'Reilly
What a shitty song
Katy Perry: “And I would have gotten away with it too, if not for that pesky audiophile!”
on the topic of one note melodies, David Bennet has a whole video on them, but ill use Mr Brightside as an example, and if you havent watched the version with Johnny Marr from Glastonbury go check it out, i love that Mr Brightside performance because the crowd is so damn good, plus you get Johnny Fuckin Marr playing on the song. but whats crazy is the melody doesnt feel bland at all even if its mostly one note and i think a lot of what makes that work is that god like guitar line underneath it that gives you so much tonal movement.
9 "writers" to copy someone else's song.  2 writers to compose 90% of the Beatles catalog.  What has happened to the world?
Hahahah... Rick bobbin his head to the beat?... Awesome! ; p
A Complete Rip Off! Smart Detective Work Rick! By the way what Soft Ware are you using for the Matchup on your P.C.?
Sponsored by Starbucks!
*In the writing meeting* How many times can we rhyme, “over,” with, “over”?
You'd never catch me listening to a station that would play this type of song, Add if I stumble on it, I couldn't turn it off fast enough
Love Rick’s scholarly approach, yet this video feels like watching a professor of architecture expounding on the craftsmanship of an Appalachian outhouse stolen by a bunch of college boys.
Reinforced why I don’t like pop music
Another great video Rick
I agree to what you said about liking pop Rick. I hate when people try to tell me what to like! Just because it doesn't fit their idea of what is good doesn't mean it isn't good! I tell people that if you limit yourself to one genre of music you are missing out bigtime! Music should move you in different ways and I love most styles of music from classical upwards.
I like the marching snare and the triplets.
Great stuff Rick, reminds me of two songs I've been talking about for about 40 years : Boston - "More than a feeling". & Australia's own Hunters & Collectors - "Holy Grail", The starts of both songs & the chord progressions are very very much alike. Also, I read  that when The Rolling Stones recorded "Has Any Body Seen My Baby" someone said parts of it sound like K.D.Lang's "Constant Craving", so the story goes that The Stones contacted her to explain why she will be credited as being a co-writer & therefore receive royalties simply because they wrote something that sounds like something she wrote. Of course there is the sad story about "Men At Work" drummer who took his own life because of the crap he didn't have to take on board mentally but did over the song "A Land Downunder" being compared to an old Aussie bush song "Kookaburra sits in the old gum tree" , yeah, there's a similarity, 9 bloody notes ! And... Did The Stones kill The Verve regarding "Bitter Sweet Symphony" ?
I completely agree with you about this. Yes they really just remade the song but, made it better. And though I do not follow pop music, sometimes you just can not deny a well produced, catchy dance song. Hey I love pizza but, I do not want it for every meal kind of thing.
how do you separate the tracks for the videos?
Am I wrong because I think of the biggest problem in the music industry. Is the fact that there are lots of mixers who are masquerading as producers. And they are getting away with it because the record label want the Britney Spears formula.
Me and Rick must have very different taste in music. Because i have heard lots of songs that sound like this computerised Katy perry song. May even have thousands that sound the same.
Rick, you made a fascinating video about a throw away pop song. Thanks taking the time to create and share.
Honestly, I don't care much at all. Don't like either one of these songs 😅
Props for not bashing the writers. Want 2 yrs of pop hits? Listen to African dance for a few days.
Um everyone knew that the song was sampled! It's been out for a year sir! We don't tolerate Katy slander here yikes!
"Pop Will Eat Itself" was quite prescient.
Inspired by, ripped off, used as a starting point? Simplicity aside, this kind of thing used to just be what composers did and it was fine. Yeah, calling them composers is a stretch, and it's a too close yes, but there are only so many ideas in music these days. If things are similar, why not? How can we escape what we hear and either forgot it all or remember it all so we don't write the same song as someone else. If I consciously try to write something that's really different it can sound contrived, vs just writing and letting it flow. Ymmv.
Mr. Beato...is music doomed?...I find myself NOT being able to turn the "radio" on anymore and only listening to my iPod...YES iPod (its a digital jukebox, black, square, holds thousands of your favorite songs)   👴 🏫
I find the singing on the Katy Perry song intolerable. There is a nagging, grating, annoying quality about it. It wants me to care so hard, it's almost the sonic version of clickbait. That kind of style has become very frequent in pop music, probably one of the reasons I don't listen to the radio anymore. That, and autotune, and the artificial feeling of it all. My refuge is increasingly classical music. At least that's still people playing an instrument and unlikely to change anytime soon.   If I want honest music, it's either Beethoven or something like Pearl Jam. In fact I'll load up "Vitality" right now to get that schmaltzy pop crap out of my ears.
Hey, another re-dominant melody (not -dominant, but... -prevalent).
The sheer joy on your face while listening to this track. Awesome!
How much does this say about how Pop music in general is unwilling to progress?
Dear Mr. Beato,  I'm using a tablet this moment, so I can't link as good as on desktop: but please check out: Maidi Roth - Aprés toi and compare with Mike Doughty - I Hear the Bells. You'll find both on YouTube. Same thing, two musicians and a somewhat identical result. Take an ear!
I actually like the sound of them playing at the same time versus either one by itself.
Zedd helped produce a ton of it. Who's to say it wasn't him who copied? Also just because there's a lot of producers on a song doesn't make it have less skill involved or whatever. You could say that bts isn't all that great since they have like 10 members compared to ariana. Just saying. Correct me if I'm wrong plz
I don't disagree with you much Rick but I do this time. I think dagny's version of the song is better, it's simpler, it's understated . less is more
Rick is secretly a teenage girl.
What is really strange about the whole thing is that I really liked both songs playing at the same time.
😴😴😴😴 🤡😴😴👎👎👎
That is crazy.  SMH
They do this all the time.  There's only like 20 songs, all recycling on the radio these days.
Hi Rick, I get the feeling you're trying to convince yourself/us that "Really Over" is a good pop song. Not even close. Listen to "12:30" by The Mamas & Papas, "time in a Bottle" by Jim Croce, just about any Beatle song, blah blah blah, those are real good pop songs.
I could listen to Rick talk about music for eternity.
It's always funny to see people take the time and effort to bag on songs because they don't conform to some pre-conceived, widely-accepted standard of artistic merit.  A song like this - well-constructed, melodically pleasing, impeccably produced, technologically interesting and downright fun - is good on its OWN merit (Well - Dagny's merit tbh.)  Is it derivative and obvious and vapid and creatively shallow and all that other stuff?  Sure it is!  Who cares?  Lighten up, nerds.  Spiteful hivemind judgement just wastes energy and time.  BTW - metal and prog fan who appreciates good pop here.  Oh, and they obviously cut Dagny in after the fact to get ahead of the lawsuits which would cost more in settlement money and injury to KP's brand than the writing credit...  Daylight theft.
“Katy Perry stole this song! Here’s what makes this song great!” 😂
I want to personally thank you for saying you like pop music 🙏 (admittedly yea, plenty of crap lyrics in the mix lol)
Love the way you analyse musicaly and was glad when you mentioned the Who, the chord progression was there in my mind. Wonderfull job on all your videos.
It's Joe Satriani and Coldplay all over again.
To me, that's a cover version of the original, with taking some liberties. So the majority of the credits should go to the orginal writers, and the other "contributors" in KPs camp can share between them the remaining 10-20%. At least they were fair enough to say they are "inspired" by the track. A court would say "You've redone a song not written by you". BTW, I like KP, at least her debut album. Did you know there was a killer rock version (with hard rock guitars played by Max Martin) from I Kissed A Girl? Just saying.
Ah! that’s great!! Particularly great that you expose this. For someone like me who writes, records, and performs original music, which I’ve done for many years, it is infuriating how the music industry functions. It rewards laziness, egomania, and worse.
KT playing Beti(betting)
Did Katy Perry steal her forehead from Herman Munster?
So when are you going to court as a special secret last minute jury swaying expert???!!!
Its a cool song(s). Not really my taste but the hook always can get ya!  As usual youre shedding a little knowledge in the quagmire.
Let's all chip in and buy Katy a guitar?
Don't go down this rabbit hole Sir.. So many many many stuff like these now it will drive you mad 😂 stuff = songs "inspired" by others
you have no right to comment on Katy Perry until you achieve everything she has done 😘
The part at 10:11 to 10:15 completely reminded me of The Who - Baba O'riley. Edit: and you mentioned the song less than two minutes later, how about that.
One and only one reason for the tortured ly written credits.  Litigation avoidance.
Rick, your reaction when you synchronised the songs is priceless
I personally like your "what makes this song great" videos more than this type of garbage...but still a huge fan brotha
The two songs together sounded awesome
Dude, your outro theme is absolutely killer! And this was an outstanding and eye (ear) opening video. Love your work, man. All of it.
This reminds of "Lieder" by "Adel Tawil", a popular german pop song from a few years back:  Literally the entire lyrics consist of quoted lines from the most iconic pop/rock songs of the 70's, 80's and 90's, translated to german. There's not one original line in those lyrics, yet somehow it apparently took 6 - 8 people to write them... 😳 🤣  Fun Fact: not even the song's title is original: "Lieder" literally means songs.
This does reinforce that possibility of every song being written. But some of us do work to come up with our melodies inspired from life itself.
Sorry, Rick, but I couldn't hear the "sucking sound" over the giant sucking sound that is the entire song.
I think Perry sucks (as well as many pop singers these days) & it's evident by how many folks are needed to construct a song, but I know I love pop music because of the production & layering.
I think I prefer the Dagny song by a small margin. Not as overproduced.
My dear, dear Rick may I humbly suggest that the triplet vocal figure is an influence from rap where it is used because rap writers never bother with getting the lyrics to scan, hence also the most simplistic rhythm tracks in rap (beats). Second note of the Dagny vocal is straight from Snowpatrol. Whoosh - backward cymbal perhaps? Both songs are expensively produced garbage. How mamy cliches can you pack into one song? So if I copied this tune and had a hit would I be sued twice?
Savage Garden : the song 'I want you'. The chorus of both 'never really over' and 'love you like that' use the exact same melody 2x BARS of the I want you verse. Savage Garden got ripped off!
Sorry. This is boring, and not the reason I usually enjoy this channel. It's not a great song.
All the great producers/writers have come and gone. All that is left are hybrids of those songs!
I guess, after she lost a lawsuit to a rapper (a rapper, who uses sampled beats, claiming a copyright? GMAFB!), she decided to play it safe and credit the potential claimants, rather than chance it.
The most disturbing thing is you recognized the song in the first place.
Thanks Rick, I don't know why people don't like this song, it's brilliant and wonderful, keep up the great work Rick. Respect and stay healthy all. 😘
Rick is like: 'this is a total RIP-off', then 'but it's a really great song!' 😁 like who cares where or how it came to be??? I love it!
This guy looks like someone but I can't figure out who. It's on the tip of my tongue
You're absolutely right, Rick.This song really caught me the first time I heard it, the KP one. I'm going to call it: KP's 'version' of Dagny's song. I didn't realize that there was a similar, very similar as you point out, Dagny song. I learned something there. I agree that the KP version is better by far. But I am convinced that they needed the Dagny one first to come up with the KP version afterwards. I hope Dagny got a big slice of the royalty. You did an amazing job pointing out the complexity in the production. I appreciated your confession about liking pop music! It's important to stay current and be aware of what is being written today. When you break down that KP version of Dagny's song, as you did so well, you see that there is a lot of artistry in all the sounds coming at you. A great episode. Too bad about the commercials that obnoxiously barge into your show like that... GD
The reason you have "nine writers" on songs these days as opposed to back "in the day" is because back then, you brought in a session muso (or five) and they added a "touch" to the song but were never called a writer (and got no credit or money). Also, the producer(s) used to "fix" and shape what were often unfinished or raw songs, again without receiving a writer credit.  So, in a way, the fact that these "writers" are getting credit (and one would assume royalties) for what used to be uncredited royalty free work is a good thing.
I love listening to any songs with this guy- I hear all that detail, but he makes me understand what I hear and why it’s there, how it affects the flow, rhythm, feel, the flow and coherence of the whole thing... and I just like to listen to music, and I’m not a pro or instrument player. I guess I enjoy watching professionals at what they do, and can appreciate skill...
I love pop music too. Shoot me! People hate it cause they can't understand the complexities that aren't apparent off the bat. But there is definetly good and bad pop. I hated Blues....haha! Love it now! If you shut yourself off from a style of music, your just letting us real musicians get ahead and we thank you!! Cheers Rick!
Such wonderful comments by all of Rick's followers...  I'm inspired to steal (I mean copy) them and take credit for their brilliance.  I still don't understand how the music industry allows such thievery, and I trust that Rick is not in on the joke by suggesting the Perry song is so well done; really Rick?
Rick enjoying pop music is my favorite Rick. Both are really good songs love them.
Imagine Keith moon playing on this track😂😂
Let be honest here, Katy Perry is not an artist that composes original music. Shes a paid performer, a corporate tool who does what's shes told to sell crap to idiots.
All the commenters before me have already said all of the mean things I was going to say, so now my bad move is to say nothing. Well played, commenters!👍
I wouldn't really know either song. Most pop music is generic crap.
I find it funny that this turned into a "What makes this song great" half way through even though the video is about a copied song :))
8:03 I had the same exact thought when I heard it for the first time. A remarkable flaw on an otherwise flawless pop song.
Maybe, the new generation of pop music hasn't gotten its training wheels off yet?
Bit like Chvrches too
You are  genius man.  Your knowledge of music is so vast.  And you know what?  I like pop music too.  I grew up in a circle of friends to whom I would never admit that.  Keep  teaching us.
I understand how a producer can enjoy listening to stuff like this, and this is not a judgement on anyone who does enjoy this type of thing, but for me, sorry to say, I absolutely HATE this song.
I like the merged version best. Could you please publish that and just tell you were inspired by both.
Thanks for all the awesome posts!!!  There is a great story i heard Prince tell on tv about writing Purple Rain and right away he thought, "i have to get this ok'd with Journey it sounds too much like Faithfully" and he did that, he got an appointment with a few members of the band and played Purple Rain for them before it was released and they were blown away!  For several years now i have been telling a story about how i feel my song Bill was ripped off by Kid Rock on Born Free.. I had picked up the term "born free" from the local Buddhist  head monk of the monastery here in Hamtramck (Detroit), he always preaches that we are all born free.  Also I used born free 1974 often on my myspace and that was put on Kid Rock's t-shirt line.. much more i can say.. I was driver for rock photographer and friend "uncle" of Kid Rock, Larry Garcia for several months of abuse.. long story but at one point i made the mistake of giving Larry my album and there were some other routes as well.. At one point he said he was helping another well known local artist on her album and said he was crafting it after a Linda Ronstadt album.. He did try to hook me up with her and others but he was making 5000.oo a night and i was barely making 50.oo and driving my vehicle.. I finally quit after i asked for the "in between work" that i was promised from the beginning and never got, in between dropping off at events and picking up at night and driving back to Hamtramck where he and Kid own several houses.. That night i finally got in between work but we ended up going to Kid Rock's fight club in Mt. Clemens Michigan and i had to wipe up blood between rounds.. I watched kids giving each other life time damage, i screamed at some to put their hands up because they did'nt know anything they were just human punching bags.. there were families their children watching this shat.. I quit the next day.. It would have been the devil's path to fleeting pop stardom
Personally I like more the original version from Dagny but I agree with Rick on the fact that the Perry+8 version has more punch and close rhythm which makes it a good hit. Thumb up for the great video as usual. Thanks Mr. Beato.
These videos are really interesting. Would you be able to make one about BC Jean "If I were a boy" and compare with Beyoncé's if possible?
Oh and if it takes nine writers to steal a song.. imagine how many it would take to actually write an original song
Everybody in these comments: Pop music...gross! I'm far too cool and musically sophisticated to listen to that.  What utter stupidity. I get the feeling that these people think that pop music producers push a button on a computer and out pops a ready-made hit. Of course, there are some terrible and lazy pop songs around today, but then there are also a fair number of really creative and interesting pop songs that are worthy of respect. If you look at what goes into producing a well-crafted pop song you'd be surprised. I doubt many of the wannabe guitar gods on this comments section could get anywhere near producing something as decent as 'Clarity', for instance. Also, they seem to be conned by the idea of 'authenticity'. Some long-haired beardy type can strum a few cowboy chords and sing in an imperfect manner and immediately that's '"real and gritty and authentic'" and worthy of high praise. Nonsense. Sometimes THAT is just plain lazy! Some pop songs are surprisingly sophisticated even if they are based around common chord sequences. My advice is to get your heads out of your arses and stop defining yourself by the music genres that you listen to. Don't prejudge because you don't like the concept of 'pop'. Listen with honesty and open-mindedness. That's what I love about Rick. If he likes a song, he likes a song. Doesn't matter what genre it is. He's not trying to showboat and prove how cool he is (which ironically somehow makes him cool in my book). There is a valid place in this world for pop music. Yes, even Justin Bieber.
Rick...you listen to way more pop than I ever would...I can't listen to that corporate pablum.. being a drummer in a 70's tinted metal band..I tend to lean towards and support more  independent artists... there's a lot of good stuff on Spotify but you'll never find it on their radio stations...we are the bands that keep Spotify alive..and we don't make anything from it...they just keep ramming this processed pop crap down our throats..sorry rant over
Right before you mentioned the who I was thinking it right before you said it that’s crazy stuff
Rick! Remember what Ian Anderson of Jethro Tull said many years ago.  It’s all been done all of rock has been written. There is only so many cords and it’s almost impossible to write something new.   That’s why he said he didn’t sue The Eagles.  These said he was honored to be copied.  I love that guy. What a genius he was. “Stand Up” was such an under rated LP. Today’s pop singers are all about $$$, not talent.
at least they are being honest about it. Song based on another song.
they're both crap to me ! :(
I can't even go on the internet without even checking your name / only time will tell if we stand the test of time
Great video as always Rick.
Just more proof that today’s music is vapid , devoid of ideas, and basically sucks.
They needed 9 writers to come up with that one note. LOL! 😂🤣
I have been thinking about this a lot lately too, there is 40,000 songs getting released every day, there’s only 12 notes, there’s so many songs out there that sound very similar Or nearly the same, is that a copyright problem here because I wrote some songs recently and somebody told me that one of my songs sounds similar to another song and I didn’t mean to do that or listen to the other song, it’s just the way it turns out and The vocals were following the chords.. Hey Rick u too Old for those songs put on some Hendrix or ADCD 😆✌🏻😎
Interesting stuff. Thanks.
0o the overlords at youtube are not going to like this video.
7:19 loved your dancing lol
Rick shows us how the song was built, from the foundation up.  He is a true Perry mason!
I really like the editing of this video especially when you put the song through one earphone and the other song through the other song. Amazing!
I think dagny has a better voice than perry, I wish that the perry song was song by Dagny. Perry tends to have a very whiny voice.
This stuff just sounds all the same anyway. Katy Perry sounds like Dagny who sounds like Katy Perry. It's all the typical 13 in a dozen sound.
So I just finished the audiobook of Mötley Crüe The Dirt and have been watching alot of Crüe stuff on YT and saw that old VH1 special where they remake Vince Neil from the early 00's and who do I see in the studio with Vince and Desmond Child? Rick f'n Beato!!! Haha, I'd saw that show years ago when it aired but have only recently discovered Rick's amazing channel so it was real cool to catch him on that, and unsurprisingly homeboy was as professional as could be. 👍
I think this is valid for the whole pop at the moment. I can give many examples, but my comment will be too long.
Honestly, they're both so generic that I could see many people making the same thing without ever hearing either of them. 🤷‍♂️
Her ET song also "copied"  the song "all the things you said" by TATU
I wonder why they would record this song Ab. It seems so random. Thinking as a guitar player, it's a very annoying key to play in, unless you use a capo on the first fret or tunning the guitar down a half tone. Anyone can shed a light on this? Also, why Ab and not G# ?
9 people to write that?!? w.t.f.!! LMAO 😂😂👍 Thanks for the good laugh Rick!
Triumph of production over song quality ...
Katy Perry is a hack!
Love listening to music with you Rick - even though i'm doing all the listening... and at a completely different time and in a completely different country. :)
There's not enough keys!!!!
Music industry, I have a suggestion: Instead of suing everybody, try not to pay nine (9!) people to write a song that is already written. You'll be suprised how much money you can save
Didnt knew Virgil knows this much bout music.
Dagny’s acoustic version is 1/2 step lower (G) which makes it way darker, also due to lack of synth overtones and all glittering, sparkling, pop-frosting. Still it is still far more interesting from the production standpoint, especially on the depth playfulness. Check it out!
Do a Billie Eilish tune, Rick.
Always thought Pop Music sounded the same but this is Crazy!!!
As I listen to this song I immediately started hearing Closer by the Chainsmokers. 🤔 DJs at clubs all over the country are now making a mash up of both of these songs.
With this famous "one note melody" that Andrew  Huang talked about recently :)
Best with this video though is to read all pop haters comments : )
It's called artistic freedom Rick,  George Harrison had it with my sweet Lord.  and of course, where there's money's involved $$$$$$$$
Dude you should do mashups
You mentioned the word "cliche".........
The Katy Perry sing may be better produced, but it is plagiarized from the original. I hope the original artists get paid fairly. I just think that kids out there need to understand what's going on in terms of the intellectual theft. Sure, they have writing credits, but it was to cover the 'crime'.
9 writers ... probably 1 to copy and 8 lawyers.
In Your Eyes, Peter Gabriel.....  Is it me or does is seem like both of those tunes have a little lift from that song as well?
I'm glad you said The Who. I was racking my brain trying to figure where i had heard that chorf progression before.
Home Run, Rick. Superb analysis of these two songs.
I acully write guitars ontop and with some people in Greece and Cyprus that is pretty much pop they're pretty popular in those countries... so everything your saying I can relate to...lol and bro YOU ARE DEAD ON. I could put "do" usually put guitars on they're whole song, they produce it and take the parts certain noted stretch them manipulate them and like you said use them for enfisis and usually to build up parts and always the end...you got a GREEEAT ear also and can see things for wut they are Excillent lesson.
To be honest, I prefer the Dagny version. Having said that this is not my kind of music a bit too much copy and paste, although that seems to be a thing these days, and not just in pop.
It took nine people to write a song with one note?
I admire your ability to be able to muster such enthusiasm over art which is largely quite banal.
Aw Katy, never admit your source! You should learn from Ed Sheeran.
I don't really care for pop music either but being a fan of the National, I had to check out the Folklore album and was amazed at how good it was produced by the guitarist Arron Dessner
Well played Rick - you actually got me to click on a title that included "Katy Perry". Shame on me.
Lol it's the same song!
Rick your enthusiasm for these tunes is making me lose faith in humanity :)
Clarity was a greatly produced record!!!!!!!
I'm glad I'm too old to bother to hear garbage like these songs. Pity the kids today.
rick, can you write a pop song for us ?
I always thought Perry copied "I think we're alone now" with her "Chained to the Rhythm". Listen.
Sometimes I'm baffled by what Rick thinks is "one of the best songs from the last ten years". "Clarity" is one of these tracks they would play in an H&M store and I would be annoyed by it because it is that sort of completely flat and stereotypical music with no lasting value whatsoever. Produced for radio stations and, again, H&M stores and obviously not even meant to be really listened to.
Its really sad how so many writing camps push this out of composers. If there are 12 guys on a camp and you have 4 hours do deliver a demo its going to be more effective to lift your ideas from existing material and give you a better chance of getting on the split. I'm not saying that what happened here but it would make sense. After everybody realizes its essentially a soundalike they cut in the original as @ZorkWHouse81 describes.
Relies heavily on the super tonic too, which people seem to love
9 writers. :D Yep. 4 did not come, 3 slept, 1 deaf.
Rick is the king of bemusement.
Lauv have same track ))
What makes this song great: plagiarism edition
....and Rings of Saturn goes unheard by most. Mind blowing.
9 people to program a computer to produce  a song?  Wow. How did The Classic Bands do it back in the day before computers?
Hey Rick could you check/react to these artist?  Mainly in the indie / underground music.  Tom Misch Clairo Phum Viphurit  Mac de marco  Thundercat  Anderson.paak I would like to know your opinion on these artist. Thank you.
Copy is easier than create! But it is definitely not right!
I have three daughters and all I hear is them making up songs that sound exactly like this (and also pretending they're in a youtube tutorial vid the whole time).
I was wondering, why Rick ist wasting so much time over this
Come on Rick, this is manufactured music for teenage imbeciles.
Absolutely agree w u... its a lousy ripoff. I would sue the hell out of the 10 people.
Indians know that how T series in India is exploiting young artists, T series entirely copied Ritviz's song and used it in a Bollywood movie ( pati patni aur vho) . And also gave a copyright strike on Ritviz's video of that song claiming it was theirs even though everyone knows Ritviz's song released on YouTube years ago before even they copied the song.
Fuck Pop Music!!
So many white man out here thinking that just because there music taste is good means other peoples music taste is trash automatically. The bar is so low
Rick's definitely got a guilty pop pleasure, actually maybe not so guilty!
The vocal lines sound too staccato, & monotone! That's what I hate about pop. A computerized over produced hodgepodge of soulless drivel. Just sayin'.
Rick's correct: today's pop music is 100-percent formula-based. Instead of writing music from the brain, they're now writing music in the studio based on algorithms. I was at a fast food restaurant where the PA system was playing an electropop music station. The five songs I listed to were basically the same. I haven't voluntarily listened to radio music since the early 2000s, and I continue not to because the music today is just horrible!
I love when both songs sound at the same time :D
Rick, your video editing and production skills more than match those of the songs you analyze. Any musical artist who merits mention by you on your channel should be flattered and grateful. You are the Sherlock Holmes of musicology! 🔍🔉🎼
This morphed into 'what makes this song great?' haha!
It's borderline just a cover if I'm not mistaken. The main difference that stands out to me is the upbeat synth licks and a bit more of an upbeat shuffle vibe. If they reached out to Dagny about that they knew. It's kinda gross because of course Perry and her fellow writers are going to get the credit for the hooks. Should've at least left it under it's original name to redirect some attention to the original version. Hope dance pop style covers under different names don't become the norm.
I sure hope dagny or who ever composed that song actually gets the lion's share of the royalties even though they added 8 writers.... To eat the percentages no doubt..
How about:  "I can't even go on the internet, without ALWAYS checking your name."? The song I wish I could rewrite is Dolly Parton's Jolene.  How about: "I can easily understand how you could SIMPLY take my man"
It’s Coca-Cola’s ‘real thing’ ad campaign and a supermodel... there’s no way it isn’t going to be popular.....
I'm with you on the rhythm of the one note 'melody'. The "One Note Samba" is another example of how this can be effective. As you know Rick, this one note melody here @9:57 is the much used Super Tonic 'hook' employed in modern Pop music. It is probably over used, but when you're on a deadline...😉
Give your review about bring me the horizon  and there experimental yet catchy changes and there way of writing in pop structure that's still come of as interesting and unexpected
I have the feeling that with all his theoretical knowledge, his production skills and his genuine love of pop music, Rick would be a brilliant pop songwriter.
The bass drop offs are there for when your in the car and you've got a couple of 12" subs in the trunk.
That vocal line is a complete rip off from a Savage Garden song. Source: Jo Jo's Bizarre Adventure part 4.
Lol "sucking sound". You mean, white noise transition? Haha. Great video man. ;)
Thanks Rick, I think I’ll just stick with looking at Katy Perry rather than listening to Katy Perry.
This is why I hate the big music companies as an artist. they rip off everything they can and then pass it off as their greatness. complete BS, that is why I dont listen to the radio anymore
Rick, you need to do your favourite 10 pop songs for the last years.
If it weren't for South Park and Rick Beato I wouldn't know anything about American pop culture.
At least the original writers get a credit (and presumably therefore a share in the royalties...?) on this release. I agree with Rick, it is a well-crafted pop-song.
Great breakdown! However, if it wasn't for the fact that you introduced me to Dagny then I would've thought that she was kinda ripping off Taylor Swift! To me, it really sounds like a Taylor Swift song, I probably couldn't even tell the vocals were Katy Perry's!   Guess that shows you how much I know about pop music though...
It happens.  Remember the Carole King song Been to Canaan?  Listen to that intro then listen to Fuller French's Brazilian Sunrise (44 years later).  French's song diverges after the intro, but they're otherwise nearly the same, including the cool bass riff.
Not interesting music. Hopefully the music video has some nudity, otherwise I have zero interest.  9 writers and I bet just as many lawyers.
"It's like the Who" Love the throwaway nugget analysis!  Great video
Have you heard Ariana Grande "positions"? It appears to have ACTUAL crickets in it.
They both sound like a Yaz(oo)  song.  At least the beginning does
It's a really well done uninteresting industrial musical product. On the same level as... let's say a compact MIDI keyboard ripoff 😜
Lyrics [heehee heehee] That looks like a lyric that was edited under review. The original likely said, 'I can't even go on the internet without checking your fucking name.' Perhaps I'm being charitable. PS. The triplets suggests a mumble rap version would be fun. Eminem could do it ;-)
I was confused when it said enjoy on YouTube music but it was there and it sounds better.  Nice.
Hey Rick, I think that this @8:12 is the 'language' of the target audience...in that context, perhaps it's an example of clever lyric writing? Don't forget that Edward Lear wrote  nonsense for a living  😂
It took 9 ppl to copy the song from the guy who wrote it? All 9 of them?! They didn't even give the ACTUAL writer credit? Sounds just like Hollywood to me...
After 1:37 minutes I had to stop because that kind of music Is just obnoxious, I can't even finish my fucking breakfast, thanks for ruining my day 😂😂😂 Jesus I hate my generation and beyond
Yeah you should hear my new track Stairway Decompression.
Katy Perry is what Led Zeppelin was in the 60’s. So many of their hits have legal issues. Scoring by copying. But then again, I love both.
Check out Katy Perry 'Roar' vs Sara Barielles 'Brave' for another case of 'inspiration'.
Oh, this video was about a pop song? I didn’t notice as I was too busy pondering the Les Pauls and Marshall’s in the background. Covid has turned the world mad.....or exposed it. Either way.
Love Rick and his videos so much that I watched this whole thing even though I hated the song. I tried to understand why he likes it. I really tried.
I love how Rick is always genuinely excited in everything he shows us :)
I actually saw Rick listening to the Dagny song on spotify. I was kinda baffeled that some Norwegian pop was on his radar at all!
don’t talk about anything if you are not properly informed, you lose all your validity as a professional with this.
nobody will ever say wats wrong with you rick mate
It's also the frequencies and percussive elements of the words   (vowels and consonnants( that work. Words have melody too.
OMG, who is Katie Perry?
Rick, please dont make me listen to this kind of crap again. Thank you.
A flat major is the key of dance pop music! :o :p  I hear it now
Sorry.  The music of the last 20 or 25 years is garbage.  I'll be listening to the 60s 70s 80s and early 90s until I leave this world.  Back when music had QUALITY and was written by musicians with vision and passion.  Modern "music" can't hold a candle to the music of the 20th century.
Stop listening to crap lol
Meh...
Yet another supertonic melody!! Great video Rick!!
“WHAT MAKES THIS PLAGIARISM GREAT”
I don't think "saying things that are happening in the song" is the same thing as "here's why this is good"
I'm indifferent about this because Dagny gave Katy consent, was credited before it was released, and has been getting paid since day 1. But yes, essentially the same songs with only minor differences that fit in the same genre & sonic signature. Unfortunately, for 99% of the audience who listens to this music as commerce, they don't care about any of this and us musicians are left to pontificate about the ethics of such a quandary.
Love the video! The song fucking sucks though.
Is adding 6 songwriters a way to pay the original songwriters a smaller share of royalties?
When broken down like that, it's easier to appreciate what's good about it
The music industry is in such a sorry state ATM with, for the first time in history,  absolute garbage. This is one of the reasons... it takes 9 people to even steal a song. These people are in control of the industry,  even though if you look at previous concert sales of all styles and album sales. I'm not really a country fan for instance but I recognise some great writting and performing skills, great ticket sales and strong album sales yet they don't get much representation at the music awards. AC/DC have one of the best ticket sales of all time, an incredible concert experience and awesome album sales yet metal was just taken off the music awards as a category.  Thats a disgrace as its not representative of the people or music skills for that matter. When you add that together with the fact it takes 9 people to rip off a simple song and you have a real problem. I'm a huge music fan (and play guitar and record songs) and this makes me really sad. What do you think? Is there any light at the end of this very dark tunnel?.... cheers everyone and LOVE you videos Rick. One of the last places I can get some real enjoyment of music, learn heaps of stuff and get a fair and honest run-down of all music styles. Thankyou.
I prefer the Dagny song.  It's less overproduced.  I know that overproduction is a thing for modern pop songs, but there's a limit.
Dude. Katy Perry can't sing.
a lot of the vocal style reminds me of Imogen Heap...
So can anyone actually make out the Katy Perry lyrics, with all the autotune and growly shriekiness?
Speaking of pop lyrics, rick... Do you ever feel like a plastic bag?
That’s crazy that you can play them side by side in a pair of headphones and not even tell it’s two different songs playing! I think you’re right, “direct ripoff" is the correct term.
four chords of awesome...
That’s called a sample where the original artist had a conversation with Katy, maybe not in person and  said multiple times that she loves the version Katy did so idk why you’re making this video, it was clear at the beginning.
Congratulations, you have discovered modern pop music.
One of the many reason I watch Rick. I was thinking the whole time that the pre-chorus sounded like The Who, and Rick said it. He says what music fans think and want to hear. Please don't shy away from deconstructing these modern pop songs. If for nothing else, do it for posterity...god knows we won't be listening to them ten years from now.
You lost me at Katy Perry
"It's a great song" and then the face at 7:43 just made me laugh hard.
This just reminds me of the South Park episode where all they could hear was shitting sounds.
3:50  That hard pan track split is awesome.  Didn't know you were a DJ, Rick.
Respectfully, it may be very well produced and all that stuff, for me the song is less exciting than listening to cars go by. I like some current stuff, but sorry, not that.
gotta love those one-note melodies.,..,
I think your hard-panned remix with both of them is the best version of all! 🤣
well that quite quickly turned into a "What makes this song great?" ;) ... but I do like this song, too!! *even* if it's a rip off....
Producers have now decided to produce one song per artist and just give it a different name every time it’s re released (about once a month) because they realize no one will know the difference.
this stuff is so cool , music is an art,  science  , love, heart,  feeling....
WMTSG : - Truckin' - by Diamond Head
I'm totally confused ... For me all the songs in this video are the same ...
I'm still watching
Great video Rick, as always! Would you be capable of introducing the band Mr Bungle once? They used to copy nobody and everyone, I guess... but were extremely creative. There's no doubt that your review would be super-cool and inspiring.
There are some people in this world that actually worship Satan, I would steer clear of them !
I understand what is catchy about it. but its still a pile of crap. and the original artist who they copied should be getting 90% of writing and money from the Katy Perry song. it's not influence when you are outright stealing. the music industry is so messed up. nine writers what a joke. which one of the nine writers wrote that lyric. * Cause I can't even go on the internet without even checking your name*  or was that line a nine person collaboration, how bad can nine people write. I can picture them all in a room together saying we just need one more line for the song. and one guy yells out *Cause I can't, and then the second guy says *Even go, and then the 3rd guy says *On The and the fourth guy says *Internet, and the 5th guy yells out *Without, and the 6th guy says*Even, and the 7th guy says *Checking, and the 8th guy says *Your, and then katy yells out *Name, and then they all break out in joy about what a great line all nine of them just created. and then they all go and count their money from the song they just stole.
sounds like Katy Perry just did a more expensively produced version of the Dagny song. The artists here are the producers...
That Katy Perry songs chorus part makes me think of that Savage garden song with the cherry cola lyric.
Ah I see what you did  - this is a new section - 'What makes this song GRATE'
I want jazz harmony to pop songs in spotify top 10
Best part:   "It's like The Who ..."
This is why I only listen to music pre-1998.  Because if this is what is considered music today...  I don't care how well it is produced.  So is Captain Cruch cereal.  And someone took there working name from the guy Bruce Willis killed with a samurai sword in "Pulp Fiction"?
I'm slightly upset that you made me like this song. Now I have to detox with some Black Sabbath.
Is this a thing now - music that is so mediocre it's less exciting than toilet paper or washing powder?
Give me bands that write their own lyrics and music and perform it all without use of a GeFilter.
You really think these are good songs? That Zedd song, just another aah-eeeh-ooh-aahh-eeee-oheee- aaahh-ooooh eeeee -ooooeeeaaaaooh, with the tone of a cat in an unfortunate stage of it's life. it's all the same garbage
If you are a major artist and/or producer rarely do you touch a song without being 'allowed' to be a co-writer...whether you are or not. It's part of the future compensation you are creating for yourself. If the people who actually wrote the song don't approve of the 'creative equity' split that the artist and producer want for themselves then the song generally won't get released. The public mistakenly believes you actually have to help write a song to be legally credited as a co-writer.
3:43 and the Rick Beato interpretation is obiviously the best one
Hi Rick! Again: great video! Quick question though: what does someone have to bring in to be credited as a writer? Is coming up with the marching snare for example enough?  I was once in a five piece band, and in our writing process we all brought something to the table: sometimes I would write the bridge of a song, the guitarist wrote his part, the bass player wrote the intro, singer wrote the lyrics and part of the melody, so that would basically mean the song already had 5 writers?
Musical taste is an absolute mystery . . . I've given up trying to understand it. I just accept it . . . finally,  after nearly 60 years of trying to work it out.
Would the fact that 9 people cowrote this might have something to do with any actions in court or whatever ? seems like a one on one copy from the dagny song...
Nine writers?  Wow....How sad is that?
So basically it was a choice of accepting partial credit for copying your own song;   or see you in court.
What Makes This Song Great: Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing
It's all crap anyway.
Thought it was a lifting of part of Leave A Trace by Chvrches
Modern music is so generic and uninspiring.
I like your funny words, magic man.
This is soooo good. I love how you highlight all the nuances of these songs
I really, really prefer the Dagny song. it has this ... wildness? to it.
The algorithm is listening. The "Up Next" video to the right is "Zedd - Clarity ft. Foxes" (Official Music Video)
It’s unfortunate but Katy is a goddess and I forgive her for any transgressions.
Reminds me a bit of For What it's Worth.
Hey rick. Check out the middle. Production and arranging is superb, creative and a brilliantly written pop song imo. Also zedd.  Listening deep into the track, the layers are gorgeous, not to mention the bass line!!
Regardles of copy/oryginal issues, you should more often talk about current songs. It was very interesting.
Starbucks coffee is disgusting.
Katy Perry (and by the way, that's NOT her REAL name -  Her REAL name is Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson) tried to sue an Australian designer of children's sleepwear. . .  The Australian designer's legal name is *KATY PERRY* . . . The name that she was christened with at BIRTH .   She sells her clothing range under her LEGAL name. . .  "Katy Perry" The 'singer' claimed the Australian designer was trying to 'cash in' on the name. . . The case was thrown out of court. . .  THAT is what kind of person "Katy Perry" is. .  FAKE. . . . *FAKE* . . . . FAKE. ..  *_FAKE_*
2020 is getting weirder day by day
Yeah, Rick, I admire that you can listen to that stuff without pulling out your pistol and shooting your stereo.  I just can't stand that drek.
It sounds like another thousand modern songs.  What makes this song crap Rick .
Prefer the Dagny song, the vocal has so much more personality than the Perry robot ripoff.
I would have liked to hear both voices just by themselves, without adjustments. Has all the rhythmic singing done by the singer or later manipulated by the producer?
Well played;)
The A flat maj seems to be where the vocal harmonising programs work well
tried to like it, just...cant...hate.....myself that much, sorry dude :)
At least Katy Perry gave Dogny writing credits and recognized the songwriters instead of just denying it. This means they get paid too. So many other “artists” blatantly steal.
If you put those nine 'writers' into a room and play some Beatles, their little heads would pop.
Pop as a "Guilty Pleasure"... say it ain't so Rick 😲😂
Surprised to see such an Australian presence, but I guess that explains the Savage Garden vibes
I would call it plagiarism hard core. One note melody.  You, or someone, have fully proven Fimus and Pherbs (Disney's children's show) suggestion of such DOES exist.
The verse and chorus just sound like variations. And they gave her credit. Sort of a waste of your time, Rick. LOL
Sounds all totally auto-generated and auto-tuned to me. Are people really enthusiastic about such generic stuff. To me it is all fast Popcorn to make quick money. Waste of time even to do an analysis.
I think that giant sucking sound is called a NAFTA, right?
I like the Dagny song better just from the bits I heard on your video.  It sounds more musical, less autotuned and computer generated.  There have been some great or even good pop songs.  I am not sure this Katy Perry song is one for me.  Sure the rhythm is interesting in part but it is mostly vapid.
ive never even heard of katy's version. now that i have, its over produced. glad dagny got the respect, could have been buried as a reference track to katys version
I'm gonna be sincere here. I generally boycot pop songs released lately. I generally point my finger to the pop production (specifically in Italy, where I live) and you guys in this channel could guess why. I study jazz music and I dont push people to jazz feeling and sounds and rhythms, but I always tell people that to enrich ears with more colorful repertoire is the best. To see Rick enjoy POP MUSIC like this.. In a way.. Legitimises my self to do it too.. I feel weird, but soft inside.  Maybe I'm too hard sometimes (thinking that pop music sucks).
Song lacks any emotion, imagination, is extremely boring and uses production techniques and cliches to make it more interesting.  Its mass produced garbage (by talented producers).  I wouldn't have been surprised if they transpose the key to add a little more variety.  Sorry Rick, on this occasion I think you got over excited.
9 people wrote a song and it sucks. The sucking sounds on choruses is tribute to the inspiration of sucking.
where  are the bands writing songs with guitars these days?
I have long enjoyed these videos, but I really wish this guy would do a video on Johnny Marr.
Never have, never will understand the reverence for such music.  It sounds like quantized aural junk food.  A bit surprised Mr. Beato has as much praise for it as he shows in this video.
Our parents were right...these songs all sound the same!
Dont know if anyone has posted this yet but it’s not the first time Katy has done this. She did it with “Dark Horse” as well. A California court found her and her team guilty last year of ripping off a christian rap song. She sang it at the 2015 super bowl and got a Grammy nom for it too.
“This isn’t Stairway to Heaven”  ... but this video felt like an entire master class on pop song writing. Thanks Rick !
Well, let's be honest, people who listen to this can't really tell the difference anyhow.
Rick, it's a sad day when we find it necessary to analyze songs this closely to prove/disprove a rip off. To me, if it sounds this close, it's a rip off. Where has originality gone? Not just in music, but in many forms of today's "art." I'm not a hater, I'm just not in denial.
That hard panned mix is awesome!  Enter than the individual songs.
This is like Content Cop for pop music, love your work Rick!
"Just because it's really over"  is the same rhythm and Katey probably took that vocal rhythm from Savage gardens "I want you"  verse.  Savage Garden also had great synth sounds.
Delusional comment section, how sad, buncha crusty brains.
Rick... have you ever heard of Dirty Loops?
It all sounds like the same crap to me.
I love Rick. If he deconstructed Chop Sticks I'd probably give it a thumbs up. But...why tf am I watching this??? Modern pop is...not even gonna waste a negative adjective here.
Guys, Katy Perry literally sampled this song with Dagny’s permission. Actually, Dagny was happy about it. Katy’s team could literally take legal actions towards this video so you better be careful Rick!
I find Dagny’s voice much more pleasant than Katy Perry’s
Rick I want to see an episode about HOW MANY SONGS Micheal Jackson really wrote!
I’ve found songs like this all over the place where 2 songs sound almost identical.
One note melody? Why not a one note solo--Cinnamon Girl; or a one chord song--Keep on Choogin.'  If you can pull it off, why not?
Fuck!  5 SONGWRITERS to rip off song of another songwriter that wasn't... c'mon both are terrible!  While PETE TOWNSHEND WROTE ALL THE SONGS OF THE WHO AND RECORDED THE DEMOS HIMSELF! where are we going with this... doesn't make any sense!
G'Day Rick...classic " POP BUBBLE GUM " music....chew it for 5 minutes & then it loses its flavour.......grab the next piece of gum...and repeat..........
Music today is a joke.
I think in most cases, the vast majority of these “writers” are really producers, that’s why almost any current pop song features high quality values in that regard, but are seriously lacking in the songwriting department because many of them are basically sound designers not composers. Of those 9, maybe only 3 actually wrote this song, the rest added 300+ layers of fx, overdubs, samples, etc over it.
My first KP exposure was the "Making a plaster cast of KP's boobs" video. Here we learn that KP's peeps are also Dagny's peeps, and those peeps had the brilliant notions to redo "Love You Like That" w/KP and give it a new name. One probably doesn't need the plaster cast video to know that w/KP's looks, and shape, she isn't a pop star because of her music composition skills.
Just like Col. Tom Parker.
Sorry Rick.  That song sucks.  Good on you for hearing the best in music.
This video ended the “Ok boomer”
Ooh! Don’t forgot Taylor Swift’s “You Need to Calm Down” (2019) , the melody and groove are from Grouplove’s Ways to Go” (2008)
100% not remotely close to the same song.
Rick, love your videos! For another massive writer roster, check out Eddie Money's "Take Me Home Tonight"
"I guess I could try hypnotherapy 10   I gotta rewire this brain 8  'Cause I can't even go on the internet 11   Without even checking your name" 8  Honestly, within the context of this verse, that lyric is actually good lol There's a  story and meaning to this lyric. A beginning and end, a sentence that conveys something. The way Rick judged it, he took it out of context. It's not Bob Dylan lyric quality, but it's still good. It's clear and has a point. Plus, brain and name actually rhyme. Not a perfect rhyme, but close.   Also, the numbers are the number of syllables for each line. 2nd and 4th line have 8 syllables and 1st and 3rd have 10 and 11 syllables. That's really good writing and difficult to do. That's why they wrote "even" twice, so it matches the syllables. 10 and 11 are not an exact match, but it doesn't matter since a 1 syllable difference can be covered up by the voice. This is very solid writing.  And lastly, they actually gave Dagny writing credits, so it's a copy, but not plagiarism. But at that point, why not just do a cover of Dagny's song? I'd rather do a cover than try to create a copy of an original passing it off as an original. Idk
Is no one gonna address that samples exist?
So it took 9 people to write a song, where there essentially exists two versions of a horrible song....
Laughed waaaay to hard with the key pun
Funny as hell
Rick just finessed us into watching a katy perry song analysis😅
It sounds like a really cynical business move to me... how to do a cover but still get a slice of publishing.
What makes this song great- “Chemistry” Semisonic
Do a video on k-pop songs too. For some reason whenever I'm listening to a k-pop song it reminds me of a similar English pop song, but I can't tell exactly what song.
@RickBeato what did you get at Starbucks? Did you get into the Xmas holiday drinks or normal coffee?  I love their Pumpkin Spice latte. It's the first thing I tried when I first visited Starbucks back in 2005.
Look in to Shoemaker from Nightwish, would be interesting to hear what you think about that tune🤘
Katy Perry..oh yeah..It’s only Katy Perry.... They’re all wasted! 😀
9 writers is ridiculous indeed BUT it’s not like Zedd was sitting in a room with Perry in desperate need of 7 other people because they are incapable of finishing (or in this case re-writing someone else’s song) by themselves. The reason so many people interject and collaborate with a line or two is so that they can get album credits, with a major artist, attached to their name. That’s important for people who make a living in pop music but it’s done at other levels too. A lot of us want to bag on it but in reality most of us would love to be able to say we got liner credits for a song that’s on the radio.
I like the mix though. Just remix it with both playing together.
That might be the most annoying thing I have ever heard.
Never heard either but I prefer the Dagne song by far" better chorus imo. The Perry song was over produced imo, sounds more formulated and less human if that makes sense. So I disagree Rick ! 😌
"Inspired" Surely she could sue for bazillions. Even the same percussion
I just noticed that Rick has six les Pauls in the background... I simultaniously do not understand and am envious.
Either you have daughters or you need to stop hanging out with Rhett.  Why did you make me 'hear' this non musical swill? This makes me very sad for all of humanity.  The Liberty Insurance jingle is better.
Why are we acting surprised that 2 songs written in the last decade sound identical to each other lol
You will be the star witness when this goes to court.
Rick, I know ZERO about music, honestly I don't understand much of what you teach.  But your passion and enthusiasm keeps me coming back over and over to watch your channel.  I find myself smiling ear to ear just seeing your joy and energy.  So thank you, and maybe I will learn something along the way.
Best bit was the quick The Who clip...........the other songs instantly forgettable with poor melodies
Rick could talk about literally any song in any genre and I would be glued to the screen.
Who played the various musical instruments on that Katy Perry song?  Mister Roboto?
Great: If Rick says it, I believe it.
Love Rick’s “guilty pleasure” face at 7:43.
For some reason that techno dance music just sounds fake to me, but I can understand why you as an engineer like it. You have to use magic to make it listenable.
The “snapped to grid” feel just ruins it.
Rick, i highly recommend checking out Haken's song Prosthetic for What Makes This Song Great. It is simply an incredible prog metal song!
It happens that you come up with a song over another song while it's playing. But yeah, the original is better.
-"whats wrong with you? - hey its a great song"... story of my life lol
Tripping on those hard pans.   As long as they get writing creds and royalties, right? Original should be 50% tho, not distributed equally between all writers.
I'd love to see a "What Makes This Song Great" about Zedd.
I heard a story about how KD Lang got writing credit on a Rolling Stones song. The Stones had recorded the song, and Keith was listening to the completed track, and one of his daughters walked by and said something like "oh hey, its that KD Lang song!" That's what I heard anyway.
Have you heard Spirits ‘Taurus’ compared to Led Zepps’Stairway...’
same chords, same rhythm, very VERY similar sounds!
Dude im always so impressed with ur ear everything you convey with ur analysis of a song, and how u can just break down the entire track with such articulation and never seem like a music snob about anything man. Usually dude of ur capacity are total fuckin douchebags.. it’s so awesome man.  But Not many can do it with such a spirit and passion of u dude.. you’re the man dude!  Rick for life!!’ 💪🏼🔥🎶
Dear Rick, Please review Neiked vs Maroon 5; same story basically
Everything in this video (except for Rick's voice) sounds like bubblegum sugar noise to me.  Now I know what a "Katy Perry" is, so there is that.  I mean this has got to be a prank by Rick to see what happens with monetization. He does that sometimes.
Its like a mish mash of *Baba O'Riley* and *I want you by Savage garden*
Hey Rick can you do a video comparing the songs: Oh! Sweet nuthin' by The Velvet Underground and Can't You See by The Marshall Tucker Band? Seems like The Marshall tucker band ripped them off, in a different key though
Grace Potter blew Katie Perry off the VH1 Diva stage. It was a beautiful thing to behold. Too bad every trace of it has been scrubbed.
I just remember the drunk left shark at the super bowl
Who cares who ripped off whom. They are both suxass tunes. Melodically weak and unimaginative lyrics. If you're gonna rip off another song then make sure it's a damn good tune. Good enough for George Harrison.
You should do a what makes this song great on Zedds clarity. It’s got a fantastic melody and great production. And that vocal layering at 11:00 is great the low harmony is descending the scale while the high harmony which is the lead is singing that one note.
They couldn't write a better song, so bought one and threw up over it. This song sounds and feels awful.
So, it's really well made, sturdy cardboard, with really good, super sweet frosting on top, requiring *nine* effing people who couldn't write their way out of a wet paper bag, to create an over produced, over simplified (is that even possible with a pop song?) 'original' version of another artist's genuinely original work, that any other self respecting person or band would have simply covered. Sorry Rick, but I must respectfully disagree with your ironic support of this cluster-suck train wreck; although I do understand having a guilty pleasure.
3:55 the Ultimate MashUp lesson on lame songs, thanx Rick.
I would say they clearly agree with you about it being lifted if they chose to share the writing credits with Dagny, b/c you know they wouldn't cut someone else in on the money unless they felt they really had to. So they knew they weren't going to get away with it and just nipped it in the bud by sharing the writing credit.
You lost me Rick when you said you liked this song. But, you redeemed yourself with the Who reference.
So Rick is praising and making a big deal out of a rip off?
Great call, Rick
I prefer the Dagny song, maybe the production is not as good.....  Plus Dagny could use about 7 more writers.  I'd never heard of Dagny before this video but I'm a fan now!   Sorry Katy..
To me the Dagny tune is WAY better.
The irony here will be the Demonetization (or further block) for this video. -.-
Put them together and put out a new song called "Love You Like That Never Really Over"
I think this would actually make a great topic for a series: "Songs that you've heard before in other songs." I'm sure a man of your profession could make several videos based on that.  Give ya one of mine. Ever notice the main keyboard line in Hollywood Undead's song "Undead" is intervallically similar to the main riff in "Crazy Train"?
The vocal rhythms on most of Katy Perry's stuff are great. Pretty sure the reason why there are so many writers on pop songs, is because no one is getting paid properly up front for anything. So everyone gets points instead. And you compare that to something like The Beatles, where George Harrison and Ringo, never got any writing royalties even though George was writing guitar hooks and Ringo was writing some truly iconic drum parts that define some of those songs. It was just who ever wrote the lyrics and melody.
Many posters here comment how much they hate it. My guess is that the producers really don’t worry about those few that THINK they ARE right. Beato does a great job breaking this down and how the producers, with 7 figure income as a result, GOT it right.
I love hearing everyone bad mouthing Katy Perry. How do you guys feel about Black Sabbath’s Paranoid vs Communication Breakdown by Led Zeppelin?
Another reason why you're such a great guy Rick. Exposing the "con" that is artists like Katy who believe they can claim "inspiration" of a song but in fact are blatantly plagiarizing and stealing from a lesser-known artist whilst offering no compensation....just a Wikipedia shout-out.
Who's Zedd Zedd's dead baby Zedd's dead
The Dagney song is actually much better too.
Right after I woke up this morning I was thinking about listening to some dixieland jazz, I opened up youtube and look where I am! yeah, Rick's videos always come first!
"Can you really have a melody that's one note?"  Andrew Huang recently did a video on this exact phenomenon in pop music lately.  It's the supertonic.
hi, thank you very much for your work, but what kinds of bother me, is that if normally there is so much about copyrights, and the money is for the composer, so I don't like, that because there is an artist that is in vogue, and having so many fans and followers, the original writer has to share/surrender the writing rights, with the others, so they can use the famous artist platform to promote the song in a bigger proportion, like with the hit song Despacito with the Panamanian writer, or the Maluma song Corazon with the brazilian, that for me its obvious that is written by a brazilian guy, not a fact, so Maybe I'm wrong or speculating, on those 2 previous Examples, the thing is that, it seems that, now the writers have to share/surrender the rights of their songs, to get exposure in a bigger platform, that i believe that it was not like that before. Who knows, maybe I'm wrong or is the only option to get justice in a better way for them to get their song recognized, better numbers, more reach. take care.
I'm not surprised Rick! Knowing that Katy Perry is a product rather than an artist. Not much integrity left in the world much less the music industry. Great vid
One rhymes that repeatedly and the other is all about rhyming “over” over and over, overused
Katy Perry: roar Sara Bareilles: Brave  Katy Perry: wide awake coldplay: paradise
Watching Rick’s analytical talent applied to radio pop is like watching Rembrandt comment on a Bob Ross painting.
One thing about her music, they always find a way to push the beat and get your toe tapping.
Or is it like, THEIR version?
Welcome to episode 1 of  "What Makes This Song Okay." The artist is Katy Perry, and the song is "Never Really Over." Today's discount code is RB69...
WOW this is totally surprising. Completely caught me off guard. Never in a hundred years did I expect this.   Even if it's a case of "parallel thinking", it's so surprising to see two pop songs released close to each other sounding so incredibly similar. Almost like most of pop music is formulaic and generic.
Hmmm?
Lesson of the day : if you want to be a good producer steal someone else and claim the reward I really can't imagine the faces of these producers getting paid after what they stole, I mean OMG they were 9 peoples writing a song together and what they did is steal someone else and say it inspired them?
I love the analysis of the music and production
She literally sampled the song....
She could have sung it in the key of G# and claim the song.
It’s like The Who....NOT! lol
Funny to hear him mention the Ab for dance music. I think it might have something to with the fact that sub bass sounds which are widely used in dance genres to fill in the bass usually sound best around the E-A range. Therefore a key like Ab might sound naturally fuller in the sub bass.
The Onion does Rick Beato. Are you really serious? This was god awfull painful....
It’s interesting to me that you’re so decided on this one being the same song, but were equally firm in your opinion on the other side about the other ones, like The Hollies/Radiohead/Lana Del Rey, Taurus/Led Zeppelin, Ed Sheeran/Marvin Gaye, and Katy Perry/Flame, etc
Meh
So who is getting the royalties then?
Interesting to watch and to see what the nuts and bolts are, as always;  I'd have to go with Dagny's version.  KP's sounds like a 15 second commercial stuffed into a 3 minute break while the ice gets groomed.  9 writers...
Dang! Speaking of lack of originality. Thank god for having Courtney Swain in this day and age
Man I need that Chorus to have WAY more low end for it to really bop for me. The rhythm is killer, I just want some slammin low end.
Well, it’s definitely Dagney’s song. She should sue Ms. Perry, just because she really has not one iota of what went into the writing of her song. She probably just showed up to the studio and let them do their magic. But that’s pop music at it’s best.
pop garbage
I hope you never study what Elvis, Beatles, Stones, and Zepplin did ... lol. Did you intentionally mention Stairway? I can't tell if the whole thing was satire now :) Maybe 9 people (plus the original song) got credit because she wanted to give credit to everyone involved. Wouldn't it be a great improvement over the normal music industry egos?
Katy Perry also copied "you get what you give" by the new radicals, for her song "teenage dream".
The Dagny song is marginally better IMO. Not that it's saying much - they're both generic, overproduced pop slop.
Admire your detailed elucidation of melodies..if ever there is a government of music, my vote is for Rick as the president..!!
Katy Perry and The Who do not belong together in the same sentence!
I know Soul music, this must be Soulless music.
Starbucks is terrible
Must have been cool to Hear the  similarities. Then read/learn that connection. GREAT EARS Rick.
Love you rick 😁♥️
A musician friend of mine called me on a Monday after having spent a weekend creating some music. He played me a recording of a lovely instrumental, it truly was/is beautiful. After the song ended, there was a bit of a silence, and then he asked "What do you think?", to which I responded "It's beautiful, but Phil Collins called, and he wants his song back.". He groaned! Hey, many of us do this from time to time. It was not a direct copy but, I'd wager most of the listening public would have guessed Phil Collins wrote/played it. Again, to his credit it was/is a beautiful albeit inspired piece.
"It's almost impossible to tell that there are two songs going on at the same time"
Well at least nobody is claiming it sounds anything like Spirit’s Taurus.
Personally, I found both songs to be run of the mill autotune crap, which only became somewhat interesting when you played them both together.
No, no it's nothing like the Who.
Same chord progression as Meridith Brooks - I'm a Bitch.
9 writers. I don´t want to be 'that guy', but... it used to take only one person to rip off a song.
I can see that it is a really creative song. It's interesting too. It's a good pop song, for sure. I should like it. I get what you're saying, but  there is something holding me back. I don't understand my own resistance to pop music. The song is  almost annoying.
But, if its the same song, how is it better (or why) than the previous? I feel that that  went unaddressed. Cheers Rick
It takes an army of experts to create forgettable pop....all you need to know...how many ways can one commodisize the process of making a record. Give me, out of tune guitars, humming amps, feedback, dirt, sweat etc. May uncontrived, unhomogenized real music will make a comeback.
If you were a pop DJ hating the genre you would have to always play these back to back.
Hey Rick, can you do something on one of my favourite bands, The Meters.
As a songwriter I get offended when someone says current music is crap. I assume they are including Indie Rock, Metal, Post Rock and well, you see where I am going with this. I don't however mind if they say current pop sucks.
Someone with no taste made this song.
It's not a rip off if you buy the artist...  At any rate, this is fordian "music" so...
I am not someone who knows musical notes (A flat, A major, etc). I never studied music. I just like how you bring me in to the topics.  Saw a video many years ago titled "You spent all that money and you still got owned".. Even though I don't know much about the IT security field, I felt like it did a good job of bringing me in and explaining things in an easy to understand way.
the last line rick said , does it really needs 9 writers ? apparently it does. ( if they didn't have the other song ) Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 11:52
So Rick just tricked everyone into watching a 'What makes this song great' for a Katy Perry song haha
I don’t want to sound like a boomer here but this song is literally everything I hate about modern pop music... repetitive, overproduced, cliched sound effects, uninspired lyrics. It just doesn’t make me feel anything and these people have the audacity to call themselves ‘artists’ lol
Yes, it's catchy - like COVID
Funnily enough in this case it would've been better that katy perry and team had made the similarity by accident (it's a stretch but still possible, if they had heard the digny song before). Now that we know they were "inspired", it's appalling that these talented musicians couldn't be bothered to be creative and try to make a song that wasn't borderline plagiarism.
415.305 hz based on 440 hz scam or is is a good compromise for 432hz?
Can you do a video on how John Mayer's Waiting on the World to Change is essentially the same as Marvin Gaye's Sexual Healing?
Not really keen on much after 2000 but of the two, I prefer the Dagny song  IMHO. Loved this "sorta" episode of What Mkes This Song Great. Looking for the real thing soon!
Sounds Good as a mashup
A modern day pop princess not producing original content...imagine that.
You're the most open minded music educator on YouTube, Rick. No genre snobbery at all.
Rick I'd love to see you do a video on some of the songs from Dua Lipa's 'Future Nostalgia', a really brilliant pop album.
All these songs are sonic garbage, background noise that eventually becomes a meaningless ring. Garbage inspiring garbage
Rick, I believe you have stumbled upon your new "calling"; to "call-out" artists/band who have copyright infringements and expose their blatant flaw. It's funny...you are blocked by some of the greatest bands/artists of all-time and those who infringed will be more notable and perhaps wealthier.   Enjoy your content. Looking forward to many more episodes. 👍
Rick, love what I'm learning, thanks. What do you think of the 2Cellos?
Rick, ignore the haters. We have "musical appreciation". KP is talented and the song is catchy for a pop audience with excellent production. Is it great, no, but... we can recognize, as the kids say
Huh. I always figured she just purchased the song and redid it. Odd that they used the 'inspired by' language.
As always, I learn something when Rick makes a video.
My kids are teenage girls, 13 and 15.  I tolerate their music in the car because I enjoy seeing them enjoy music.  Once in a while a song will come on and I’ll find myself enjoying it right along with them.  This always gets a smile from them, sometimes a laugh because my music is more "Soundgarden/Grung/Metal."  It makes me feel better knowing that even Rick Beato can get into some of that bubble gum music from time to time.
I don't like either song but pan them together like you did and it actually works out much better.
The only thing that stands out to me here is..  John Entwistle's Bass tone!!😜
I feel like the 9 writers are just a way to distribute the earnings to the KP crew and screw the original writer?
Why do you waste your time with this stupid modern pop garbage?
Time for me to rewrite and rerecord this song, then release it crediting ten writers
You are a producer.... you should know just as well as everyone else that there is not an original idea left.
thats so bad, crazy when you pan each tune L + R
The Katy Perry version is a better song, but come on, she's had her day. Just lifting other songs to stay relevant now. She should be in Vegas or doing songs from the Great American Songbook in care homes with Rod Stewart.
having them both playing at the same time panned to different sides actually sounds better than either song on its own lol
The original is better
Should've said "repulsive" synth cords. Both versions are equally terrible.
I’m more surprised Katy perry and her camp included that other artist . Perry did her a favor . I’m not sure what the controversy is. I thought you were gonna bring up  the George Harrison my sweet lord issue which ended up giving credit  . Honestly This video seems off Rick!!
Let's gang up and punk the buyers...and sell the same song twice...
here come bunch of people who know nothing, zedd like that dagny song so, he got the permission to sample the instrumental from her producer,
Katy and team did pretty much the same with the megahit "Roar", which is ripped from Sara Bareilles 2013 hit "Brave"...
As long as Dagny (or whoever wrote it) gets paid, it’s all good. But Rick’s right, it IS remarkable.
I am pretty sure I have a writing credit on this song
Give me The Who.
If you're gonna be influenced by another artist make it The Beatles,  signed Oasis
Good guilty pleasure pop songs but I disagree the Katy Perry one is better. The Zedd-style production helps, but the lyrics are worse. The original song had a simple conceit that worked. They should have just covered it instead of writing a bunch of over-complicated new nonsense words.
Not the first time she's been accused of plagiarism. 'Dark Horse' went to court.
I’m not much of a current pop music guy, but these tracks do have some of that special sauce. They’ve got that earworm quality; they might make it into my iTunes library.
How dare you insult The Who
Boy, Rick's video's comment threads have really turned into a bunch of tired boomer "grr pop muzak bad" takes. Goofy considering he always has something complimentary to say about the pop music he talks about, you'd think people watching these might glean some shreds of musical open-mindedness but... no
Even the covers are the same format
9 people to write a song. Beyoncé has a team to write her songs for her. Despicable.
When you mentioned The Who, I had to smile, was thinking the exact same thing.
The Beatles wrote at least 200 great songs, each have it's own soul and sound totally different. Today's modern artists cannot write 2 songs that doesn't sound exactly the same.
W/e katy is a dime piece
I actually like "Love you like that"...."better". By that I mean it makes me want to shoot myself less. And not in good way like grunge.
And this is one of the reasons I like this channel.  I would never have heard or appreciated this song otherwise.
I give most of the credit to Skylar Grey for writing Clarity, Zedd mainly did the production. The production is good too but the song itself is what I love the most about it. Skylar is a really under-rated songwriter imo.
Details aside, just sounds like a lot of other current forgettable pop songs to me.
I really respect how Rick can tear apart  a song and appreciate the nuances. But that auto tune singing makes my skin crawl. Not a boomer either (almost). Both of those songs are absolutely unlistenable.
Never heard either song before... After watching the video, this is like Perry’s camp pulling a Puff Daddy with Rodney Jerkins back in 1999 to give the Chanté Moore song If I Gave Love to Jennifer Lopez and Jerkins offering to write a new one (a copy, really), If You Had My Love. Difference here is that Perry’s camp offered/gave Dagny a credit. Regardless of credit, I find it shady and unethical, but hey, it’s the music business!
I love how you never look down your nose at pop.
"Zedd is dead baby"
Really enjoy the analyses of so many types of music. Surprised there has not yet been an analysis of an ABBA song on this channel considering their influence on pop music .
Every Katy's song sound the same to me.
I'm sorry; but, I have more respect for the original tune.  C'mon man... "inspired by" my ass!
6:21 Nuff said
This song is sucking my will to live.
Can you look into the music of GRIMES please Rick and do a what makes. She’s an interesting character and has many interesting influences. Thanks
Natalie Cole sung a lot of songs in Ab.
Real musicians appreciate all music.
Great video.
Never really over is a sample of Dagny's music and she is properly credited just as producers and songwriters don't fall into clickbaits
Both songs are pretty darn good, but I agree, Katy's version is a production of the highest quality. Thanks for another great analysis and breakdown. I think watching your videos has helped me improve my listening skills.
If it wasn't for Katy collaborating with Periphery on Firework I wouldn't be as interested.
Nine people to write THAT?!  Are they handing out participation awards, too.
‘What Difference At This Point Does It Make?!’
I'm not much of a pop guy, but after listening to both of them, I like the original one much better. There's something very irritatingly repetitive about Katy's version. Certainly nearly a direct copy.
4:28 “To rewrite this song” LOL
They do sound alike, but I don't listen to that sort of stuff... I like Deep Purple.
Why are you taste testing a chocolate covered turd?  Pop is good but That riffless song is all production and no substance.
you should do a video of my sweet lord and hes so fine using that computer program to line up parts and then see if george was ripping it off
The new songs bore us, because they have no chorus . I winder what the sheet music looks like .
You're surprised that "Generic Pop Song A" sounds remarkably similar to "Generic Pop Song B" Rick? Time to change the station.
Pretty much crap songs, calling them songs is a stretch
Rick Beato didn’t kill himself.
Again, this type of so called music makes me vomit. Thanks for making me puke. Can we get an ELP or Yes or King Crimson breakdown? OR . . . how about a review of Chris Stapleton's new release, please? Music, please?
Love it how this video turned into a production analysis, i love those
Katy (void of anything new and creative) and her producers just went straight to “Pay the lady”
Why does it take so many songwriters and producers to make one crappy song.
Katy could sing the phone book shes  still beautiful
Crap music man 😅 both of em
The katy perry production process... select from a catalog of beats and music, cram lyrics into it (might be hers, might also be bought), lay in the vocals, let the engineers and producer make something of it, skip off to dubai or miami to party.
Katy: "I stole the song cuz I liked it".
ehh, I like the other song
Gasp 😨 Wowwww!!!! Rick!!!
Huge fan of Clarity, great song. Also, yeah I love this Katy Perry track, and the Dagny song!
"California Girls" sounds a lot like Prince's "I Want To Be Your Lover".
Stealing songs. You could do a whole series of videos on this and that's just with Led Zeppelin. Of course, 90% of the people who watch this channel are in denial over the blatant plagiarism that Zeppelin perpetrated. I'll never deny that Zeppelin were great at remixing other peoples stuff and then forgetting to give them credit for writing it..
Sadly, it’s not that unbelievable.
So if you get enough lame 'producers' in a room, you can come up with a heist where they can steal from other lame producers?
I luv it when Rick nerds out on a completely forgettable pop song. He gets so excited.
Rick, I listen to mostly metal (ok huge fascination with doom metal) but as far as POP is concerned please review Sigma. The song is called Find Me, featuring Birdy. The radio edit. It’s amazing! I get choked up.
Great spot. Cracking little pop tune. I look forward to your analysis of 'Firework' :)
“Every artist is a cannibal, every poet is a thief!" From the "Fly!" U2. . .hottest thief on YouTube the great Katy Perry!  ps. . .(Dagny should cut you 10% of the half mil you just made her! Good job Rick)!
Would love to hear your opinions of The Grammys re: The Weeknd.
Uh no
'What makes this song great?' It copies this other song! 😂
Not sure Rick - all recent pop sounds the same to me and this Kate Perry is very formulaic, produced by electronica club dj's who orchestrate movements with the same bag of tricks. Having said this - 2 recent pop recordings that do stand out for production et al, Milk & Bone: Daydream, The Weeknd: Feel it Coming..... master recordings! Forget Katie bubblegum pop and review those two tracks!
That one-note melody reminds me of savage garden’s i want you .. and also, of one-note samba. Hehehe
Sorry as soon as I hear the snap tracks I tune out.....
I mean A flat is the bet key... so cant fault them for using the same key haha
Did KP and friends "use" so many songwriters to stack the deck so they can pay Dagny proportionally less royalties?
9 People who should have done something else entirely
more cookie cutter boring modern pop crap,,,and comparing it to The Who is sacrilege
Because in the 'BIZ' they have no LOGOS
What actually sounded cool was when you superimposed both songs over each other one panned R the other panned L.  Could have been in same song as a call-response sort or duet.
That supertonic
And Vanilla Ice didn't rip off Queen. "It was two slightly different bass lines" LOL
"I can't even go on the internet without even checking your name" is, perhaps, allowable when you consider that popular music is the modern equivalent of ancient folk songs.  And whilst I personally prefer the sounds of Fiddler's Dram, Steeleye Span and Fairport Convention, such awkward lyrics can be excused as the existential wailing of everyday folk who, after all, don't need an education to be under the spell of emotional angst.  Grammar-Nazis might similarly go 'splodey-head over MeatLoaf's lyric in his 1986 song Surf's Up, in which he sings "how long do I gotta try?"
It seems like this is becoming more common these days.   To me the chorus of Dua Lipa’s Break My Heart sounds just like INXS Need You Tonight.
I don;t have too much of a problem with the song but I do have a problem with artists getting ripped off. I also have a problem with multiple writers being needed for a three chord pop song
Hearing Rick Beato call Never Really Over a "really well produced" song is a bit like hearing him compliment syphilis as the best of the sexually transmitted diseases.  C'mon, Rick.  This is derivative, formulaic garbage.  You're two steps away from saying so yourself.
They're both lifted from Teenage Wasteland by The Who
all bubblegum music is the same anyway tho right?   truly horrible stuff....   get us back to rock music asap please!!
I don't even understand how it can take 9 writers to write a single song, one that's not even very complex.  1 or 2 people, sure.  Maybe 3 or 4 if a whole band writes a song together.  But 9 people?  For THIS?  And I know that's common in pop these days, some songs have 14 or 15 writers to their credit.  If you want to know what's wrong with pop today, start there.  The true classics were not written by 10 people, sorry.
Hey Rick, the chorus of Never Really Over has similarities to another song I've been listening to - HAIM's Now I'm in It.  A lot of people have rightly pointed out in that video the similarities to the song I Want You by Savage Garden because both the single note melody and the tempo are so close, so it isn't a far jump for me to hear elements of either of those in Katy's song.  I guess it is kind of like covering the feel of a song without covering the song itself.  If it is done well and offers something the earlier version(s) didn't, I don't really mind much.
I'm not sure what depresses me more.  A pop music mega machine not have a single fucking creative thought in their tiny, empty, greedy brains, or that it is so easy to sell the same song to the same audience twice!
Ok, but why is katy perry the worst part on her own song?
And Lana got so much flack for her song (which is great) because of Creep. Puh-lease.
Love getting these glimpses into how your musical knowledge works. Great stuff ✌️
The who should sue
I'm ashamed that you know ANYTHING by Katy Perry. Lost a LOT of respect for you, Rick.
Hey Rick, huge huge fan and ardent student (bought the Beato Book when the pandemic started and it's absolutely incredible!). I was wondering, how were you able to upload this video without Katy Perry's team or Dagny's team claiming the video on Content ID? Is it listed as an education video or something?
Don’t go to Starbucks.   They suck.
That's kind of hilarious. So I guess you can rip off anyone you like, as long as you give them a writing credit! Quick, someone tell Led Zeppelin!  (j/k)
Great job Rick. True story. 30+ years ago I’m walking the beach and the radios are blaring. I’m hearing Bon Jovi “Living On a Prayer”. 50 yards further I crossfade to Belind Carlisle “Heaven on Earth”. Same key same tempo. I go home and literally make what I guess was at the time the first mashup of two tunes. LMAO!
So glad I’m not in that line of work. (Pro music) either you come up with crap that been done 100,000 times before or you strike gold come up with something great and it gets pilfered by a bigger name under the name “inspiration”. You have no real choices honestly at that point.  What are you gonna do? Fight it? Against someone who’s stupid rich and connected like Katy Perry or whoever you’ll lose. Even if I got tons of money I’m kind of too proud to sit back and do that. (But I’m open to try 😁)
Great info! 😀
Don’t know if you watch Todd n da Shadows but he does a top 10 year end based of what was in the top 20 all year and the top 100 pop songs of the year ( and he’s great 👍) love to hear you do something similar Rick as music snobary really pisses me off ?
Katy Perry's "song" took 6 people to write when it's really a rip-off? Well, like "Uptown Funk"-same thing.   Wtf happened to, you know, one or two ppl writing a song? Prince; John and Paul; Townshend; Dylan; Reznor; Bowie; etc.?
you don't know the meaning of sample so shut up
"They're not after me, They're after YOU. I'm just standing in their way"-Donald Trump.
Same humping songs like the rest...
Do more mash up stuff like this.  Its great.
I still agree with the whole 'quantizing is destroying pop music' concept from back in the good old days, when labels didn't like Rick.  They seem to have reached some equilibrium since...
Actually I prefer the panned Rick Beato version - it reminded me of those pop song/Monogatari remixes.
this is why dumb people should NOT even own their youtube account
Great review Rick. I just love your objectivity in all your reviews. So much to learn. And the cross references are brilliant! I think it's something every aspiring producer should have in their 'toolbox', especially in today's music space.
I hate that I'm stuck in the 80's. But...
DJ Beato in the house. That was fire when they were layered. Lol
I dunno, that one note melody grinds my ears....lol.
Pop music sucks period
I get the production value and everything, but both songs are so incredibly generic. It sounds like every pop radio song from the last 13 years. Considering the state of today's music industry, it is not really surprising it took 9 people to write this song.
What a blessing this would be as a songwriter. Katy Perry calls you up and says "will you let me copy you for a writing credit?" UM, YES?  This alone could put your songwriting career into the stratosphere. Not to mention the money. Talk about hitting the lottery...
Me: "GOD... Pop music is horrible. It's so horrendous. It couldn't possible be worse. It's complete trash!"  Rick: "This is a pretty cool pop song!"  Me: "Ya know... pop music isn't really that terrible."  Rick - 1 My musical snobbiness - 0
Lady Gaga did it with Madonnas like a prayer  too
He's mentioned that he occasionally listens to pop music, but I never thought I'd see Rick jamming out to Katy Perry-like music and talking about how great it is during a somewhat detailed analysis. He looked like he wanted to get up and dance. I fear the quarantine is getting to him.
Can we get the mashup you made? Seriously, that hook sounds AMAZING with both songs going at once!
Rick: “It’s like The Who.”  Katy Perry: “What’s a who?”
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
I like the dagny vocal better But it’s all so bubblegum 🤢🤮 Only Rick’s analysis makes this listenable
Man that song is aweful 😂
When are you going to recon with Taylor Swift?
I'm so sick and tired of the triplet figure vocals. It is so overused in pretty much every pop track these days. I find it totally annoying. It sounded interesting the first time it appeared but with literally everybody doing it it is just so lame.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
Called the Baba O'Reilly prog a minute before Rick mentioned it. High point of my day.
If Katy didn't owe Dagny $$ before today she does now - COPYRIGHT Infringement for sure.  Nicely done Rick.
This is just as blatant as how Childish Gambino ripped off the song “American Pharaoh” to make “This Is America”
Its all so Eurovision
Forensic Files, Beato style.  Love you Rick.
Nooooooooooo!!!
I should publish and sell some of my music. It’s a lot better than this crap!
PLAGIARISM AT ITS FINEST
It’s a typical drum machine, single note melody song. Very common and un inspiring. She’s got a good voice but she needs better songs!
I love how you can really love a pop song for the way it's made, truly guilty pleasure. But they're like little perfect nuggets.
Nuthin' wrong with a good Pop tune. Like eating rice cakes, a little taste and a lot of air.
All this drum machine stuff sounds the same
Now the song has 10 writers since your "version" combined the two. LOL!
Dagny's version is what my ears like.
So basically all that writing and producing talent was for cloaking smh
Do you have any public playlists on Spotify Rick? You should make some best-of lists if you don’t!
Rick, You should know better! Modern pop is un-creative waste of time and space. Instead of creating something new, they copy other music because they have no original ideas of their own. Stop listening to that crap or I’ll have to unsubscribe you! Just kidding. Keep up the good work! Pretty soon we’ll hear some new rip off of Smoke on the water. They could never copy any progressive rock or progressive metal because it’s way over their head!
A-flat major happens to be my favourite key for whatever reason.
hello dagny was credited and part of never really over check ur replies on twitter, hahaha i understand why he is not updated with things.
How “original” to copy
It's happened Rick. Every song has finally been written and we're reduced to this.
I did notice the sucking sound
Check out Camila Cabello's "My Oh My”, it's a rip off of "Llaman a la puerta", of Peruvian band Tierra Sur . Woud like to know your opinion about it.
You should do a video on "Guilty Pleasures". I guess I'd have to say mine is either Mariah Carey "You'll Always Be My Baby" or Reba's 80's song "Little Rock". LOL! (btw I hate both of these songs but I'm glad for the hills you're willing to die on) LOL!
8:14 - ha!  Cracks me up.  So true.
Katy Perry is garbage.  Unfortunately at my workplace, someone insists on playing the same radio station repeatedly, so this shite is always on.
We all have guilty pleasures. The dichotomy of Rick's background and encyclopedia of music knowlege and Rick saying he likes pop music cute like little puppies are cute but also like the Genie explaining "phenomenal cosmic power...itty, bitty living space"
Gotta admit, I like a good pop song too Rck. Virtual ear candy to me.
Rick please do a study of Level 42's song "World Machine".  A masterpiece and hidden gem!  Actually just break down that whole album 😁
Enjoy it Rick. I get it. For some reason I very much like Sofi Tukker 'Awoo.' Actually as a bass player I like the rhythm of it. It's art man! Enjoy!
I've always loved that "Katy Perry Song" ...pretty wild finding out where it actually came from. Super interesting discovery and breakdown, Rick!
Who cares? Both songs suck.
Dagny version has a touch of originality....Katey Perry version has the blandness of all her music...
Straight eighth notes on one note do not a melody make. I'm sure Rick is pushing our buttons here a little bit, but...this song is terrible.
Funny, I kept thinking, this is The Who, and then...LOL!
Rick:  "Can you actually have a melody that's one note?" Me:  "Yeah, David Bennett made a whole video about them."
Zed's dead, baby...
Once, a friend of mine became one of about a dozen principal songwriters for her a year she put out a 12 track album. Just saying.
"very catchy" - yeah, but it's definitely not something I'd like to catch, just like Ebola.
The voices of Katy Perry and Dagne and Foxes  and whatever processing the producer songwriter used on them, may as well be preset or a plug-in.  The tone, delivery and dynamics... It's like comparing a white strat and a sunburst strat. The words "inspired by" and "songwriter" are used pretty cynically  by the people involved. Copyright law ass covering, and the phone calls and paperwork involved are all game for a writing credit in this realm the pop factory. This makes me sad for art/craft of songwriting. Hideous. (And holy crap, do I hate typing on a smart phone. Lol!)
Reverse Reverb = Sucking Sound
I think the new series should be "What makes this song a copyright infringement". You'll never run out of material with the current state of pop, hip-hop and rap.
Some folks assert she has stolen other tunes as well.
This is great! I suffer from the same affliction haha....I love pop music too...would you do a top 20 or so greatest pop songs someday
Try "I Want You" by Savage Garden (1997)
I see you haven’t been keeping up on the Adam Neely videos. He was talking about the lawsuit and that Katy lost. Guess who tried to claim his video? Yup Katy. On second thought, that may have been a different song all together than what Rick is presenting here. Katy should probably stop biting peoples stuff.
bunch of incels here thinking it's hip to hate on pop music i love it
Suddenly, I wanted to listen The Who - Baba Orielly! XD
The world we live in ... where everyone has faith that there is a pandemic that constitutes Orwellian lockdowns that rip our freedoms way ~~~ oh yea,  and where “artists” sample weak songs from the past instead of sampling great songs like they use to.
This went from "This is a rip off of someone else's song" to WHAT MAKES THIS SONG GREAT episode! Hahaha love it Rick!
Darn it, Rick! You just wanted to trick me into listening to Katy Perry, didn’t you? :D
Both these songs suck. Just like everything else in 2020.
Oh p.s. Give a listen to Katy Perry's TGIF and Jessie J's Domino. Same song. Same co-writer (max Martin) Dude really doubled down on that one.
How do you put a song in protools? Does it grind up the song into tracks for you?
God I love you Rick
9 writers, yes, but not equal shares. You should know that Rick. Dagne can have 92% and the other 8 get 1% each. Also, music is a money maker. Dagne isn't complaining about getting paid twice for the same song!  Great video! Thanks for making it
So is this the first installment of "what makes this song shity?"
I was totally rocking out to that. When you panned each song to each ear, it was like a party in my head.
I'm just here to see how much hate in the comments 😂
Angle of the morning by juice Newton and Angle by shaggy check those out. Fantastic breakdown of this song
Yo it actually sounds really sick when you play both that the same time 🔥
im old, and so is this pop crap! its just that, crap. not a fing original idea between 9 people for a song, so they copy-oh sorry " really get inspired"  for dance mussak. and the sheeple will buy it...................................................................................................
This is fascinating.
I have to say I like the Dagny version better for two reasons: 1) I think Dagny has a better voice than Katy 2) I think it's sad that Dagny didn't really get the credit for this song. I mean, I never even knew who Dagny was until this video, and I certainly knew who Katy Perry was. It's a shame that such a nice song didn't propel Dagny to greater heights, because she (and her team) effectively wrote both songs.
It takes that many people to write a piece of crap like that?
This is the first time in my life I've bestowed a "like" on something with "Katy Perry" in the title....
Coming out of a single Makita speaker, it sounded like one song with 2 different vocal tracks playing at once
That is absolutely amazing!! Rick's knowledge of music theory is unbelievable!!!
Just like the Who... says a lot
At least you can back up your otherwise inexplicable love of these mediocre songs. Something I cannot do for my love of “I Love You Always Forever“ by Donna Lewis. It makes me feel like a 14yo girl again … and I’m a 54yo man!
Is What Makes this Song Great - Primus going to exist in the near future? I've never really understood why some of their songs work as well as they do; it's also a pretty popular and unique band that would make for a good video.
I think the Dagny song is better...
I LOVED this video! So many insights.
Typical current Pop song: 1. Repetitive same note 2. Big Sound effect 3. 80's sounds
Technically, from a corporate standpoint, If the original track is owned by the same company that has the rights to Katy Perry's music, it's not theft; only reusing property they already own. Which for the record happens a lot
Hey Rick, maybe cover Chris Stapleton’ Starting Over- absolutely beautiful song that gives me hope for today’ musical situation. Don’t give these pop stars any more attention than they already get
Rick, do you like pop music, or do you like pop music production? Take a pop song with some so-so production. What do you have left? Something very underwhelming most of the time.  Apply the same process to jazz or rock, and you can still enjoy the music.
Hahahahaha does it really need 9 writers? Well apparently it does! This. Could be my favorite Rick beato line!
Just cause Rick grew up eating eggs and bacon doesn’t mean he can’t get down on some captain crunch.
Your at Starbucks listening to Spotify ? Worlds oldest millennial !
Wow, just shows how the buying public are scammed i wonder how often this occurs.
Imagine that. 9 ppl needed to write a friggn pop song that already existed.  Pop music is the devil. Except Michael Jackson of course.
They both really really have a Broods sound
Wow. Not even trying to hide the fact that it’s identical. Nothing to see here except pop crap. How many people does it take to rip off a song? Nine-
Both songs are just a rip-off of Michael W Smith's Rocketown
The 315 people who wrote this song disliked this
LOL!!! 9 "WRITERS"🤣
Had me chuckling how much you liked the "Bubble Gum" - "Guilty Pleasure" song. Agreed with you pointing out the creativity of the "drama sounds" in the song.
Once people started sampling, plagiarizing pretty much became open season. Nobody even tries to hide the stealing anymore.
The problem is, none of that matters.  Actually Katy Perry's writing team didn't have to credit Dagny or anybody.  They graciously did so and actually people are getting a LOT of writing credit on this song...who probably didn't write anything at all.  They created an "arrangement."  In Songwriting/Publishing...there is a HUGE misconception that "arrangement" is "the song".  This is why the  Taurus-Stairway To Heaven suit has no legs. Song is defined by "Melody" in an instrumental and "Lyric and Melody" in a vocal piece...PERIOD.  The changes don't matter.  The key doesn't matter.  None of it matters.  You can play that chord progression all you want...and it's not "Stairway To Heaven."  If a 5 year old girl sings "there's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold" with the original melody, a cappella,  EVERYONE KNOWS it's "Stairway to Heaven."   Where is "Taurus" again?  I can sing ANY melody and lyric over those chord changes...and ... it's NOT "Stairway To Heaven"  OR "Taurus."    While Perry's team may have copied the track...it's irrelevant and NOT copyrightable as SONG.  Sure the similarity is very real and intentional in this case.    If Arrangement were Song...then everything is "Louie Louie."  "Wild Thing", "Angel of the Morning" (same writer), "Hang On Sloopy", "Guantanamera", "Game of Love".......this is ONE example...but there are countless in pop music and rock and roll.    Other examples...Joni Mitchell's studio version of "Woodstock" is the same as "Bad Company" by Bad Company...even down to the Wurlitzer...but then again "Ride Like the Wind" is the same as both...in the chords...and the bass line...it's just changed in the rhythm of the notes.   "Jet Airliner" is "All Right Now" and "Rockin' Me Baby" is "Crossroads".....  I once mused I would do a track called "Please, Mr. Postman, Give Me Gravy on My Monster Mashed Potatoes."  These two songs while they have a similar sounding track and arrangement...they DON'T share similarities in the COPYRIGHTABLE "Lyric" and "Melody".  The Marvin Gaye - Robin Thicke suit was preposterous and I can't believe it went the way it did. The "songs" have zero similarity....so now the idiot courts think a cowbell and party banter defines song?  Same with the guy who gave Tom Petty credit around that time....the "songs" are not even similar.
More leftovers courtesy of the stud known as John Mayer!! 🤣😅😂
Hey Rick! Release your mashup and tell those ladies how inspired you were.
A lot like Aerosmith (uncle salty) and shinia Twain ( man, I feel like a woman)
Terrible choreo!!!!!!
They both ripped off The Who's Baba O'Reilly!
Have you ever thought of doing Ava Max, "she's hot but she's poison?"  I think the lyrics to that song are very well written.  Plus, it's a catchy pop tune.  Heard it once on the radio and had to look it up and bookmark the video.  Sure, it's not shake spear, but it's fun!
Big Macs are pretty similar
To me, this should have been titled, "What makes this song a good alternative to waterboarding?"
I'm a big Zedd fan, but for whatever reason I cannot STAND his collaborations with Katy Perry.
Great analysis and breakdown. Many thanks for this!
Oh yeah, I hear the sucking sound. Clearly
Curious what you think of The Strokes / Billy Idol controversy, Rick.
Poor Dagny.  She might want her song back.
Rick, compare this songwriting with a song like Yesterday. One man and a guitar vs. nine writers and a computer.
Dagny was better
I miss the times when musicians in the band wrote their own songs and music, instead of just someone telling them what to play and how..... I must be getting old...
Katy Perry has a history of this. Her song "Roar" was "inspired by" "Brave" by Sara Bareilles
OUT HERE IN THE FIELDS.......
Hey Rick! How many other songs do you think these “writers” have been “inspired” by?
“This generic pop song is a ripoff of another generic pop song.”  I’m missing the element of surprise!     Great channel, by the way, sorry I couldn’t help myself. 😉
I'm hearing Tom Sawyer by Rush....
First, that 3 note beginning made me think of Baba O’Reilly immediately. Not the first song to do that.  At least Katy Perry Inc. didn’t just produce and release the song without telling Dagny Inc., then take care of it in court if Perry was sued.  So, what has Dagny done since this song?  Do you think this hurt her career?  Do you think it helped it?  What about financially? With all the writers who knows?  I think these “writers,” simply go through music similar to Perry’s style, and chose what to “write” based on taking from here and there. Wouldn’t be the first or one-hundred thousandth time that happened.  To be clear, I really don’t care for either of these songs, and the style of singing is just not my cup of tea. It makes me not even care about the lyrics.
they both sound like that Robyn song
Just goes to show there is no originally in music today. Everything sounds the same. Today's music is so boring and has no hooks or changes. Nothing but the same old repetitive noise that bores you to death.
I strongly disagree that this is a good pop song or that Clarity was the best song of the last decade. This song's chorus feels like your little baby brother hitting your over the head with a balloon sword. It doesn't hurt, but it's annoying and you want it to stop.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.  And just because you came up with something first, doesn't mean somebody else can't improve on it.  As long as the original artist is credited (and paid), who cares?  If you didn't allow improvements to an excellent idea, then technology would be dead.  In tech, you are always building on what came before.
"9 people to write this song" hahahahahahahaha
Need to revert to "My Lovely Horse".
Oh no!  The two together is  a third song.   Now there is 10 writers
I really enjoyed this episode Rick. Guilty pleasure as you say. I give typically a crap about the lyrics in pop songs, I see more the voice and the intonation of the lyrics as an instrument. But hey, they gave Dagny credit on the Katy Perry song so she get recognized monetary. For me all good here as I liked both versions... 🤠
So Who wrote what? It all sounds the same to me. Seems to me that Katy Perry, et al wrote nothing.
Everyone knows Katy Perry is actually JonBenet Ramsey.
Yep nothing new.  Katy Perry is a freak though ...and I like that.  Hit it and quit it.
9 people wrote it and its still garbage...
You should compare ET by Katy Perry and All the things she said by Tatu   She’s been doing it for years
I just cannot get into today's pop music. It's not that I hate it or am one of those "get off my lawn" grumpy old men, I just don't find myself attracted to it. I also listen to Spotify and make myself try and listen to other types of music. It worked with jazz, now I love jazz. It worked with classical, now I dig it. I suppose it's that snap beat bubblegum sterile feel I get from today's pop. I just can't do it. I will keep trying.
It's crap.
Everybody gets a writing credit!
Katy Perry’s “Roar” was also a rip off of Sara Barielles’ “Brave”.
Right before he said “It’s like The Who” I was thinking this sounds just like The Who, lol
I like the marching snares. That’s cool that marching percussion is starting to pop up in more of a mainstream sense. Thanks to that it’s gotten me on tv show performances and what not.
Popular music is just that, popular. Ear candy is sweet.
Rick, have you ever woke up with a song in your head that you’ve never heard before? It happens to me every now and then and I’m not even a songwriter. It brings the question to mind ... just maybe it’s possible to tap into a musical Astral plane. Sounds like mumbo-jumbo. Or does it???
slow it down and you can hear Call Me Maybe
Rick - this is the first time I have ever given you a thumbs down. Why?  Because doing plagiarism well, does not condone ripping off another creative work.   Great vocal lyrics and great production or not, call it out for what it is - it’s a rip off, period!
Both songs are equally nasty 😉
Well done snuffing this out
Katy Perry's first album was actually a decent pop rock album, then she went full crappy electro-pop, with only one fairly good song (Wide Awake) having been released after her first album.
I'd never heard the Dagny song, but from the little snippets played here I think she has the better voice. And to me that's more important than the quality of the production. Not that Katy Perry's a bad singer. But I get it that a rip-off can be better than the original, as unfair as that may be.
Dangy doesn’t care retire old man
And both songs sound like old Taylor Swift stuff, specially We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together and some 1989 details. And you can hear some Baba OReilly and 1D. No wonder they sound "derivative "
Serban absolutely killed that Katy mix too. Perfect production.
Love you Rick, fuckin awesome content
You should also talk about how Maroon 5 ripped off Canon in D. edit - if you havent already
This man said: i need a viral video, let's make a video of Katy Perry
Rick, I really love how you can appreciate virtually ANY song (in some regard, anyway). But, to me, it's 9 people who have a sum total of creativity and talent equal to that of one-half of Paul McCartney's right pinky finger. With a Band-Aid on it.
I generally disdain pop music as repetitive, simple, and not very interesting. Yeah, I'm a typical boomer. But I sure enjoy your enthusiasm for whatever it is that you're doing. And I appreciate how you find and articulate why a bit of music is good, whether it be the music itself or the production. Thank you sir!
when you played them in split speakers, that was "mind blown." maybe they can add you as a writer for the "remix."
Dagny’s boyfriend is the bassist in the norwegian band «Kvelertak» who opened for Metallica accross all of Europe in 2017-18. They have a lot of great arrangements and it would be cool if you did something on them here :)
8:26 From those 9 people who cowrote that song... WHO WROTE THOSE 2 LINES?!?!?!
OMG Katy Perry has cloned Rick Beato!!!   Whoever, whatever u are u look and sound like Rick Beato but we can see right through your evil plan! You're a Katy Perry bot, I bet u didn't tick ''i am not a robot' cause you're a KP robot. Will the real Rick Beato please stand up, the one that espouses the virtues of grunge, rock, jazz and all the wonders of musical theory that us mere mortals will never comprehend, and ok the occassional weird prog rock but hey we all have our weaknesses.  But this has gone too far, bring back the real RB now u fake pop loving imposter otherwise RB fans of the universe will strike at the KP fortress and tear it to the ground. You have been warned!
Guilty pleasure!!
That breathy/waily/girly vocal style is the primary reason why it's hard for me to enjoy a huge percentage of these dancy pop tunes.  They really do all sound the same to me.  Remember when Evanescence was the only band with that sound?
Rick, if you feel like Clarity is one of the best songs of the last ten years, then I urge you to check out 'Addicted to a memory' by Zedd. It's killer, the production is so freaking amazing! And in this song you can hear both his prog metal roots as well as his classical influence shine through. The latter at the end of the song, where a synth arpeggio comes in that somehow has a slight baroque feel to it, but really just a hint of baroque. If you read this, please check out the song, ypu surely won't regret it. It's a BANGER 😀😀😀
You want another example like this, of a massive pop hit taking 'inspiration' from a lesser known tune, listen to Pink's "U+Ur Hand" and compare it to the Veronicas track "4Ever", which was the earlier song of the two. The fact that both of those songs feature the same songwriters, Max Martin and Dr Luke is probably just a coincidence (!)
Who cares, unless you are keeping up with mindless bubble gum music to justify new videos.
Great to see Rick interface with some pure pop...
God bless Rick Beato!!!
Vanilla Ice should have told David Bowie and Queen he was “inspired” by Under Pressure
I just wish they did something interesting once in a while.
As a Rush geek, I always go to “stealthily attacking, By-Tor slays his foe”. When I hear the Baba O Reilly progression. Sorry not sorry!
Hi! How well do you think Room for squares would do if it came out today?
I stopped listening to Katy Perry back in 2011. Thank you for reminding me why.
It’s nice having confirmation that I’m missing nothing with pop music.
Is Rick sitting in front of a green screen?
I'm just disappointed Rick finds any inherent value in this throwaway "music". There's good pop music, and there's this junk (which took NINE (!!!) writers to vomit up).
Lol .You really listen to this crap Rick ? .
I've been inspired to make my own music channel called oteaB kciR. It might look like everything is exactly like your videos, but I promise they're mirrored so it's only inspired.
Rick I love your channel, and your videos; unfortunately I'm having lunch, and this music is about to make me puke!
Sorry but this has the same effect on me as static.............none.
bland.
At least they preempted the lawsuit and gave the original writers a cut-    If you're going to copy, at least acknowledge that's what you did.   That's more than other people would have done.    Thanks, Rick!
It all sounds the same! It has the same percussive unison lines. There is no variation. There is all the bubblegum cookie cutter crap. I love pop music, just not the stuff from the last 20 years. Give me Karen Carpenter, as no one has been able to replicate the musicality of her beautiful voice. The way she dominates all ranges, does not stay on one note ranges or even sings percussively as the crap you reviewed. 9 people taking credit to make money!!! Heck, I can say I contributed to the lyric "The" and get credits nowadays!! GMAFB!!!
Don't many pop songs sound exactly like these two songs though? There's a ton of copying going on.
As usual...excellent. Thanks.
Rick!!! I’m a Scott Henderson, Josh Smith, Robben Ford fan but you have no idea how much fun I had with my kids in this episode...even with my wife!!! Great job!!!
I see what you did there Rick. Found a way to sneak in some vegetables!  also having lots of writers makes it easier to deny you ripped someone off. We had so many people working on this!
I can't imagine two shittier songs, and I have a pretty good imagination.
Surprise! contemporary pop is recycled garbage
what a horrible song...... hurts my ears.
Only reason you can tell it's two songs when playing them at the same time is because of Katy Perry's annoying ass voice. And, who wrote those two lines? Probably Katy Perry! lmao That was her "contribution."
Yeah, nah. This is crap. (and the original was slightly better IMO)
Mr. Brightside have a nice one-note melody to ;)
Oh yuck. I just listen to some Katy Perry. I’m going to have to wash my ears out with soap. You have to draw the line somewhere Rick.
The biggest thing that turns me off from most pop and this song is that not a single drumstick was picked up by any of the 9 people involved, lmao. A two year old can push a button and create a beat just as meaningless and forgetful. Cheers!
"Never Really Over" is the first song on Katy Perry's new album. The new album is called Smile and it came out a few months ago around the same period that she gave birth to her first child.
That's a good mix / mash up!!!
Rick, big fan of yours.  I think you’d be a big fan of Jon Bellion.  Definitely check out his music.
seu velho burro da peste, não sabe o que é sample não?
Identical songs??? My sweet lord, what next???
ok but the hard pan with the songs simultaneously sounds kinda sick
These are the kind of people that also have the nerve to copyright claim / DMCA takedown small YouTubers who use their content... While they get rich copying off of each other... What a world...
I always wonder what someone with perfect pitch thinks about these song comparisons.
JabberJabberJabberJabberHEY, Macarena.
They're both okay for 30 second commercials.  Any longer & I'm fucking sick of it already.
😂😂😂 busted
Found out today that I have better taste in music than Rick Beato. 😳🤔
The problem is Rick, Your listening to the wrong stations! LOL
Are we really surprised? This listener doesn’t care so long as they can dance. Time of the signs.
that "suck" sound is the entire track.
All I hear is radio ga ga.
I worked in country music where we joked about the slow melody and the fast melody. There wasn't a lot of melodic variety. There probably won't be a copyright infringement case here either based on melodic content. Pop is very cookie cutter with the limited chord progressions etc. As long as they didn't copy the words for the chorus etc exactly probably just another case of the same things being highly produced and put out for the mindless listeners of pop music. "It had a real good beat and I could dance to it." Remember American Bandstand with Dick Clark?
I'm surprised you're surprised about this!
Plenty of 'sucking sounds'
Love it - TFS 👌🏻
No amount Beato-fication can make me appreciate this bland, derivative, generic Katy Perry song, which doesn't even have the merit of being original.   At least Haim play their own instruments, sing and harmonize , and write their own songs, why not give them some attention?  Not everything in 2020 sux, at least AC/DC gets a number 1 on the charts.
We said ''The Who'' right there, at the same time and in synch except I was maybe 2bpm faster.  So now I should sue you :)
The rhythm of the vocals makes everything grooves like it should on a song that makes the big differences... Very well Done.
Check out Steve Miller's "In the Winter Time" & Led Zeppelin's "Babe I'm gonna leave you" ..... Identical!!! Check it out..
Rick, Rick, Rick: Those are both horrible songs. Or maybe I'm a boomer that hates pop music.
9 writers, all of them completely lazy and lack any sort of creativity.
Eminem’s “Shake that ass”and Luke brain’s “shake it for me” or 1bpm of and 1 whole step off. I made a sick mashup that work great together.
And Lady Antelbellum said they never heard Alan Parsons.
Wow I'm not listening to copycat commercial perry anymore lol!
A grown man in women business...Dagny is literally credited as a songwriter in Never Really Over. She's happy with it. She's getting money from it.
Adam Neely's jazz reharmonization of Clarity is fantastic!
So it takes 9 people to write songs these days?    And here I am writing my own songs by myself like a chump.
I would like to go back in time and talk to 20 year old Rick and see how he feels about the amount of time and effort you put into this.
The cadence of that syncopated vocal gives off Savage Garden "I want you" vibes.
That groove is a rip off of the "Macarena" by Los Del Rio
I really don't know why people like this type of empty, repetitive, unoriginal shallow music but I guess it is for the mindless masses. You are way more openminded than I am, Rick!
As Toto's Steve Lukather recently said: "Today's hitsongs are written by 9 different songwriters"  "Bohemian Rhapsody was written by Freddie Mercury"
It took 9 people to 'write' this POS. LMAO. Printing money off theft. Yet youtube kills a vid if a song is playing in the background in a public place.
it's cool to see Rick put on his producers hat. Now I have a better idea of what producers actually do. When it comes to electronic pop music the word that comes to mind for me is synthetic.
Only for the computer, never to be sung live, is this where music is going! Katy Perry is bubble gum computer generated crap. Souless crap! Singing bout lost love sounds like reading an audio cue. None of her Discography b remembered after its release.
Glad Dagny got her props!
I'm not a fan of Katy Perry mostly because I'm not into her style of pop and I don't like her voice but I did find that this song was a real earworm and found myself singing along with it. Also credit to her for being upfront about the Dagny song. "who wrote those two lines?" meanwhile, Paul McCartney, "and IN this ever changing world IN which we live IN".
commenting is important. happy Thanksgiving!
really? I mean nine people, nine musical minds gather together and they came out with this history-making copied piece of music? wow I'm really impressed, I ask myself why I still listen to Queen or King Crimson or Charlie Parker or Mozart (just to name a few) when there are such good music out there... ;P
The pop music industry in general is so blatantly shameless... I long for the ”good old days” before the big publishing companies took over and ruined music.
This is a sneaky click bait episode of what makes this song great. I watched the whole thing!
Love it rick! Please analyse more pop songs (and less rock)
Two things I appreciate about Rick: 1. He can articulate the merits of even the poppiest of songs 2. He is a total zaddy
Rick, I really appreciate how you can be objective:  both what you love and what you hate about the song. I'm not a Katy Perry fan; but she does put out some good music!
The beginning of Katy Perry's "Roar" is also very "inspired by" Sara Bareilles' Brave...
These "artists", like the two Rick is comparing, may have some form of musical merit buried in there somewhere, in one way or another (i.e. Dagny's voice), but the music itself is so undynamic, uninspiring and not beautiful. Modern pop all sounds the same. It's utterly formulaic and actually draining to listen to/put up with. Aside from the obviously great sleuthing, why waste your time on this trash?  Why were you listening to it in the first place?
"Good artists borrow, great artists steal.” -- Pablo Picasso. "And sometimes talentless celebrities steal too." -- Ballet Crisis.
How does Dagny look in an Elmo tshirt?
5:44 🤣🤣
I’m not really a pop music fan, but I really like your videos that break down how pop music is produced. The little production tricks and techniques are really interesting to me. Keep making these types of videos please.
Katy perry gets "inspired" alot usually when she is lazy which is quite often. Roar is just a rip off of a sarah berelles song
I would never buy, listen, and trash, delete in 5 seconds. Love the comparison
Dude this was BRILLIANT!!
Creepy......that Rick Beato is a mad scientist that can control the speakers on my computer.
Sounds like they stole it from Prince.    1 songwriter.
Big fan of yours Rick, but that's 12 min and 45 sec of my life I wish I had back.
Ice-T to Morty Smith: “... a bad song is a bad song. “
Gdammit, now I've a Katy Perry/Dagny earworm. What's next? A pandemic? May those with cloven hooves trample the poppies of your soul Rick Beato. ;-)
He didn’t even mention the best part of the song — that descending BGV harmony on the 2nd half of the chorus.  So good.
Rick doing what he does best: tearing apart songs and explaining what makes them work (or where they actually come from...) As always - great video, great analysis!
If you are going to make a copy of something make sure it's sounds better than the other version lol but honestly, if Katy's team gave them publishing and writers share it's fine
Rick, have you checked out how pop star Doja Cat ripped off of prog metal guitarist Plini?
I want to hear her do an album of Venom covers
Rick really just tricked us into a "What Makes This Song Great" Katy Perry episode
Pop music? Ok, whatever butters your biscuit.
So basically, if you are a big artist you TELL the lesser artist you are ripping them off, give the writers credit and off you go.
What's that? A one-note melody? You mean like every song Paul wrote for Ringo?  Note to Dagny's attorneys: this video is Exhibit 1 in your copyright lawsuit.
Soulless, vapid garbage. This wouldn't last 2 seconds in my earbuds. Love the analysis and side-by-side comparison. You just saved the lawyers some billable hours.  ;^)
I equally hate both these songs nd all like them.  It sounds like one song they dabble commercials and station ID's into.
Aaaarrrrgggggg...my ears!!!
Yep, same sound Rick, it can't be a coincidence. I heard another pair of similar tunes the other day. I heard the intro of "It's my life" by No Doubt but I thought it was Post Malone's "Circles". I know, there's only so many notes to use, should we start another list ?
They both sound kinda similar to Savage Garden's 1997 song "I Want You"
They expropriated the song with just enough legal cover to make it too much trouble for the victims, especially Dangy, to sue. The victim(s) will have to pierce, after much time and expense, this cover first before getting to the heart of the matter, the theft of the song. A friend of mine calls this tactic, _"leading."_ _Lead,_ as in the metal; As in weighing down, burdening
Nine writers that blows my mind.
9 people to copy a song!!! Totally the music industry today.
I said hey baby.... take walk on a wild side.... :D
I'm amazed how people get "inspired" these days.
I'd love to see a show where Rick "Ramsays" music. Like really.
‘Rick sucking up to the Katy Perry song to avoid too much bs from her team...’Beautiful
Rick has just tricked me into listening to Katy Perry for 12 minutes. Well played, Sir...well played.
Nice video
do a what makes this song great Blind Melon
This was all over the place about a year or so ago.
I love your channel because I always discover older songs I didn’t know of before! I personally couldn’t stand Katy’s rendition of this song (not her fault, her vocals are always on point), but it just sounded so generic and boring to me. I listened to the original “inspiration” and I love the soft, haunting sound that I added it to my music right away ☺️ I really wouldn’t mind if you found more modern pop pieces and dissected them to see what great music is underneath the layers! Like I think The Weeknd’s “Secrets” has sampling from TWO of my favorite songs which I discovered after casually finding them separately, hearing the similarities and making the connection.
11:53 "does it really need 9 writers? well, apparently it does" lol
Commercial pop hits have become a really sad affair....
They should have hard panned the songs together at the chorus. Mega hit!  Thanks Rick great video. Keep them coming!
meanwhile, she's laughing all the way to the bank...
Yet another song whose melody focuses on the II in scale.
OK soooo only question Rick - why waste yours and our brain space on this shite?
And Robin Thicke got sued successfully for Blurred lines?
When the video first started I was like man, they ripped off Baba O' Reilly by The Who, then later Rick actually mentions it. Actually I think A lot of bands used the Baba O Reilly chord progression.
I’d love to hear your 20 greatest modern pop songs!
Dear........ Lord.................
Well it probably took 3 people to make that generic terrible coffee so it's no surprise that it takes 9 people to generate generic terrible pop music.
DO A SERIES PLEASE! LOVE IT!
Love Dagny - she should be more famous !
sounds like max martin to me....
Rick you are a professor of Music to me, the way you analyze a song and explains things is superb.  ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
"originality is undetected plagiarism"...it now takes 9 people to use someone else's song as a template for theirs- wow...
Boath songs are crap to me...LOL
It’s awesome that she gave credit! Take that Led Zeppelin!
How about "Rikki don't lose that number" for what makes this song great?
Don't old people know what a sample is?
Why did you make a video about Katy Perry?
Drum machine sounding Come on man
They have no melody.  The melodic rhythm is different.  So melodically there's nothing there.
I think what this outlines is pop music sucks.
I know it's weird, but for some reason these songs reminded me of savage gardens - I want you for some reason. Maybe the rhythm?
hello rick
Good god these songs are just terrible.
I just flushed one of these down the toilet. While it was beautifully constructed and produced, it was still sh*t.
I actually don’t think Katy Perry is that bad of an artist at all.  Her other songs are quite catchy.  Her other song daisies has cool vocal effects too.
9 people to write this song 😂😂😂😂
If you hear Kpop songs, you gonna get crazy. there's thousands of "inspirations" in american/britsh/european pop... it's absurd!
Cringed when you said you liked the triplet part. My god, has today's music overused that or what? It's like they just discovered they could do that and they can't get enough of it. I'm talking about pretty much every new rap and hip hop song
This reminds me of the Steve Vai Bangkok incident 😄
If you like pop music like this, check out some Synthpop like PRIZM. Those ladies can produce, and sing!
Here in Argentina, a cuarteto band (Kapanga) ripped of the guitar solos from Highway Star
I just love to see the pure joy on mr. Beato while he listens to music. It is almost as catchy as the songs on this channel.
Love this breakdown Rick! Love that despite your background and heritage you still unashamedly love pop! I'm the same and can appreciate great songwriting and production regardless of the genre.
Her "voice" sounds like something that would come bundled in some MIDI software package.
Kek KatyCats are literally triggered just because u said she copied that song
I wish you wouldn't spend time with this over produced "dance hits" content. There's far more interesting options to my ear.
Lol. Wow, pop is so terrible now you've got horrible copying awful. If you're going to analyze this dreck, you may as well do some disco. Maybe some 1970s Donna Summer and Bee Gees. At least one can sing without loads of auto tune and the other wrote their stuff themselves. And both have real instrumentation and arrangements where analysis might actually reveal something interesting. Lol
Ha ha Katy is always inspired by other singer. lol
Clarity is a great song, always said that
Are you too old to check the truth? Or are you just so hateful of a successful  woman?
Very similar too 90s hit ...savage gardens ...i want you 🤔
Lemme stop you right there, Dagny, the composer of Love You Like That is the co-writer of Never Really Over, since Katy herself asked her if she could sample her song. Dagny is fully credited in NRO and she is part of this composure, even Katy Perry gave Dagny exposure revealing that her inspiration was her and that people should stick arround for Dagny.  You are just spreading lies that Katy Perry copied this, and shall be deleted, becuse of the certain evidence that there was in fact, no copy at all and that the composer accepted that her song can be sampled for the rhythm of the theme in particular.  Waiting for Capitol Records to copyright this.
Did Rick just trick us into a Katy Perry WMTSG?!
Hey - I just transcribed our lips are sealed by the GoGo’s and that’s also in Ab maj 😁
It took 9 people to write this rather simple 4 min song that's practically a copy of another song, when Tony Banks wrote all beautiful 10 minutes of goddamn One for The Vine completely on his own, music lyrics the whole shebang, and he manages to do 1000x more on his own with BOTH lyrics and music than the 9 people writing for Katy Perry.  it's like they aren't even trying....
Zedd? I thought Zedd was dead.
Which version did you like Rick?   You said all these nice things about it at the end of your video. So which song?  Katie's or Dagny's ???
Rick, you are my favourite YouTuber, but this video should really be more about the question you touched on at the beginning and end: "what can you say about the value of a pop song that is so significantly lifted from another?" It's important to make the distinction between that type of (sorry, but in my opinion) moral plagiarism, and the more traditional "homages and influences" that other songs show. The conversation we should all be having is "why aren't we demanding more of these 10 or 11 incredibly well paid music writers/producers/pop stars, if you can get basically the same song from a different group of people who are making a fraction of the money"
why bother copying when the original is better?
That is crazy 🤯, both songs are great and catchy but i enjoy the Dagny song more, the Katy Perry song is a bit annoying to me.
Sorry but I don't listen nowadays rubbish in radio. Music ,news are crap and fake
katy outsold
That's just not music, or musical.  It's mostly fabricated, engineered, altered, coordinated and assembled noise or sound, even with the vocals.  The vocals are so overproduced, they might as well be cg.
I don't get the point of this video except to point out how some high profile writers/producers somehow found a way to legitimize plagiarism. And honestly I don't care how good Katy Perry's version is, doesn't matter. Her and her team of writers just suck. Not their first lawsuit for copyright infringement. Rick did a video on the other song she got sued for not too long ago. I just hate it. At what point do we draw the line and how many songs do those artists and writers have to steal before we label them as impostors and stop hiring them or buying their music? Gross.
who wrote that line? probably someone in marketing for katy's label, and probably uncredited because of their contract xD
The irony is that “Never Really Over” is a copy of a copy. Both songs are just “Baba O’Reilly” by The Who but with extra steps
Rick has lost it, satan's music dude!
Like Rick said,  the song reminds me of Who's Baba O'Riley. However, to me, the chorus is also reminiscent of Macarena by Los Del Rio.
She not copied, it's sample. She sampled the song and gives the all credits..
How can you accuse Katy perry of stealing a song when all pop is exactly the same these days, all garbage.  Well produced? Great song?   Wth!?!?   You're a sellout
I am thinking Rick lost a bet with some of his music homies, and this video is the result.  :)
Sounds like  Cherry Cola by Savage Garden.
I know this will probably get drowned out by the huge amount of comments, but love that you strayed into territory I never thought I'd see on your channel without you panning a song like this. Your analysis is spot on as usual. Would you ever think of doing some analysis on actual dance music, like Armin van Buren, Above & Beyond, Paul van Dyyk. I could really see you pulling some of those songs apart well, I've always liked that genre as the best tracks seem so simple, yet the melody always seems to grab me. Not expecting you to do it, but it would be a pleasant surprise if you did, I didn't expect this one!!!
I love the Great series. Wish you did more pop music!
God I hate pop music.
Rick are you ok ?..lol ... spending time on this 💩....
@11:32 I can accept this assessment.
I must disagree: both songs are absolute garbage to my ears. To each their own.
Does Rick ever do anything with M. Jackson "Thriller"?  I would love to see a breakdown of that by him/you.
Love you, Rick, but....🤢....but if I'm choosing one of these songs it's Dagny's. If only because, presumably, she wrote it. Methinks there may have been more originality in the Starbucks coffee you were drinking. Cheers...
Neither song is really that good. Massive (over)production but with very little at its heart. C'mon Rick!
Rick tries his best to be positive about the good points of new pop music, but really, it's mostly crap, typically misusing the latest music software to create glossy vacuous drivel. It's the musical equivalent of someone making tacky pictures using photoshop, using every special effect available.
Sounds like same old generic throw away radio crap :-)
It's sounds like a remix when you play both together, one in which the voice is used like an instrument, because, of the words melding together and become more like sounds than actual words..
I doubt Katy Perry wrote any of that song. She probably insisted on writing credits in exchange for performing it.
What makes this song great: Katy Perry.
I prefer Katy Perry's song. Its unoriginal, but the producers took a decent song and made it sound a lot better. I wish they were more transparent about who they were ripping off though.
How do you monetize these type of videos?
And that...ladies and gentlemen is why I cannot remember the last time I heard a new song or bought a new song in the past 10 years. In fact the past 2 or 3 songs that are “new” to me are from Rick reviewing his past producing skills...ie Cardinal Motion etc. I have a niece on my brother-in-laws side that had a #1 hit in Australia in the 2000s. Her song writing skills were very good, and the record company knew that, but always decided to ‘offer’ her assistance in changing a lyric here and there. The song now becomes a company effort and so do the royalties.
Wow Rick this Pop stuff has never had an iota of my respect. At least now after, again learning even more form you, I can be  more tolerant. I don't think appreciative is gonna happen but I'll stop cussing when I have to switch the station because something slid into my rock station's playlist again.
9 COPYwriters
Agreed it's a great production. Ok It reminds me of "I Miss You" by Clean Bandit, ft. Julia Michaels. Granted that's in Eb and not Ab but it's so similar. As is much of today's pop music. Pretty soon, it's will all just be 1 song with words changed here and there and everyone with be given credit for songs because it's "inspired" by the previous song. ;) It's the rhythm that makes all this stuff so fun. Ok, to be fair I was in a band a few years ago and we did a mashup of  "The City of New Orleans", "Bad Moon Rising", "Peaceful Easy Feeling". Put them to a similar rhythm and bada bing bada boom. A medley of "pop" tunes.
Rick, could you please do either a Tonic/Emerson Hart or David Hodges song?  They are both great singer/songwriters that play actual music.
Ya total copy! The MIX with the 2 at the same time is WAY BETTER than each song individually!
If Beaker from the Muppets sang a song.
Should do some "what makes this song great " of a guthrie song or Jason becker.
Listening on a mono system when he hard pans the 2 tracks and they both came through pretty clean which means there's almost no phasing between them. That's halarious!!!
It isn't a "rip off"! It's a "tribute"!
7:40 I love seeing you enjoy stuff! 😃
Katy literally sampled the song and gave Dagny full credit... stop making up fake accusations for clout
9 songwriters and yet they still can’t come up with something original 🤦🏻‍♂️
The problem with these songs is the vocals always sound so robotic and lifeless, likely due to over use of autotune and beat matching techniques.
So, what's the problem? Nobody was harmed, nobody was robbed of anything. Everybody got credit, everybody got paid. You might as well call a straight up Cover a rip off.
Fucking pop music 🤦‍♂️
Great video, would've loved to get more in depth in the Dagny song
I really think you are onto something there playing one song in the left ear and the other in the right.  They should make THAT song.
Rick, I have to question this. You can't copy a rhythm or a chord profession, it's all pretty standard fare, and the melody is basically a monotone. I don't see how they were really copying anything substantial.
Rick turned into a dj really quick
Hi Rick. That's a really interesting comparison! I have to admit I hadn't heard either track until now. The only point I questioned was where you pointed out a great falsetto; it all sounded heavily pitch-corrected from this end.
I've got one on here in Bbmajor lol Can't seem to right a dance song though lol guess ill try Ab
I love the machine Rick is using. It is almost like a DNA comparison. Lol
Call me old, but modern pop composed and polished to mathematical perfection using audio software has the charms of a CNC machined piece of metal. Dare I say that even pop from the 80s, albeit cheesy at times, simply has more soul under their cold synths or brash saxophones than what I'm listening to in the radio today? Same with modern architecture - calculated mostly, efficient and thus soulless
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭 plssss
Copied?. 😂😂😂Maybe because Katy gave credits to dagny, she used similitudes of the song? 😂😂😘You are so ridiculous, trying to throw shade to Katy perry... Stupid man
The Eagles are gonna block this video because it contains sound and Hotel California also has sound as well.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭 plss
Q: What Makes This Song Great?  A: Rick talking about it, not the 9 people it took to write it.
Nah
You were reading my mind, I was listening and saying "That's The Who". And then you said "That's The Who"! Ha!Ha!
What's wrong with you!!!??  :)
Audio Forensics is a bitch. Nicely done Columbo Beato. Love it!
Actually, they sound great together, hard panned.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭 plssss
The chorus sounds like nacho libre constipated pushing hard, when he says "come on baby" but looped
I cannot take my eyes off those six LPs in the 3:30 o'clock
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭 pls
lmao imagine splitting a song credit with 8 of your friends by speeding up an existing song. at least dagny got a credit on a song thats hopefully going to net them some royalties from a higher visbility artist? kinda sucks tho that dagny has to split it with 8 other chumps
Is this a “What makes this song great”? Katy perry edition?! 😁🤘
Brutal
I looks a lot like scientific publications...9 authors for one rip-off after another rip-off
Marching snare sounds like its from Virtual Drumline, plugin from TapSpace. You can hear it in a Beyonce song as well as my favorite, the soundtrack to Monsters University.
You could tell this was going to go badly as soon as you mentioned "pop station"
Same old crap over and over. Blech.
I would sell my car to come record with you.
10:27 "It's like the Who."  Except it's not, though.
Rick, you have done so much for my appreciation, understanding, and passion for music production over the past few months.   I find myself thinking about things when I listen to music that I never even knew to listen for.   One of the best and most educational channels on YouTube, period.
Dagny and the writers of Love you like thag got credits for Never Really Over. So what is the exact problem here? I wouldn’t call it “copied” when they get credits for it. Seems just a bit dramatic and unnecessary to be honest.
video sponsored by starbucks
Well that's the problem with pop the area of creativity and improvement is far too short for this genre.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭 pls
Katy outsold
I'm sick of the one note singing.
You know Rhett stole your Gold Top with p90’s right? 😉
can’t wait for the day you, a professional musician, learn about Sampling/interpolation
Both are cliché, neither are outright bad, but Dagny seems a little more genuine. Maybe because I've already heard all of katy perry's biggest hits, or maybe I'm just biased now that I know the story behind Never Really Over. That being said, with my live sound background, I can tell they (maybe zedd and whoever did the mastering) thought about how katy perry's version would sound on a well tuned arena or stadium concert set up--I can really tell how they WANT it to feel in the air... Dagny's sounds more like something I'd hear out of someone's bluetooth speaker on the beach playing volleyball.
Shouldn't this be a "What makes this song great"? 😆
@9:20 ....Baba O'Riley
This also sounds like a mix of several songs from Taylor Swift's '1989' album!  Then again, what about the 'Blues Scale' and literally *hundreds* of songs sounding very similar?  By the way, there's a wee typo in the video discription ;-)
Let me tell you a little story about a band called Led Zeppelin...
Roar and Brave by Sara Bareilles sound the same, too.
Hard panned, left and right, and everything is right up the center except the vocals lol.
Or nine persons to write one song?
But can we all agree never really over is the best song released in 2019? And it should have gone number 1
It took 9 writers to write a song that was already written and recorded???  Sheesh...even I can do that! lol....
never really over by Katy Perry is a sample of Dagny's I love you like that. She said that she was very happy to be working with Katy Perry and for being a part of never really over
This sounds a lot like what Ray Parker Jr. did with Ghostbusters by ripping off I Want A New Drug of Huey Lewis and The News
I know he appreciates the production value of the Katy Perry version but I can't help thinking anything from her is garbage. Sorry.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
She sampled the song, even the writers on dagney song are also credited on never really over, stop spreading false info.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
Nine people to write a rip off?
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
It would be interesting but probably impossible to compare different eras in pop music.  We mock music now for 9 writers (mostly because its two songs). But haven’t writing teams and studio musicians been around im music forever?  At least now more people get acknowledged instead of being left off for various reasons.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
Rick is so complimentary ... he is able to find some redeeming quality in every piece of music. If it was up to me, I would just call this song a piece of ****. I am sure the original writers were paid off or compensated in some way.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
I am going to have some hate for this but the beatles wrote: Hey Jude, don't make it bad Take a sad song and make it better Remember to let her into your heart Then you can start to make it better rhyming make it better with make it better doesn't make hey jude lyrics better than the Katy Perry one. By the way I love "Hey jude", and this is the first time I hear about the katy perry song but I felt like bitching around a little bit.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
you should prepare to be an expert witness!
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭 this is so embarrassing pls😓
I have NO respect for this over produced kind of crap. When you need 4-5-6-7-8-9 co writers,and 3-4-5 producers. No melody to speak of. Regurgitated ad nauseum. I can write a better song as long as I it takes to physically write, meaning possibly fifteen minutes . It may take a half hour to come up with milquetoast lyrics . Less than an hour total. Find a singer-1 good producer ,and you have a hit. Talk about dumming down music . Paul Simon one writer-one producer . Beatles one or two writers - one producer . Rick is a great multi instrumentalist ( not like many pop stars that are called multi instrumentalists because they may know three or four chords on guitar,piano,root-five bass lines,and a 2/4 backbeat ... Maybe I’m just not as open minded as Rick ( I’m not ) . Ironically we both grew up in Rochester ,New York. The Eastman School etc.
Katy Perry never created  anything interesting, so no surprise. One big fake.
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
Rick you have distortion on your mic for the whole vid? Sounds good
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
WTF how can someone who is supposed to be a "professional" can't do any research before making a video like this ... they are credited and the singer even tweeted about the NRO since she was involved in it😭
Uggh.. bubble gum music. Simpletons
Robyn = writer X
I love Dagny 😁 "Wearing Nothing"
Great video Rick, for a musician and for a producer is important to understand and analyse also pop music. And sometimes it is not so bad pop music
Good grief. I'm sorry call me a snob or whatever, but I cant stand this garbage.
The production sounds super-real, which can be cringeworthy. Like sugar coated sugar :)
i think u should do research before doing a video acusing someone of copying another song... dagny is credited on katy perry's song as a creator and dagny herself thanked katy for using her song as an inspiration...
She credited the original writers and producers you old hag
why you bother with these nothings?
Katy sampled the song. She told that in the interview and she contacted Dagny. She even credited Dagny. So, do the research next time.
It is no different from a repost for karma.  Someone takes a post that may not have  gotten the traction it deserved.  The new poster may have a better understanding of the when and where to post, and profit off of it.  Pretty lazy and sleazy, but that is the pop formula.
👍
You are aware that she sampled the song right?
And both songs are terrible
There is no-one else on YouTube who can deconstruct a song with the passion and insight of Rick Beato
You’re a professional but don’t know anything about Sampling?? Yeah maybe it’s time to hang it up old man
They literally asked permission though. That’s the reason it has so many co-writers. It’s the people who wrote Katy’s song AND Dagny’s song all credited.
Pointlessly attacking someone for views
Katy Perry also got inspired by t.A.T.u when she was singing E.T. Check the song "All The Things She Said".
She credited the writers
You suck for doing it. Do you know how much hate Katy had to go through the witness Era? Do you know she was constantly  bullied for everything  she did no matter what? Do you know she almost killed herself and people made fun of her because of that live in which she opened her heart to people? Do you know she had to take medicines and that she has been  constantly facing hate for the past three years? You suck for it, nobody should ever spread hate!  Love and light.
Never Really Over samples the Dagny song and all the original writers were credited. You’re supposed to be a « professional musician » it’s great to do researches before doing this kind of video !
meh.. since the days of M - Pop Muzik to today it's never changed. pop, is nothing but constant ripoff.. how you explained it on the keys, is klingon to them, they generate what the computer does, then manipulate a beat from it. or start with a stolen template as in this case...now ask yourself... who wrote Bohemian Rhapsody? ONE person, Freddie Mercury!!!! 9 people, you mean engineers
Dagny IS LITERALLY CREDITED AS A SONGWRITER IN NEVER REALLY OVER
My question is: did Dagny get paid, or was she taken advantage of?
Ahhh... your good Rick,no doubt about it😁
stop lying
Antonio Carlos Jobim wrote an entire samba based around a single note.  What drives me nuts about songs like this is the heavy reliance on repeating the word over in all its contexts. It just sounds lazy. The fact that it took 9 people and still sounds lazy from that standpoint is also annoying.  Now I'm with you on the instrumental and production side of things that is expertly employs all thos cool tricks to elicit an emotional response. For that I applaud the writers of both songs. However, the lyrics of both songs so8nd phoned in to me which feel like an injustice to the music.  Jobim actually mad fun of the simple melody within the lyrics as well as the nonsensical things that can be said over complex melodies within his lyrics, which is why One Note Samba is such a clever song. I feel the writers of this/these song/songs missed his point (if they've ever heard) Antonio's song.  Modern pop music is so bad because its all flash with no, or very little, substance.    Of course I'm not a lyricist so I can appreciate how difficult it is to write something good. But it seems to be gone the days of "Everybody Wants to Rule the World", or "You Get What You Give". You know, songs that are accessible and catchy,  but still have something to say.
wtfo?!
To be fair Perry ain't the brightest bulb and like most pop stars these days probably has nothing to do with the actual writing of the music or lyrics.
Oh dear lord, they are both terrible.
Really hate Katy Perry's singing but the instrumentals on almost every song I hear of her's are really good and catchy. I agree with Rick about this being a good song. But I think what turns me off to it is I have little confidence the vocals aren't edited in the extreme. It's like a movie shot incredibly except for the cgi. It pulls me out of the experience.
OMG DID YOU FOUND WHAT IS A SAMPLE CONGRATS!
Pop music is like candy or fast food, bad for you, absolutely no redeeming qualities objectively but it hits that sweet dopamine spot in our caveman brain
That’s a HUGE number of people to “write” Katy’s song. Especially since the homework was mostly already done.
Marilyn Manson lifted the beautiful  people intro, from A Suzi Quatro song and dont get me stared on livin in the eighties!
How do you consider yourself a musical expert but you don’t know what sampling workss....and wich 90% of the songs nowdays use atleast one sample
This is a great example of why I, as a 50 year old rock, jazz, blues, reggae fan, cannot stand pop music.
It's not the first time Katy Perry has ripped off someone else's song.
OK so that's 1,4,6,4 in Ab and never ever never . see you in the charts LOL
91/2 cents per song... 1 penny per writer...
The click tracks really set the KP song apart...
You mention The Who. Do you know about the death threats they got from One Direction fans who thought they copied Best Song Ever?! Hilarious!
Love the Dad joke about Aflat minor!
Hmmmm... kind of like Jimmy Page copying Jake Holmes' "Dazed and Confused"
I think you hit it on he head at 3:45 when you mixed them. that should be the new song (the two mixed together)
Is anybody actually surprised that Katy Perry and her ilk can't write a decent song on their own?
The rhythm of the lyrics sound like “I Want You” by Savage Garden.
Solution: Release a third song where the remix both songs into one track.
I like that song
Watching this video means that I just listened to more Katy Perry than the rest of my life combined.
Pop music is a plague It killed rock musick
it took "9 writers" because Dagny and her team are credited on NRO... zedd like the beat and contacted dagny she even was involved in the process of making NRO and tweeted about it
Bit like Ed Sheehan...takes 6 of em to be able rip off someone else...
you have to understand that with the lie it doesn't go to the end more than that the computer the laptop and the automatic phone can figure out if that person is singing Or lying You have to understand this
She learned it from Vanilla Ice.
STFU, do some research before making sh!t videos, dangy has a credit on katy's song she aslo helped making the song, and we knew that before the song even was released the next time do some research before releasing these videos
she sampled it, not copied. She credited Dagny and her team in the NRO credits.
Did you even check the writers credited on the song? You're such a joke using her name for visits 🙃
There´s no life in this songs, but i try to appreciate them, in the production point of view
It’s a sample of Dagny’s song. Delete
Thanks again Rick...  We all enjoy our guilty pleasures!!!  This bubblegum ain't mine tho!
They gave credits - doesn’t seem that bad to me - seems fair
I love ya Rick, and I liked the video...but that song blows!
Oh MAN!  I don't usually comment, and I'm primarily a disciple of Rick's for his educational content (he really has taught me a ton and I've increased both my playing and knowledge of theory immensely from his tutelage), but your joy and appreciation for this song, which would NEVER have crossed my radar, really made me smile.  Thanks, as always.
Rick: Copied music, not even inspired. Also Rick: Love this very well made. Also Rick: Terrible lyric writing Rick literally the next second: Love this part
please do research... dagny is credited on this song bc its a fucking sample and they were making never really over together and dagny was happy about this
Gives me a headache
Rick low-key just wanted us all to hear his badass mash-up
let her live wtf is wrong with y’all still trying to bring her down🤐🤐🤐
Reminds me of how similar Animals by Adam Levine and Centuries by Fall Out Boy are.
*@**10:59** is my favorite part of the arrangement. That descending BGV harmony is soooo pleasing against the single note melody. Everything is sooo locked; great video, man!*
To me, most pop music these days sounds the same, no matter who is singing.
I enjoy watching Rick figure out what the dog had for breakfast. This song makes me think of standing in one of those long stupid lines in O'Hare, with my headphones out of juice, waiting to pay $7 for a bottle of water. It's 21st Century Elevator Musak. Bought the Beato Book btw. VERY interesting!
wow. and i thought i was good at diving into data and calling bluffs.
I try to respect all music, but.... not this
I really love Ricks vids and his talent , ....but this pop stuff kills sperm.
you just made perfect remix
Katy Perry..well that says it all doesn't it?
Both songs are garbage.
'Cause I can't even go on YouTube  Without even popping Beato up.
Love ya Rick. Good episode. But, Man this is disheartening and sad as a songwriter. This " music" , either song, suuuuuucks. But, hey I'm just a guy without any hits. Complaining about someone else, more successful than me.
it's like the who ...loove it
The marching percussion drum line snare drum sound is rarely pointed out, but quite prevalent in this prechorus, and too many others.
I really don't know how anybody could stand to listen to this kind of stuff Rick
Nine people to make a song... that has already been made 🙄
This is Benny Hill Show :)
There's something really wholesome about watching this guy enjoying this kind of music
Sweet Baby Jesus those songs SUCK no matter who's performing them...goddamn that's like grabbing the carton of milk outa the fridge, taking a big swig only to realize it's spoiled!
Oh Rick, I was with you right up to the moment you said ‘it’s like The Who’ 😳
Always watch your videos, but had to leave a 'dislike" because of the Click Bait.
I wanna be hopeful and say Mr. B hates pop and is saying that the Katy Perry song is good just because he wants to destroy the pillars of the pop empire, deceptively. You know, by pointing them in the wrong direction. "That one-note melody is good!", how he just skipped ridiculing the utter garbage 9(!) songwriters came up with, "amazing falsetto!" as if he didn't know that was all autotune and such and such HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH Mr. Beato you are a true legend. I actually do respect you more for not going in on the absurdity of it all. I feel it lets the audience decide for themselves? Art IS subjective, after all.  :)
Rick, I love your channel, but the Perry's song isn't better. You say well produced, thats just more crap crammed into the song. Dagny proves less is more with the pauses and empty spots.
Doja Cat did this to Plini’s “Handmade Cities” with her “live performance” of “Say So” lol
I wonder how many RnB song writers it takes to change a lightbulb ? One to tap a beat at 120bpm, one to wail and moan that the light went out, another to make a whoosh sound, and another 10 to figure out what a light bulb actually is.
Right when I was going to refer to The Who, you nailed it. Thanks for that lol
please sue her for plagiarism and get your ass beaten in the court like how the one person who claimed dark horse was copied. katy perry have had enough of this bullsh't. y'all hated her to the point she wanted to commit suicide and now when she started off a new album with never really over, it sounds like a copy to you when it's actually not!!! sir go get your medicines on time.
And don’t tell me K.P.’s chorus (hook, whatever) don’t sound almost just like that one hit by Savage Garden..... (The late 90’s says you’re welcome 🤪🎉✨).
Pop stars are less artist then they are cash cows for their record labels
I heard the words: "song", "producer", "writer".. Let's not get ahead of ourselves here Rick, these are the wrong words to describe this pile of hot crap. :D
lmfao
Hey Rick, perfect catch to start What Makes This Song Great POP radio music version and put out your 10 or 20 Best of All Times List 😉👍
Rick, check out Ryn Weaver's album "The Fool" sometime. One of the most interesting pop albums released in a long time.
Plaigiarising Perry - her new tattoo. 😃
I hope Dagny got paid 4 dat!!!!😳😳😳
Clarity by Zedd, now That's a song that stands out. And of course Baba O'Riley by the Who. Nothing further, your honour.
5:43 hahaha he's so satisfied with that joke. So are we :)
Not the first time you hear Katy Perry plagiarize parts from other artists where the ”inspration” is a little too obvious to be called just inspiration. Listen to ’Chained to the rythm’ & then to Jessie J:s ’Price tag’ for example. Maybe not the whole song but parts..
Add "Out of the Woods" by Taylor Swift to this list. I only know that because my daughter is 13...
Sounded best when both songs played at the same time to be honest.
I don’t understand why she wouldn’t just sample the song?
What if the tables were turned? What if Dabney was inspired by Katy Perry song, would it be so simple as to write a letter to Katy perry and say hey I was inspired by your song, you get writing credits....  hahaha hell no they’d shut it down
Hey Rick, you just made a third totally new song with panning. You should release it. ;)
Guilty pleasure lol
Wasn't Katy Perry in court recently crying about someone one playing the same sound as her but she's ready to do it herself thief !
Here’s reason #364 that Rick is a boss: unapologetically admits he loves pop.  He doesn’t care what people think;  his expertise in music theory can’t help itself but recognize effective music making, regardless of genre.
Sweet find that's what happens when you've got keen ears
Hey Rick, welcome to the year 2019!
Nice, would love to hear your thoughts on some The Weeknd or Billie Eilish songs.
Let's talk about that John Entwistle bass tone...
Teenage Wasteland!
'Clarity' the greatest song in the last 10 years says a lot about music quality of the last decade
Next time analyse some real music again Rick! Thank you!
It is almost impossible to listen to this 'music' without swearing and hitting the Mute button, until Rick starts talking...
This is the most savage "What makes this song great?" I've ever heard 😂
You have to make a string of "separated at birth" analysis videos, "What makes this song great is sounding like this great song"
no Pride ,no Integrity..boycott the b'ch
Saying that Zedd song is one of the best songs of the last 10 years says a lot about Rick's taste.
Everything about both these songs is why I hate pop music...  and then you told us all why we hate pop music.    That’s pretty meta Rick.
Why is this not “What Makes This Song Great But Not That Great”
Because Rick is pure class, he still finds a way to celebrate both artists and the production team.  Love this guy.
maybe its a piece of a musical puzzle
9 people to write this - and there's probably a free app that would do it better
3:38 an awesome pop overture
Yuck.
I didn't mind some pop music bitd like Cyndi Lauper (I'm a hard rock/metal fan) But todays stuff is way overproduced imo
More forgettable pop tunes that'll be completely lost to the ether in the not-so-distant future. It's not that it's bad, it's just that it has no substance.
Would you agree that the rhythm of the vocals is a characteristic of "trap" music? Which I guess is a part of today´s pop.. I thought about it instantly but you didn´t mention and I wondered why. Cheers
Thanks Rick such a nice detailed explanation,  people like me who doesn't know much about music also could understand your analysis, its a good learning for me
"maybe writing in A flat is the key to writing dance hits"... I would argue writing for piano and synths in A flat is beautiful for anything from classical, contemporary to pop and electronic.. it's the sweet spot.
It all sucks
Awful music. All of it sounds the same to my ear? I don’t hate pop music either
Foxes is awesome.
This is why I hate pop music...generic rewrites for decades using the same formulaic techniques to brain wash people with.
ricks getting sued haha
The synth and the rhythm also remind me of pull me closer by the chainsmokers, also in Ab major
I like Rick's DJ mixing skills.
Did Dagny actually get paid for this?
Dagny: I will not allow my artistry to be ri...... wait, how much....okay I believe in sharing.
Nice analysis, Rick. In the 50s and 60s almost all slow dance songs were 1, 6, 4, 5 progession. By Dion, Rickt Nelson, Elvis, Shirelles, Ronettes, etc.  But the kids (me) dug the tunes and had fun listening to them. They were some of the first songs I learned on the guitar and could play along with them on the radio. Made me learn how to play in different keys, too.
I scrolled down all the way to check, and interestingly no one mentioned Rick's Les Paul collection kept diminishing by one, then reappearing moments later.  Do I win something??
Kudos to Dagny... who wrote a song SO good, that it inspired some of the best pop producers and songwriters in the world to copy the notes, rhythms, chords, and sounds. But the SOUL of the Dagny song - the sheer joy in it - could not be copied.
Omg this song, sure it's well produced, but it SUCKS. Polished turd.
this is like the stairway to heaven case, but actually trash music this time.
More Tool
Come on Rick,don't bother with that crap
Just a few seconds before you mentioned The Who I thought exactly of that one of their tracks. Never thought of it before! Anyway, even as a big fan of Katy Perry I avoid listening  to Never Really Over; to me, that synthetic staccato sound is just unpleasant.
With the hard panning, it sounds like a dance track levered into musical theatre.
As a die-hard Ramones fan (especially the songs written by Dee Dee) some of my favorite songs have absolutely inane bubble gum lyrics. I agree. Steak is nice, but some days all I want is a corporate drive thru hamburger.
Let’s be honest, most of these commercial pop hits are repackaged copies
I do admire Rick's optimism surrounding pop music despite how most of us probably think it's rubbish
Do you think songs like this would actually be really good if it had real players recording in a real analog way? I wonder if songs like this are a little less “human” because of the songwriting, or because of the recording method. Either way it’s definitely high quality sounding
Songwriting credits are about money. They should be about input but c'mon....David Letterman didn't call them music industry weasels for nothing.
This crap is why I still listen to Foghat.
Or hey, how about, dah...dah daah..."Out here in the fields...I fought for my meals!"
It's what happens when you have production line music written like advertising jingles.
Lazy, uninspired crap piece of poop music
My question is why does it take 9 people to write any song?  Let alone a repetitive,  boring,  banal piece of nursery rhyme music like that ?
No point in Megan Davies doing a mashup of these two songs.
Hey, Rick, have you ever noticed the "similarity" between Zeppelin's "Going to California" and Pearl Jam's "Given to fly"? It's far from being so obvious as this case, but it looks a step ahead of "being inspired" as well...
Jimmy Page and Robert Plant don't see any problem here.  Seriously though, since they credited the original songwriters, is it really a "rip off"? It's not a cover and they both have different banal tween pop lyrics, so let 'em all share credit for it. Neither song is something I could listen to through to the end, same as this video-sorry Rick.
Ps: IS THIS THE FIRST EPISODE OF , " WHAT MAKES THIS SONG SUCK"? It should be...
This reminds me of the time that guy David Bowie stole that guitar riff from the great Vanilla Ice.
There are 6 Gibson Les Paul; then, at 9:10, there are 5.
Katy Perry's song sounds like any of the songs on "Victorious", the Nickelodeon show with Victoria Justice. (Where Arianna Grande got her start.)
"Out here in the fields...."
all good
Pop hits just LOVE to live on the second, don't they?  Lotta seconds in pop choruses these days.  I like it too, but I'm getting fairly tired of it.
katy perry: hey, that fully-written song sounds cool! *gets co-writing credit
Well great video, but I would have to disagree. Dagny song is far superior
Now I can be openly honest and say I like a lot of pop songs coz if Rick says its cool   :-D
It takes about 7 people to "write" a pile of garbage copied from another pile of garbage....! Sorry but its disposable SHITE.... ITS money that changes hands how they get away with it...no originality whatsoever....  9 PEOPLE TO WRITE NOTHING!! " ZEDS's dead baby, ZED's dead" ...Pulp Fiction...
Not the first time.  Hear Sara Barralie’s Brave and Katy’s Roar.  Now that I’m thinking about their, didn’t Natasha Bedingfield pioneer this sound?
Great steal by Katy and her brigade. NOT. Dagny's original is much better, especially the vocals. Dagny can outsing Katy any day. And that's a fact 😉
Rick will be fielding offers from writers, producers and labels, he just posted the best resume possible showing what he knows and can do.  Now TEN writers!
A number of modern, worthless pop songs do this. One that comes to mind is a song by the band Walk The Moon that takes its guitar intro directly from a U2 song. This trend in modern music is shameless, and is evidence of how little creativity currently exists in popular music.
Absolutely cannot listen to pop music!
Sounds like literally every post 2010 pop song. Unremarkable.
There is an article about how Dagny inspired Katy Perry. So no, she did not copy her period.
Very annoying squeaky vocals, like 3,000 other female singers in pop.
what makes this album great - electric wizard dopethrone - please consider
Why does this video feels like the label who hired the nine people to copy this track hired Rick to soften the absurdly formulaic cliche corporate drivel. It probably will not be demonetized.
It's perfectly okay to love pop music even if it's simplistic and shallow (or ripped-off from something else like in this case). I mean, just because you're a gourmet chef and can cook sublime dishes every day, I don't think that automatically means that you should never be able to enjoy simplistic junk food. A lot of people are unable to tell the difference between "I like it/I don't like it" and "It's good/It's bad." You can like stuff that's objectively bad and dislike stuff that's objectively good. And the "objective" part is a whole other discussion when talking about a person's individual enjoyment of a piece of art. Hell, it isn't like simplistic songwriting is unheard of in rock music and it still yielded anthem after anthem.
The video starts with how Katy Perry ripped off Dagny. Then the bulk of the video is spent making sure Katy and her producers won't be upset with the Rick's video.
Your ability to scan everything on the fly is incredible. Another amazing video!!
Maybe this is the first binaural Hit Song !  Maybe it will inspire a Lawsuit called Stairway to Heaven vs. Stairway to Hell.  That would be thrilling.  And where would music be without the inspiration provided by The Nine Muses?
Lyric style sounds inspired by Savage Garden "Cherry Cola"
When you get a copyright strike... who is going to get the advertising money?  I'm editing this comment to add the requisite LOLz and Laughing face emoji's that I originally forgot to add to my tongue in cheek smart ass rhetorical question... 😆😜🤣
Awesome as always
How far are we from just using some kind of computer algorithm to pump out this stuff? Music mass-produced from an automated factory.
Almost every 'country' song is dirt road pickup truck tailgate down by the river girl. Template music I can't believe people buy the same song over and over again but that's what they figured out no need to find a Waylon just recycle repeat and it still sells.
HAHAHA!! Wow... Loved the side by side..
It’s so blatant, not just the changes, the melody, even using the same synth patch(es). I guess the Brave/Roar thing went so well, they just won’t worry about copyrights anymore.  Dagny’s song is a better version, and more heartfelt, great builds. Dagny should get royalties for this.
New series of videos....what makes this song an uninspired rip-off
I'm pretty certain her legal team was key in giving writing credits to the Dagny team in order to prevent an inevitable lawsuit!   I remember a few years ago my friend writes music for production for commercials and tv etc. He was slapped with a lawsuit from a guy that played with a very famous Jazz guitarist for years. He had never heard the guy's song. It unfortunately had the same basic melody and was in the same key and started on the same note! He had to hire a music lawyer and she was able to find a couple songs written prior to the plaintiff's song (one by Tom Petty I think?) and then they dropped the lawsuit. Cost my friend $2500 in legal fees and a lot of grey hair.
I'm no fan of pop music; rock and metal is more my thing, but lots of rock and metal guys could learn from the production of this song.
great analysis, makes me want to actively listen more!
Hey Rick- thats the way the Business works! Its all over when its over!
9 poeple for writing that cheap song? who write that 2 lines? i mean u need a writer for writing 2 lines still u defend these song? maybe u just need more pop listener viewers ,its a bs song buddy totally bs
I'm gonna go out on a limb here but, I don't think Rick will be getting a Christmas Card from Katy or her people this year...
George Harrison needs an apology...
Katy trying to save face before COURT.
Rick Beato’s music knowledge, a blessing and a curse.😆
Just comes to show that today's music doesn't have the same "beat" like those of yester-years.
Both songs sound better when you did that hard pan thing.  They should just release it as one super song.
I wasn't going to pick on you for loving catchy pop songs. I was going to say "you drink Starbucks?" I'm a Taylor Swift fan Deadhead/Beatles fanatic. Remember Scritti Politti? I loved them while listening to the Dead Kennedys, Black Flag, Joe Jackson. Any music can be great. And who cares what genre, or what the artist did before. All that matters is the song you are hearing moves you. I know it moves me if it makes me move. Zedd, Max Martin, and other pop hitmakers can make songs that are fun. Spin 'em if you feel like it. Don't listen to anyone else. Just do it.
Rick, Love your show. I really appreciate the fact that you share with all of us, your knowledge and experience. First from the love of music then from a serious student then from a teacher then from a performer then from a student to produce then from a seasoned producer. Wow!
same song?  next thing you're gonna tell me is Twinkle Twinkle little star and the ABC song are the same
Hi Rick! I’ll probably get ripped a new one but listen to Devin Townsend’s- Borderlands from Empath and Wings-listen to what the man said from Venus and Mars. Thanks 👍😘🇸🇪
I hate it because it is manufactured music, completely cynical, and as you noticed, extremely derivative. You appreciate it as a well made commercial product, I get that, but I prefer art. Jem Godfrey makes this garbage too, but he also makes Frost*.
copyright infringement
Hey Rick isn't it funny how pop artists will sue people if they copy them but when they copy other people it's OK kind of weird do you think?
The snare should have been crisp af
Zedd is notorious for stealing music. He's a fraud. It makes me so mad that people like that are making so much money.
I enjoyed this so much, Rick! You understand the magic of this stuff. Thanks. I'm a huge fan of you AND KP!
You waste your time on this?Bye Rick
yeah I definitely smell teenage wasteland in there
Hold up, this is some *reverse click bait* magic going on. Rick enticed us with a juicy dramatic thumbnail and title but presented us with a wholesome analysis video. I love it! :)
A flat is closest to 432 Hz...Original, natural A...just saying. ThanQ
You allow me to enjoy music I would otherwise enjoy.
One Note Samba (Tom Jobim)  8-)
And the moral of the story......dont stream music!
This is the second time Katy Perry blatantly ripped off another artist then...she (or her management really) ain’t too bright.
You should do something like this for the situation that went on with Doja Cat and Plini.
Wish instead of dissecting the Katy Perry song he would’ve done the Dagny one to give it its proper credit and attention
Exactly,there's no such thing as "what makes a Katy Perry song great "
You only have to look at Katy's Dark Horse lawsuit or listen to the similarity between Kesha's TiK ToK and Katy's California Gurls back in 2010 (both produced by Dr Luke)
I guess they really needed that tenth writer to come up with something original. Nine clowns in a room, not a single original thought.
You could mash up rockstar by da baby and roddy rich into those two songs.
Good video Rick, I found it very interesting and informative.
The studio ghost keeps borrowing Rick's Les Paul. He brings it back for Rick to play some Rock.. At 12:04 he's had enough of the track and swaps it for the Special.. Where is the Ghost? In the booth playing Stairway.. :))
If they really write their own songs, things like that could be avoided...
Your joy is infectious.
Ever heard "Boombox" by Bob Schneider and "Flat on the Floor" by Nickelback? Nickelback's song was published first but Bob had been playing his song live for ages before it wound up on a record. Now that would be a good song comparison.
Rick is the CSI Atlanta of music 🧐
Katy Perry sounds so much older than before. Her voice doesn't have the kind of sweetness it had before when she was younger.
So can I take a Beatles song and write new lyrics and say I was  Inspired and get away with it?
A-flat major is really the danciest of all keys.
"I love pop music, I do". "Why boomers hate pop" next on the playlist...
9 people to rip off a song. Why do us mortals bother to write original music eh?!
c'mon rick. you're weirdin' out on me man
Just goes to show, all modern day pop music 'written' today is unoriginal bilge....
I would have loved to be a fly on the wall when the Stones were recording "Anybody Seen My Baby." You know there were people in the room who knew it was "Constant Craving" by kd laing  but no one had the nerve to tell them. It took Jagger's daughter to go, "Daddy this is a kd lang song, " and by that time it was too late - they had to pay her royalties. ;-)
Pop is awful. I'm glad I have an FM METAL Radio Station to listen to in my car. Whewww. That's awful music they play in CVS, can't wait to get the heck outta there- it ALL sounds the same, because IT IS. Yuck.
"which one of you 9 people wrote those two lines!?'
Not even!  😄
Interesting  Given my ignorance of pop I had to go look them both up. I like Dagny's version better ❤ I'd rather watch dancers to "love you like that" too.
Let's not forget that they're both ripping Taylor Swifts style. Sounds like songs she was writing at least 2 years before.
Yuck.
10:27 That moment you realize this video is copyright bait
Is that a Magnatone twilighter amp I see next to your Vox? I need one of those
Rick - you are probably the best “accidental find” on youtube there is. Grateful I found your page. 🇺🇸
Rick is a a phenomenon.  From parking lot getting coffee to going home and thoroughly dissecting a song because he found it curious.  I like old pop music but this stuff leaves me flat, but I'm a hundred years old so there's that.
I would love to hear Ricks thoughts on Future Nostalgia by Dua Lipa. Fantastic production and songwriteing on that record!
Lawsuit avoided by including the original songwriters.  It just sucks that they have to split that mechanical 9 ways!
She’s been doing this for a while. See: “If You Seek Amy” vs “I Kissed a Girl” “Domino” vs “Last Friday Night (TGIF)” “Tik Tok” vs “California Gurls”  and probably some others I don’t remember. Edit: Someone else in the comments also pointed out “Brave” vs “Roar”
Hey, Rick ... It'll be interesting to see if your / this video is used in the pending (?) copyright court case!
Never heard of either songs- thankfully. But that was interesting
Obvious plagiarism.
Is recording "the same song" with different lyrics, better than covering the original or worse? I don't care, so long as my listening experience is good and I'm not lied to if I'm actually interested.
Ok, I am definitely old. I see no musical value in either of these songs. Derivative music and singing. Good female singer? Listen to Winehouse or Joni Mitchell. The masses can't be wrong, it must be me...
Great video, awful music.
Both these songs are trash wyd to yourself Rick?
How many songwriters do you need to write a one-note song?
I promise you that her ghost writers did not tell her they stole this song lol She probly had no idea.
nine people to write that crap.... sad times
clickbait i came her to se Rick rip someone a new one for ripping off a previous song and instead got a bubble gum what makes this song great
I think the problem is, that both songs does not  have melody (in the chorus). The whole chorus is on one note. So, if chords, tempo, drum, and melody (what is absent) or notes are the same - so the songs sounds identical. And that the problem with many pop songs, where "sort of  melody" is one note, - they sounds boring. Ok, the one-note-melody, could be made more appearing with strong back melody, virtuoso bass party, or lead-guitar in background. But if one-note-melody  stucks in two standard chords, that `s what I do not call "the song".
I watch and enjoy everything Rick does, but this kind of pop is more produced than performed.
I just want say that i really enjoy you analysing pop music and music production Rick!
I’m a huge fan of Dagny, been listening to her for awhile now. she’s a lot bigger in EU than here in the states, very good pop music.
Who's Zedd? Zedd's dead, baby.
What was Dagny’s cut ? Surely with a writing credit she’s earning some coin - I want to hear from her. Is it worth people now thinking she copied Katy Perry? That’d piss you off for life. No coin is worth that... or is it?
Just because something is well produced doesn’t mean it’s good, and if something is poorly produced it doesn’t mean it’s bad.
The Dagny one is much better in every way. The K Perry version/rip is produce by numbers. Perry`s voice instead of hearing that distinctive million dollar selling voice could literally be anyone generic.
So what would be the right way for an artist to handle this besides giving them writing credits? It's got some slight changes, lyrics, stuff like that - is it still a cover? Or what do you even call it?
I can't lie, that Katy Perry song pissed me off. D:
Are we out of the woods yet are we out of the woods yet are we out of the woods are we in the clear
I'm in the OMG category
Why even bother with this? Yuck. There's much better music you could spend your time on. Am I crazy?
One hell of a dance track..and once this covid pandemic is over, it wouldnt be a bad thing to break the cerfews with this tune blasting out of the clubs and pubs near and far..so we can bop and boogie like luno's again 😂😂😂
Yep they were pretty poor lyrics but I can think of many worse ones in rock songs. Aren't you a fan of Oasis and Coldplay, Rick? Noel Gallagher and Chris Martin have come up with some of the cringiest lyrics of all time between them. 'Walking slowly down the hall, faster than a cannonball.'
This is actually a WMTSG on katy perry...
The merged song was actually much better.   Well, now we know who Degny is - the reason she didn't complain.
"Hey, we're gonna copy your song, cool?"  "NO! How can you..."  *produces infinite royalties*  "Cool, right on, have fun"
This is why i keep saying there are not artist nowadays, they are a bunch of mediocre copycats, they have no talent whatsoever, they dont know how to sing or play an instrument or less read or write music. Bunch of mediocre wanna be "Musicians", the autotune plug in has saved everyones asses the last 2 decades. So when some says i am a musician i always ask sing a little bit for me, or do you play any instrument..and of course they cant do either or...
Gay 🤣
I have one, just one reply to this.... lol wtf katy perry?
The future of art and politics lacks originality and introspection ?      Sounds fun 🤩
9 writers: "I can't even go on the internet without even checking your name"
I don’t have an “ear” for this tinny sounding, pop music. The vocalists all sing in the same formula manner and it all sounds the same to me.
I lost at 2:44. Really? "like the version"? WTH, that's just....well *EDIT* : The panned version is not that bad hahah
she busted *tisk tisk*
Are fans of Rick Beato called Beatches, cus I want to be one of them if so please.  Thank you Kind regards   My own mum
Sometimes we all make the same farts !.
SO we went from plagarism to gushing about Katy Perry. Im confused
9 people to write a generic pop song.
I've been playing guitar since 1965, professionally since 1968. I've survived all music changes along the way, and still play today. I listen to Pop because it says something, AND IT'S IT'S OUT THERE! Being in a Top 40 band, my history is playing covers. I always had to listen to Pop in order to be on top of what was current. Mind you, I don't care for some of it, but I do appreciate a good production. Most Pop artists out there do have that. There's nothing wrong with Pop. Just remember, someone out there will also hate the genre you love.
been subed but i had to click on da bell! ty <3 Rick
Great music to vomit to...
Is it easier to win a plagiarism case in the US than in England? I read a while back that there are different laws in each country.
That hook is very common in dance pop. Because it always sounds sexy. I can recall something similar on that song "cooler than you" I think it was.
The physical manifestation of your "guilty pleasure" at 9:43.  Love it! Great video Rick, thanks!
Today every female sounds the same... and don't let me comment on the looks
9 writers?..wow.
I'm glad I was wearing headphones while watching this.
Shocked!! It's not like Katy Perry has ever lifted a song from someone else (except Darkhorse from Flame's Joyful Noise).
9 writers to write a song that was already writen... and im sure they got payed
man Clarity is a killer song!
A lot of current pop music seems to be about "the beats" and that is what that audience is either used to from being fed that or genuinely wants. A lot of it sounds very similar. Where this all evolves to, who knows. The rest of us will go on with our lives and if we write musically we'll likely still be crafting individual song ideas and approaches, much of which will not be sullied by "the industry."
These music industry writers are some slumbags!
Song similarities aside, I'm really intrigued by the proliferation of 'one-note melodies' in pop these days.  What would Beethoven think? *cough* (7th symphony allegretto) *cough*
Hey Rick! I’m an R&B/Soul/Pop singer, how can I go about sending you my lead single for my EP so I can get some notes from someone who really knows music? There are a lot of moving parts I think you’ll enjoy! Please let me know!!! I’d love some constructive criticism!
Yeah...which of the NINE PEOPLE wrote those two horrible lines!
Katy's career is based on stealing music. She did the same for her single Roar.     Also, great channel!
Dagny was actually part of the making of the process of never really over, google it
Hi Rick, had the same experience with the song Llorando Se Fué - Inka Marka and J.Lo and Pitbull's 2011 hit ''On the Floor"
So for my band's songs, we have 1 to 4 writers. I or the bass player will come up with a song and the band will add their parts. None of this 9 people stuff.
I have guilty pleasures too, Rick. The only difference is, I don’t talk about them in public. LOL!
Dagny does have a songwriting credit on the track
It’s embarrassing to call your self an artist or musician when you’re sounding like everything else.
I'm a bit confused by Rick as he build the video. First the mentioning that the Perry Song seem to be a Ripoff and THEN the rest 10 Minutes decomposing "only" the Perry Song and NOT the obvious Dagny Song. I know that in all Ricks comments the word "Katy Perry" could have replaced with "Dagny" but would it be more appropriate to give THEM the credit?! Also some mentions of instruments like the marching Snares (why use them? wouldn't it be good without those or choose some other kind of "effect instrument" to get more out of it, etc.?! But all in all good talk! Love those.
In the Charts of her albums you will find about 257 writers to create 6 tracks. Of these, 4 are copy and past and 2 more of the same pop boring ideas and lazyness. The Pop died with MJ. And you all know that.
Sooooo basically it's "What makes this song great" in disguise :)
I’ve always thought the same thing about “Tennessee Whiskey” and “I’d Rather go Blind”
Hey Rick, now that we are on the subject, did you hear about the “inspiration” behind the arrangement for the DojaCat live performance at the MTV EMAs??? Make sure you listen to that one!  There was a complete tantrum going on on Instagram and Twitter about it! It includes one of the greatest current musicians in the world being ripped off!  Apparently they have now settled it but you should definitely look into it! I would love to hear your opinion from a musical point of view!!!   Much love from Barcelona!!!
I don't really think that it's the artists that copy stuff. I think it's the producers. And I think part of the audience WANTS that. Like, "there are 10 different songs that are basically Ed Sheeran's Shape Of You - choose your favourite!" What sells once, will sell twice.
9 writers or 9 algorithms?
Do you all remember when Taylor swift stole Without You by Lana del Rey
When he played the two songs panned left and right, if you hadn't been told they were two songs, you could think it was two sets of grouped tracks in one song,  albeit a bit messily mixed.
It's that many writers. Good grief, lol
Rick, your analysis could make you the team leader of that 9 writers team. Be ready for the call...I enjoyed it very much. You made me pay attention to a song that I would ignore...good job professor!
Wow
Rick do a Stock Aitken waterman  episode plse.
Rick, keeping things real! I agree that the production on the Perry version is great, but I hope Dagny and her people got paid a ton of cash for the ripped off song…
Now watch for the next music awards show where Dagny and Katy Perry perform their songs together.
I like the mix of both of them at the same time better than each one individually. lol
-Metalheads: check out my Metal cover of Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata -Pop "artists": check out my brand new song i wrote all by my self and 24 other people (enter-tiny-subnote-in-a-spot-no-one-will-read-it "inspired slightly by Moonlight Sonata") I realy cannot fathom how can musicaly educated people with jazz-rock-metal-classical background like Rick could ever listen to "pop" trash like these and like them. I am a metalhead, but i can very easily listen to many genres of music and like them. But "pop" is 99% unoriginal trash music with even trashier lyrics. I appreciate your open-minded-ness, but i realy dont get it Rick.
So, anyone know how many times Katy sings the Supertonic in this song?
Music sucks Rick.... and you're making it worse.
Came for the title thing stayed for the what makes this song great
Total rip off of 'Bitch' by Meredith Brooks!
Sure, _Everything is a remix_ but nowadays it looks more like _Everything is a ripoff_
Any one else notice the guitar disappear at 9:10?
Hi there Rick, I think an interesting follow-up to this would be the song " America's sweetheart," Buy Elle King. We can nitpick it all we want, and whether you like it or not is all a matter of personal taste. But it’s so out there that you have no option but to take notice. It’s also in the key of a-flat, and a lot of Katy Perry songs do tend to be in flat or sharp keys.
I would be interested if either song was was in anyway interesting.  POP crap
The Dagny song's chord progression was "inspired by" Baby O'Riley so I mean... everyone stole from someone, hahaha. =P
10:27 Thank God you spotted the Baba O'Reilly lick. I'm sure that this song is where it all started, with the 16s rhythm. All is forgiven when a new song comes that resonates with a new audience. We need to get past the 'Rip off' culture which social media promotes and let folk sell records. Great video Rick, I really enjoyed the break down and edit.
This was so good Rick, your passion came through and made me interested to hear you talk about an artist that I would otherwise never look into. I'd welcome more videos like this!
I feel like that sequence of notes/plucky feeling in a minor key is super common in pop string intros, it reminds me of Regina Spektor's 'On the Radio' or Panic at the Disco's 'I write Sins Not Tragedies'
I’m sorry, but I simply wasted 10 minutes of my life on a Katy Perry song. This Covid trap is killing me.
As long as she gave them credit that all that really matters.
The KP version is definitely better! But it’s all very 7-11 to me ! The same 7 words repeated 11 times! Thank you again Rick.
It sounds better with both playing together..
Pop after 90s is really garbage. Pop singers are not artists anymore, just bitches of Capitalism. I miss grunge or trash days.
How many songwriters does it take to rip off a song? Seriously, wtf!?
Like what ..EVER!!!  lol Love ya Rick. lol
Lost me at I was listening to a pop station...
It doesn’t matter. Both songs suck bad.
Good work Rick
I hear a little synth rhythm from Macarena.
Damn she how lazy the music or musicians have become......biz as biz usually iz
Sure theres lots of good talented folks working on both these tracks - respect. And lots of great production, but at the end of the day, it just feels super manufactured, cookie cutter and soulless. A product to be consumed by the masses, then expelled into the ether. Is it even music anymore?  Guess it depends on who is listening, lol!
So it took nine people to write a song that had already been written?
Today 's music is crap, even if it is "well produced." I haven't heard a new artist I like in 25 years.   "Get off my lawn!"
fairly new to the channel, but surprised to hear you talk about (and praise) a "dance song" like clarity. I'd be interested to know your take on dubstep and more "heavy" / "grimey" electronic music.
Nine writers is ridiculous. That's not a song, it's a softball team.
I think the original by Dagny fits in with her sound and is very unique. But Katy’s just has a typical pop sound. underground vs mainstream.  But I’m biased having known Dagny’s music for years.
9 writers to create aural diarrhea like that.... can't stand this pop stuff.
Most music nowadays sounds almost the same. Probably because of the editing.
Liking pop music is nothing to feel guilty about.
mr. beato, hand over your knowledge and nobody gets hurt
mfw you switched to hard pan 😂
⚠ 🚨 News Flash      Katy Perry someone rips off.     Aaaagain.
Really like seeing Rick enjoy himself like that
Bet it doesn’t sound anything like this live...
This is really sad Katy Perry has 0 talent and steals other people’s songs smh.
The title suggested she copied it. Then your saying the other one copied it.....I'm confused
My question now is then, how does this change our perception with the Katy Perry/Flame Dark Horse lawsuit?
Mashup woohoo, they cn do 1 stanza each and play it live.
Damn, playing them both simultaneously like that was really cool. Ultimate mash up lol
Truth be told: When these ''Producers'' aren't creating PORN SONG for these called ''artists'', they are STEALING ideas from another limited producers. That's the "Pop Music".
Fascinating.  Absolutely fascinating.  Good ears, Rick, and, oh yeah, good gear!  Thanks!
Zed the cop from Pulp Fiction had a part in writing that. I always questioned if he was a real cop in that movie.
A nothing artist hires thieving producers. It’s terrible bullshit. Well produced or not. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Omg
Rick - wonder if you've already covered "Crazy in love"?  I fell off my chair when I heard the progenitor song!
Hi, can you explain producing of daft punk songs? Maybe something from random access memories? I'd love to see a video with daft punk!
Dammit Rick, you've just become a DJ.
This is why this channel rules. The lengths you go to Rick!
lol Thank you, Rick for that. But is it really unbelievable? What's unbelievable is that you haven't heard of a French press. ;-)
Its not a rip off though because Dagny was given a cowriter credit on it, so she gave permission
What if Katy watches this and starts doing different music?  All things possible.
To all the blockers out there...I just bought this album.  :D
Would never expect to hear  "...it's like the Who..." being used to describe a Katy Perry song.  LOL  Great analysis as usual Rick!
in this case, completely different intro
Wow.  3 ads in a 13 minute video.  But I agree with you on both tracks with the KP track being the stronger of the two.  But Danny has some killer vocals as well.
Reminds me of “I Want You” by Savage Garden too. But these songs are all the same. Heavy side chained percussive synth bass with that tropical house stab and snaps. See HAIM’s “I’m in it” for another example.
I disagree.  I always associate heavy use of triplets of a bunch of producers sitting around in the studio saying "hmmm this song needs something more, I know triplets!"  The way they are used in modern music is jarring...
I'd love to see Rick on the dance floor!
I'll stick with my obscure prog
i imagine both vocal tracks songs were grandfathered (inspired) by u2 's "nump", same triplet struckture.
Both songs suck.  I wish I had written either!
Haha love it!
Now I hate pop music even more,...produced,...?  Just wasting air.
When Vanilla Ice stole from Queen, that was the day that everyone in the music industry became a thief.
I actually liked the version with Dagny and Katy fused together in separated speakers :D
Eh. To be honest all of that music sounds the same. I'm sure there are 20 other pop songs that could claim the song is stealing from it.
9:08 6 guitars suddenly become 5 on the right
Seems likely Dagny got a check in the mail with a “you’ve inspired me so please don’t sue me” message.
Just like how Taylor Swifts "Me" was "inspired" by "Next To Me" by Emile Samde
I smell another lawsuit against Katy Perry.
Another song with a great single note melody is I Want You by Savage Garden back in 1997
Edit: It's (not) like The Who
I bailed 5 minutes in, when I realized I don't like either song.
Agree on one thing. They’re equal.  Equally junk, but equal. And same key. (And don’t compare anything on these songs to The Who again. That was just wrong)
shame on you katy
5:56 Insecurely covers tummy
Sounds very Deadmau5ey to me
I kissed a girl what makes this song grait!
5:43 Badum tss
Dont waste your time on this music
It's like my alarm clock, gives me the creeps!
This video reminded me of why I HATE pop music...
Your Les Paul's are very happy having their own rack!
inb4 this gets taken down bc of DMCA.
‘A wop bop alu-bop, a wop-bam-boom'
I just listened to Two Gunslingers and now I have a Nine Songwriters parody starting up for some reason.
Am I the only one who immediately heard baba o reily?
This is what happens when you're producing and don't realize that you've heard something at some point.... then when you do diligence after master you gotta get "permission" to release
Led Zeppelin famously got sued for ripping off The Killing Floor by Howlin' Wolf when they released The Lemon Song. I think it's a similar phenomenon: The Lemon Song is fantastic but it never would've existed if they had not lifted it from Wolf. If only they'd have been smart or responsible enough to credit Wolf from the outset.
Interesting! I can't lie, I've always been a huge KP fan. She has some incredible songs out there. The chorus of this song sounds like classic KP though. So much of her choruses are one or two notes in rapid succession. They're not as melodic but always catchy as hell.
I have always loved writing in the key of Ab. I have a 7 foot concert grand piano, it was my sweet 16 gift from my parents. Ab just sounds so warm, rich, and full on my piano.
Music industry is crap.
How many hacks does it take to write yet another 4 chord wonder.........
'Cause I can't even go on the YouTube without even checking to see what Rick Beato is up to.
Everytime one of these pop stars sue each other of a 4 chord melody, you, Rick Beato, should be the music expert in court.  You get it, man!
Im satisfied with "yep the ripped it off"....Cut!  Please dont make a workout vid Rick!haha!
So first I was ike "Oh okay so Katy was ripped off. Interesting" Then I was like ".....So Katy was inspired by it....so Dagny wrote her song first..." "Wtf?!"
SHOCKER..............................
Everything in pop is copied.
He might as well be a wizard to me when it comes to musical theory and using all that recording software lol...
Katy Perry's chorus melody actually reminds me of that savage garden song.
Really annoys me that modern pop takes "9 writers" to be any good when there's loads of great songwriters doing it on their own. Also really annoys me when these pop teams know that they won't get away with blatantly ripping off a lesser-known artist so usually there's some behind-closed-doors deal where they pay them off for the rights, but they know their version with their more well-known artist will make bank compared to however much they pay off this little nobody struggling artist with.
Can you have a one note melody that is actually a melody? Good question! Listen to Beethovens 7th symphony, movement #2 and this will answer your question.
Dark Horse was a stolen beat as well
I'm a boomer and I kind of like modern pop.
Unbelievable. And yes, "9 people to write this song"...
7:40 yeah I agree, those are really synthetic beats but they are perfect in terms of production, well  - this is artificial music, so it has to be perfect. It's like Britney Spears from the 90s - perfect songs : )
That katy perry song is actually kind of annoying to me.. I would rather listen to love you like that if I had to, although I don't really listen to pop at all..
Most pop has "barrowed" from hip hop since 90' Beats Cadence
Not the first time Katy has done this. Remember the song Dark Horse?
I'm confused. He's switching between songs, but they are the same
Why is Rick wasting his (and our) time on this garbage?
Wish you gave more props to Dagny shes great!
I think that both songs at the same tempo on each channel is great! I like it more than each song individually. Brilliant, Rick!
9 people to write a song.......ridiculous,
The thing I guess I most dislike about current pop music is perfectly demonstrated here: The almost identically strained, singing like they're in pain, vocal style. The differences in their voices are actually quite subtle, in my humble opinion. I guess it gets a bit tiring (to me - clearly not to an awful lot of other listeners who love it) no matter how much they spent on very nice cosmetics.  I still love how Rick loves music so much and finds the true creativity in almost anything, even stuff I may not particularly care for.
Sorry Rick....but you’re never gonna convince me...or most rock n rollers, that this music is legit....happy thanksgiving!
I've found that for the genres I don't personally like almost all the songs are indistinguishable from each other.  I seriously cannot hear the difference between the two songs being compared here. I know the point is that one is a copy of the other, but to my ears one isn't just a copy of the other, it's the same recording of the same song by the same artist.  That happens to me with rap and death metal and hip hop and bro country -- all the songs of each respective genre sound the same to me.
It's nice to see that although you know "how the sausages are made" so to speak, you still have a great love of music in all forms. I also have a few 'guilty pleasures' of a few pop songs, but mostly I can't listen to pop music. I was lucky I guess, because I grew up in the 80's and 90's and often rock songs were pop (popular anyway) songs.
Gives a new meaning to the term "sampling."
@rickbeato did Dagny get paid?
This is what happens when you have two notes in a song and you just use Copy & Paste as your inspiration.
My favorite was when both were playing at the same tempo.
How about the intro of the songs? It's from the who's baba o riley.
I love it when people don’t let others put them in boxes. You’re rock. You’re disco, your metal etc.
I liked more the combined version...
Kind of like “You Really Got Me” and “All Day and All of the Night,” except the Kinks were just ripping off themselves.
Rick going Vlad
haha I  love that pun on key :D
Stop analyzing this total studio crap ... its all horrible
"One of the best songs of the past decade, Clarity..." Me thinking: You mean the doom metal song by Sleep? Doh...
"Great vocal" ... how can you tell with all that auto-tune?
Nine people to create “two” utterly forgettable songs. No soul, nothing.
Is there something called "an original song" in these days???
*Rick playing a Katy Perry song on keys* "It's like The Who."  *and then it's actually like The Who...*
Too many cooks in the kitchen spoil the...
over produced
9:09 the mystery of the disappearing Les Paul...- 9:42 Oh.. there it is, never mind. 11:31 HEY! STOP IT!  -  11:41 thank you.
Led Zeppelin ...........
The original(Dagny) is so much better than Kate Perry`s version.
NINE WRITERS to come up with terrible lyric lines 🤣
Just before you said it I was thinking the both copied the Who haha. This is actually a production masterclass, pity such talented people are too lazy to write something original.
Rick headbangs to Katy Perry
the music industry is selling the same crap over and over,different genres and different continents
Just a shame the one note chorus trend. Taylor Swift does this alot. Very dumbed down music.
This was such a fun and light video. Appreciate your channel, Rick!
We live in a world of refinement, not invention 🤣
Interesting. Both are great songs! I had never listened to Dagny before.
It's a copied song from another musician!!! Sorry but producers that need to do something like this don't deserve to be praised. If this song is good it's because of the previous work from Dagny..
"Who wrote those two lines?!" I dunno, try asking NINE different people and see if they cop to it. Haha! I have never heard of a song having nine songwriters. It's kind of like when you see a ton of writers listed for a movie - you know something peculiar happened.
So, I guess it's all good because Katy Perry's team of "creative" people let Dagny know ahead of time that they were not creative enough to write their own music.  Sweet.
He should definitely do a list of top songs he likes that everybody else hates
Not to dislike the Video but the copy right crap,  no one can be original anymore...
I too enjoy the pop music. In regards to this song I must disagree with you.
I love a good 'gotcha' video.
Ha ha, it amazes me you can like that song and the ones like Led Zeppelin or any other real band. But we all have guilty pleasures :)
Great video Rick. When you got to the part when you said there are 9 writers, it made me think. Tom Petty wrote Even the Losers........ALL BY HIMSELF!!!
Hilariously the one note melody reminds me of how I think about Amon Amarth songs. It's the movement of those synths against the one note sung melody that makes it interesting. It's the same with the moving guitar parts behind the screams in an Amon Amarth song.
wow that's such a scummy move (it seems) those songs are basically identical
Rick, thank you for your appreciation of modern music. So many people in these comments with a negative attitude about the production etc. Sounds change, production changes, trends change. But a good song is a good song and you recognize that.
It's why I wouldn't listen to POP music. No sounds organic or original.
Section at ~ 7:46 is a worse version of "I want you" by Savage Garden
That's okay. I'll spend a good 3 days in a row litening to Alace in Chains then my guilty pleasure... Sia.
😈😈😈
Rick: Me and my collaborator in recording for many years developed a phrase, you might like. It goes like this:  Me: "You hear that?"       Him" Yeah".         Me: "Know what that IS??"     Him: "Yeah ,that's the sound of Money".         This is how we describe  a super-nicely recorded song.      So I relate when you compare these songs...and say  I gotta admit..it really well-done pop song.
I think your time would be better spent doing just about anything other than analyzing ripped-off pop garbage. I was not able to finish the video.
They both sound like baba o'Reilly
Katy Perry's voice is like nails on a chalk board to me. Nothing personal, just can't listen to it.
I wished you had promoted the Dagny song. I mean, she actually wrote it
It’s an exposé!
whole songs sounds something that is made for light shows on live shows, like the breakdown and all the lights on......
Just think it took 9 people to write such a brilliant,  inspirational, piece of copied garbage lol
Interesting and funny!
I came here to see Rick destroy Katy Perry and pop music in general, so kinda disappointed. But awesome video nonetheless cuz I love Rick
This is true music forensics!!! Great job and very interesting!
"Cause I can't even go on the internet without even checking your name"    There are lots of songs where I like much of the material, but then there's a thing or two that really annoys me, and it's often the lyrics -- awkward, clunky, dated.  It makes me think that there's a good potential album that an artist could make from improving other people's songs in one way or another.
let's not get into an ugly plagiarism lawsuit we'll lose, we'll just tell them straight up we're ripping them off, and give them a percentage. honest, at least. the only dishonest part is they know most people won't know they ripped off another song, because they won't have heard of the original artist (maybe they will, I'd never heard of her, but I don't follow modern pop music much).
Yes.
Ferris has been absent NINE TIMES
Predictable song production but it works. And the truth is, as much as its a rip off of another tune, the song "pops" and has that radio shimmer that the other does not. Comparing the production would have been a better idea for this video...
Is it just me or does the track also reminds me of Ariana Grande - Breathin?
This was my favorite of all your vids so far. I gotta mention the ad placement too. Idk if that was deliberate but it was effin' perfect🤣
10:00 - "can you have a melody with just one note?" Tom Jobim would say "..."
Are you able to say "copied" without fear of a libel suit? It seems so risky in this day and age.
So 2020 doesn't completely suck, let's help Rick get to 2 million subscribers by 12/31/20!  Everybody please, like comment, subscribe, and share.
Teen-Age WasteLAND, oh yeah, teenage WASTEland ....
More of the same but "better" ?
that's what they do nowadays: they take good song and "make it their own" aka steal it and see if they get away with it :-(
That's modern pop music for ya, shamelessly, blatantly and lazily rehashing.. LOL...It's interesting, when I hearr that chorus, all that really comes to mind is the obvious rehashing and utilization of Los Del Rio's Macarena, which I guarantee was one of the main sources of "inspiration". And interestingly, that song is as well, in Ab.. hmm..
"it's like The Who" only "musicwise" I love The Who but cannot digest her 😱🤯🤕
dear appreciated rick - you come up with that bourgeois perry and equal pop corns but never do miley. Whats wrong with you? a personal dislike of yours? she is lightyears sexier. this perry song is once more like fast food from the deep freezer  - dagnys song is it. theres the soul and YOU know that ;-) and she sold it to 9 eggheads
love your stuff!
The irony will be when this video gets flagged for copyright infringement.
But does it groove?
that's why i love so much classical music today,try copy that you smartass
Sorry Rick, I couldn't watch this one to the end. I like a lot of music style, but I have my limits. You won't trick me into watching a What Makes this Song Great featuring a Katy Perry  song :)
I hate not round number I hate I hape ! So Now, i'm the 10th writer of the song ! houuu I feel better.
You should release the two of them overlapped and say you were “inspired.”  It sounds better than either of them alone.
Can you just go ahead rename this video "What Makes This Song Great: Episode 99 Katy Perry" and get to Don't Fear the Reaper already
oh my god hahahahaha
Remember when BANDS made music and the industry figured out how to make it a hit. Now the industry makes a song and a FACE makes it a hit. KYUSS, PRIMUS, CLUTCH and SABBATH. Miss them all
Also hear a lot of “The Middle” by Marin Morris and Zedd.  Seems that Zedd is the real culprit here.
lol...remember when Ray Parker was sued by Huey Lewis for the Ghostbusters theme...for being the same song as "I want a new drug?'  Huey won the lawsuit BTW...
Katy Perry, Taylor Swift ect....why they couldn`t be inspired from the Mahavishnu Orchestra ?!
So what way does the law work in these cases?   Does the original artist sue for ALL of the royalties or do they just get a % due to the fact that the K Perry corner acknowledged the influence of the original song?
That triplet verse is not even that fresh. Bieber did exactly the same in "Sorry".
Formula music.   They had a team of focus groups tell them what to write.
Producers with no originality are a plague of music today.  Check out Halo by Beyonce and Already Gone by Kelly Clarkson. Just one of COUNTLESS examples of blatant lifting.
9 people to write a crap song.
I can't stomach either song...  pop music drivel...
I wonder how the money is split between the writers? You would hope the original writer would get at least half?
Lmao it actually sounds really good when they're played together
I used to have an old drum machine that would get stuck from time to time and sounded like that.
The way Rick smiles at himself after saying “the KEY to making dance hits” lol. Ultimate Dad Energy
haha 9 peeeeeeople ! 😂
Love you Rick but please don’t compare this crap with The Who. 👍🏻
Never agreed with the "My Sweet Lord" decision, so when I hear songs that are directly copied (like this and so many Zepplin songs) it baffles me. My sweet Lord sounds nothing like He's so fine.
@10:19... exactly what i was thinking through this whole video
Hi Rick
Someone once said there's only one god. So I copied the bastard...
I mean, is anyone surprised after the Dark Horse controversy?
Don't cry,. Rick. Don't even raise your eye. It's only teenage wasteland.
Hi Rick! Do you like Jon Secada`s song "Just Another Day." I think it`s fabulous! Amazing performance. It brings me back to those times instantly and it touches parts that other songs don`t reach.
Rick, You are a musical genius. I wish for once I could hear music through your ears. Not just this video, but I love how you analize music, and have a natural enthusiasm for music. Thank you for your videos and insight.
I love pop music too but recently I'm having a hard time with the lack of modulation! One, two, three or four chords starts to grate man!
I guess this is what they mean by ‘lipstick on a pig’
She could steal anything she wants, including my heart.
A new series is born!  “What makes this ripped off song great!”
yeah they sound pretty cool played together
Disposable wipe songs.
5:18 amazing. Didnt know that Beato also digged some electronic music. Just great! The Masters of that genre imo and that are far different than the rest of producers are Madeon and Porter Robinson. Their albums Adventure and Worlds respectively are masterpieces.
1:27 this breakdown was also in one of Taylor Swifts songs
Not even Rick can make me listen this type of pop,  is so flat. Not exciting.
I keep hearing "Macarena" during the chorus
Dagny "love you like that". Downloaded. Thank you Rick.
lawsuit?
I'm leaning to fly, but I aint got wings...  check out katy perrys song with hootie and the blowfish guy they did on ama's, sounds almost identical to learning to fly by an obscure artist named tom petty
they got a writing credit, at least. and at current rates from streaming services, Dagney probably made about $3.50.
Actually sounded better when both songs were played together.
I prefer the Dagny song (i think the G is  silent, so it's pronounced Danny). The Katy Perry song is too busy, and even shrill in places. Saying that, both songs are fairly uninteresting.
The sum is greater than the parts: the hard pan is better than either song alone!
And they are both ripped off Taylor Swift and or sounds like a T swift tune . And around and around we go!!  Lol.
Undeniably a rip off (although credited, so that's ok). I also prefer KP's to the original despite Zedd putting a ticking clock in everything he's involved in.
My friend Jill Sobule wrote a song called "I Kissed a Girl" years before Katie wrote one. (shrug)
Starting to think Rick just wanted to do a "What makes this song great?" On Katy Perry but he knew EVEN his viewers woukdnt EVEN check it out lmao
Man, I bow to your immense musical knowledge, I’m sure I’m just a neophyte. But that song is terrible, it just sounds like screaming noise. Yeah, I’m old. But there ain’t much after 1991 that sounds like rock or pop. And Katy Perry sounds like a cat caught in a wood chipper.   I won’t bitch about the terrible lyrics, though.  I love America but Dewey Bunnell, Dan Peek and Gerry Beckley got beat up pretty bad over some of their stuff. Don’t care. America is awesome. Katy Perry is the stuff you use to harass terrorists for days using loud speakers.....
Feels based off an acoustic guitar in some parts.
Love the video! Nicely done as always, Rick!
Rick, I just want to Thank You for all these amazing videos that break down Pop Production & Songwriting. You have really helped me step up my production game!! Keep it up my brotha!
God I love your videos! I e learned so much watching them.
George Harrison got screwed over on My Sweet Lord by someone saying it was the same as He's So Fine, and that was different key.  But this is a direct rip off, copy, etc.. WOW!!!  Hope Dagny got a lot of  money for it.
Thanx Rick.
Best channel on YouTube dude,,,
What? If it wasn't Katy Perry they would have destroyed a lesser known artist for that 😲😲😲😲🤯🤯🤯
"What makes this song so ripped off" episode  1.
The Chorus sounds like the verse style of Savage Garden "Cherry Cola"
As long as Dagny and her people get paid...does it matter?
I don't know Rick!
I can appreciate the effort that went into the production, and I admire Rick's ability to find value in this kind of thing, but I find this song (the Katy Perry version) in particular to be a perfect example of bad pop music.  It feels everywhere like they're all trying too hard - beating the listener over the head with every trick in the book so they'll keep listening.  The vocals, especially in the chorus, that Rick finds so catchy, I find absurdly excessive and robotic.  It's Perry at her most machine-like - voice autotuned and digitally finessed, lacking in any grace or soul, straining to be heard in a wash of staccato electronica.
Plaintiff calls expert witness Rick Beato to the stand...
Taylor Swift - Welcome to New York ......    SIgue Sigue Sputnik  -  Atari Baby
I'm sorry but Katy cannot sing, she yells. Dagny was singing!
For me that was a lesson in how subjective music is. I have heard both song. I sort of like them both. Before you pointed out that they are really similar. I didn't hear it at all. To me they feel completely different. Even though they use a lot of the same components.  I like that you give Dagny some publicity. She is Norwegian. I am  Norwegian
Somewhere in the first 1minute or so lies a chord progression very similar to Baba O'Riley. I'm not one to confuse Katy Perry with The Who, so is there anyone else who hears that? Good grief, this is why I don't bother with the music of today. There's too much from yesteryear that still holds up. Anyway, I love the video and channel!  EDIT: Rick mentions The Who at around 10 minutes in LMAO...I posted my comment about 2 minutes into the video, so I guess I wasn't too far off the mark!
i love pop music but the the 80's and 90"s.
Oh imagine that a pop star copied sombody else's music. .
funny how everyone hates how katy "steals" other's artists songs but the same people acclaim and never say anything negative about rock bands like led zeppelin, that actually stole and ripped off a dozen of songs.
That triplet melody really reminds me of Savage Garden "I Want You" for some reason
They steal a song and you drool on about how great it is? Much love Rick, I love your channel, and this is just wrong. P.S. Katty's version is pop bubblegum crap.
You sound surprised.  Lil Nas X stole NIN's Ghosts 34, and got a country music award out of it.  So I guess that makes Trent Reznor a country music star?
Thought this was a brilliant pop song and was very surprised it didn't go #1.  I hope Dagny is actually geting royalties as that is her song.  Def agree a much better version.  Great job as uuush Beato
Hmmm and it sounds like  Dagny ripped off Adel.....and so on and so on....
Doja Cat has ripped some Plini riffs in her new track
That second “even” lyric could have easily been “always checking your name”. Lazy lyric writing for sure and yet...it didn’t matter because nobody cares.
If I ever use Rick Beato as a deejay name, I'll be sure to thank you, Rick, for the inspiration.  :)
Check out Taylor Swift's Lover. Then The Cowboy Junkies version of Sweet Jane. And One Direction's Drag me Down and then Matchbox 20's This How a Heart Breaks. It's rather rampant these days. Checkout Sunday Best, then see if it reminds you of a song from the 70s.
It’s practically a rap song with the monotonous lead line.
A ripped off, canned song that shows off some excellent producing skill....I can see why you like it.
It's like "what makes this song great?" with extra steps =D Love the enthusiasm
RICK, SUCH A VIRGO, NAILS THIS AS USUAL THO! LOLZ!
Could you do a video about the “on the turning away” solo by Pink Floyd? Or maybe include it in a video in the future? I think it’s an amazing solo but maybe that’s just me - I never see it featured in any solo videos at all, and I think it would have deserved a spot in the Outro solos vid.
Perry is disgusting
Am I the only one tired of the finger pops on 2 and 4?
hmmm ? I thought Zedd was dead  ;)
If you haven’t heard Mac Miller you should defined check him out. I was completely blown away by his work and his live performances with trumpets and sax😱😱and he’s probably the only mainstream musician who had real bridges since the 00s
Katy Perry is the new Ed Sherran. But, at least her team knew to do the right thing by approaching the original artists
Breaking news: pop songs recycle drum beats and chord progressions
like how they ripped off plini song... copy and paste.
woah wtf, exactly the same
Nice job! Thanks for the info! Yeah a direct rip off!
So it's not a cover, but rewritten, thus recovered. Saved by the belle!
honestly the two tracks hard panned just sound amazing together.
Rick, you won't talk us into pop music, stop trying.
Rick you should do a video of one of the great song rip offs of all time.  Unpublished Critics by Australian Crawl was released in 1981.  Sweet Child of Mine by Guns n Roses in 1987.  The Gunners stole the Aussie Crawl song to have one of the biggest hits in the 80’s
Man there is a lot to unpack in that song.
Yup the same old story.  Take for example Ministry - Just One Fix (92) and then Rammstein - Du Hast (97). They seems to wait a few years to do the copying though.
I'm sitting here, giggling, at your enjoyment of music.   So many 'experts' get jaded and just harp on what's wrong.   Keep on enjoying music, and keep telling us about it.
Lost me at Starbucks. Haha j/k love ya man!
This and just yesterday I was reading about the new Behringer Keystep.
"Can you have a melody with just one note?"  Laughing in Elio e le Storie Tese' "La Canzone Mononota"
If that song by Foxes? is one of the best songs of the last 20 years I am so glad my musical taste barely gets past the 1990s.
I gotta buy that KP record and Clarity!  Hahaha. Thanks for this video! Stream of consciousness is your thing.
DAGNY was the template
Both songs are better when mixed together. I like the competing vocal lines running in tandem. I think you've got a new hit!
Wow
I felt the lyric isnt on metre in chorus @ 10:55
What a load of bullshit beato! I can' t even begin to describe
Who's Zed???... Zed's dead.
Katy Perry is the Carlos Mencia of pop music.
9 people?! , I could've done it half asleep
It’s actually nice to see it demonstrated that there is some technical “goodness” in modern pop.  I usually can’t listen long enough to find the good... because of one note “melodies” and those lyrics.
9 writers,next to no originality
The Katy Perry song is great, except for those two lines in the second verse! Exactly how I felt the first time I heard it too lol.
"Who wrote those two lines?" That's the sort of lyrical brilliance that comes from having NINE writers on a single song.
It's not possible that Katy knows where her songs originate from before she puts lyrics to them. Her producers are getting her into trouble by NOT telling her or is there a touch of arrogance that says we can do what we like? She's already gone to court for allegedly ripping off another artist. It needs to stop now.
How in the world you can use the words "good" and "Katy Perry" in the same sentence is beyond me.
I'll have to watch your why boomers hate pop, I'm gen x but still...there are great artists in the pop genre. When Tegan & Sara did Heartthrob, they did original pop songs better than anyone. Not derivative stuff like this. You have to have some kind of life experience to write good lyrics. Vapid pop "stars" have a shallow well to draw from.  I hate this type of stuff because it sacrifices real artistry to sell. Natalie Imbruglia's cover of Torn is a similar example. The original was raw and powerful, but a model took a slicked up production of it and made it sell millions.
WELCOME TO 1984, THE SOCIALISTS ARE PRETENDING TO BE ORIGINAL.
Katy Parry is a hack! Who listens to that noise anyway? Sorry Rick.
She stole a Lecrae song a while back (Dark Horse).
It's what was covered before the producers rip themselves off frequently this is why modern pop is garbage
So this is the state of modern popular music...a bunch of parrots
These songs remind me of First Train Home by Imogen Heap... not a full copy but I wouldn't be surprised if Dagny was inspired by it or something like it.
Love when you breakdown songs, makes me look at them in a different way and most time appreciate something i would have discarded right away.
cool. thanks Rick!
Exposed
Good stuff
Its like Savage Garden song right?? 🤣😂🤣
It's hilarious how it took 9 'songwriters' to blatantly rip off someone else's song with barely any alterations.
Katy Perry has ZERO musical talent. She reads the script she is given. Her job is to look pretty and sound ok. The rest is done by machines and PR experts.
I listen to Dagny. When you have money like Katy you can buy what you want from artists that aren’t as huge. It’s BS.
It took 9 people to "write" a song that's a rip-off of somebody else's?  And it's still just pre-programmed electronic disco?  Between the two, I prefer the less over-produced sound of the Dagny version, where you can actually hear her sing, and it's pretty good singing (yes, I know there's plenty of auto-tune on both).  Since you did the video on how all of today's pop music is "fixed" by computers to be perfectly in time, I can't unhear how dull and robotic it is.  Ok, rant over, I think it's time for me to get the Led out again 😀
I wish the public would understand that pop stars live off the backs of real musicians. It’s embarrassing at this point.
Jesus, just listened to both haha blatant rip off. However I will say I am still a huge fan of the Katy perry song so now having heard this song I’m glad I have two songs that are similar but different enough that I can enjoy both. 👍👍
I didn't like Katy's song but the video had to get a like for pulling the lyric writers up on what i call a 'Double Even'. I hate it when writers do that, it's lazy & takes the impact away from the first 'even'.   Great video as always though Rick!
I can't even imagine the shitstorm that would ensue if this was a metal band ripping off another metal band that blatantly hahahaha
All pop and hip/hop song today rip off some classic 80s or 90s song
Looks like "inspired by" has become the new euphemism for good ole "rip off".
thanks rick! this is a fab site, the future of music, out of the studio and start talking! its like breathing in deeply on a mountain top! and rick is the wind!
You forgot to add, "It's not even memorable" in the not evens at the end.  Pop music is the new "elevator music" for the jittery generations.
One second into "Never Really Over" (especially in the chorus) and I realized it was Zedd. Been a fan of his for a while. I wish he still produced more stuff like Clarity and True Colors.
Also, Katy Perry’s “Last Friday Night” is the same progression as Daft Punk’s “Make Love”. They sound pretty damn similar...
Sadly, most modern music has become uninteresting and uninspiring for me, as I have a disease.  That disease is hearing a “new” song or part thereof and instantly recognising the melody (and sometimes the format/style).  It happens every day when I listen to the radio. I’ve tried drugs,  but they don’t work. Lately it’s spread i.e. it has become even worse, I now can hear a song from the 90s and instantly realised it’s a melody from [typically] the 70s.   There is no cure.  Is it a curse of all true musicians? Or as Burt Bacharach said, “all melodies have now been written, there is nothing new”...
The comparison of these 2 songs signals the end of pop music... Yeah right!!🙄
I think the Dagny song is better, and that she has a more interesting and unique voice.
The Devil can´t create only ripoff. :-/
Love your analysis - even for a non-music theory literate person you explain it technically but emotively. Can't help but respect your videos
If you can't do it yourself... well then, you steal it... sound familiar?
Giving Rick Beato's video a look and listen has confirmed my dislike for today's pop music. As for Katy Perry stealing another singer's work; I don't care.
CSI Beato **scream, guitar chord**
How daré she jajaja
Both of these songs not unique and to be honest they are pretty generic, you can find a tons of plagiarism in blues and funk
Guys. The people from Katy Parry have given probably 500k to the order in order to steal the stuff. Obviously they wont tell. If not. Pls sui the living hell out of Katy Perry
Today s artist have lost the original creativity
I'm digging the Katy Perry one AND Rick's elitist impression 7:37
I'd be embarrassed if a whole team of songwriters 'wrote' a song for me...and it sounded exactly like another song.
garbage in, garbage out are these the producers of Naked & Famous because it sounds the same to me: repetitive, uninspired, sterile and lacking humanity.
You are definitely NOT a music snob.😁
Nine talentless hacks to plagiarize an already just-okay pop song for a pop vocalist who can't sing as well as the original artist.   And it will make a gazillion dollars.   This is but one reason why I see a silver lining in nuclear war.
With some of the same people involved in both it moves from "creative similarities" or "inspired"  to theft.
Most songs now to me  sound the same not timeless. Over done over produced. Oh ! Keep Rock'n......
This is exactly the reason I listen to Progressive Rock, there is variety in tempo, rhythm, and key .  This stuff is monotonous plus I can't stand the fake drums.  Pop music from the  '60's and '70's is much better.  Just my opinion, have a nice day.
How many writing credits would George Martin have received if they used modern pop conventions for songwriting credit back then?
Damn you, now I have some Dagmar added to my collection!  Actually perfect for when I’m out hiking and I’m about ready to lay down on the side of the trail and die. With a bubbly beat like that I should be able to grind out a few more kilometers. Very Eurovision.
Why do todays songs take so many people to write and yet sound so garbage?
i wrote a really GREAT song. it's pretty much Iris from Goo Goo Dolls but i say "unh" every once in a while in it... that makes it my song
Not like it’s CopyKat’s first time.
I wasn't even wanting to hear Katie Perry today and yet here I am. 😃
That chorus reminds me of Savage Garden’s “I Want You”..
Another great video, Rick. Also I totally agree that Clarity is something special.
Isn't all of this the Avril Levine with fill beats...
This video is about to get controversial.
Jaw literally dropped when you did the hard pan mix. WOW!!! 🤯🤯🤯🤯
Vanilla Ice and Ray Parker Jr watch this and wonder why they got hammered .
Aaron Lewis copied the chorus section of Man In The Box by Alice In Chains when he wrote Outside. He even admitted to me he wrote it in 1992, which was the same year Man In The Box was released.
If Katy Perry didn't have big boobs and 47 lbs of makeup no one would have ever heard of her. She just doesn't have very much talent.
Ah now I get it. Pop Songs doesn't only sound like the same they ARE the same :D Thanks for enlighting us, Rick!
I'm surprised you are so surprised.... Happens all the time. Im just amazed it takes so many people to write a crappy song.
Katy isn't an artist, she's a product.
Those are the same songs.  Like "Aura Lee." and "Love Me Tender."   I enjoy your extrapolations.   Look your book 4.0.. Happy Thanksgiving...
Wow. At least they claim to recognize the "coincidence" and not just play it off completely.
This song really highlights how rhythm is just as if not more important than the notes you use when writing a melody. I'd love to see you cover some more rhythmic based ideas, not saying go full drum teacher but I feel like theres plenty to talk about! Thanks :D
Katy's track makes millions, dagny's people sue,  everyone gets to pay their rent (except the artists of course)
Reminds me  of the recent joke that the Tennesee Governor has retricted gathering of 10 people or more. Looks like no songs are going to written in Nashville for a while.
Copied or not, Never Really Over is an amazing song and production, as is Dagny’s song… they did get permission from Dagny to use it, and she totally knew about it and approved their rendition before it was released. She said that she was flattered that Katy Perry liked her song enough to do her own rendition of it
Beato’s reactions here are priceless 😂
If you want a rip-off, check out "Madafakin darra" by "Roope Salminen & Koirat" from Finland. This is a major group in Finland and this song was a huge hit, but the similarities to Shake It Off were never discussed by any media etc.
Sooo,you are here before 1mln views,huh?
This makes me very suspicious about the other song she was sued over.   Seems like taking other people's songs is just what she does.
Bruh
Classic Rick ,”I was in the parking lot at Starbucks....”
If it makes you happy  ...
Her voice gives me a headache.
Don't waiste your time on this crap please.....
I love the 2 songs together - bounce it to a track and sell it ! :)
thanks for telling us why we hate  songs nowadays
Zedd uses the EXACT SAME snare in everything he does.  Doesn't even bother to change the tone or color it in any way.
It blows my mind that a song like this needed 9 people to we written...
This is awesome. Analyzing pop music is a bit of a different ball game, you gotta look at the production, orchestration, timbre etc...
Just a cover. Some neat production and over production.
Producers taking songwriting credits on a cover??? This does nothing but reaffirms my belief that producers are overstepping in the industry, diminishing the artist's output.
I like the Dagny one so much more
This is modern producers just taking something that already exists and attempting to swing it as original music without crediting the original artist they stole from.
DJ Rick beat matching
It's killing me that absolutely no one seems to care that The Weeknds big "new" hit is a blatant rip off of Young Turks by Rod Stewart
I think Hayley Williams and Zedd's Stay the Night is better than Clarity.  Just one person's opinion
I am sure Dagny agreed to the conditions. I would be flattered if someone with influence wanted to copy my work.  Katyʻs song will not sound the same live - I know you know what I mean. You can hear it in the recording - I know you know what I mean.
First of all, to assume Katy Perry 'writes' her songs to begin with is the big mistake. Her 'writers' probably ripped it off.. but everything is ripped off anyway.. I suppose they just did it in a way that lacked creativity..
I see it as a continuation of the song. Lyrically they are complementary. The song was rewritten at another time to say that "Just because it's over doesn't mean it's really over". Love continues like that and nothing else matters. It's a cliché. But the cliché is something that is repeated over time and perhaps because it is something true. Particularly, I liked and thank you for introducing me to both compositions.
Supertonic
I didn’t know Dagny, I will now!
I don't know. This is why I don't like big names in pop industry. They just "forgot to do a proper seenabel credit. It's disappointing.
I laughed out loud when you hard panned them lmao BALLER.
So, Love you like that is never really over. Taylor Swift here you come.
That means both songs suck equally.
these one note melodies are probably the annoying thing in modern pop music.
Rick so you're basically saying that you prefer the extra time and effort (and probably skill) brought to this "cover" by Perry's production team.  I've always liked pop music (so no shame there Rick), but this song just demomstrsates what's wrong with modern music and why it just isn't as popular or culturally important anyone.
This is how a million writers and a whole bunch of people come up with a song 🤣🤣🤣.......it's so common nowadays it hardly surprises me anymore just ripping off and earning loads and loads of money....
They’ve both just recycled The Who’s Baba O’Reilly.
Pop Will Eat Itself
Also, thanks for doing a video about one of my favourite pop songs, definitely one of my favs from 2019 :)  (It was my anthem when I travelled in Europe last year.) Great work as always, much love to you Rick!
LOVE the female voice on DURAN DURANS UNDONE
"Really good one-note melody" is one of rap music's many contributions to modern music (not an ironic statement). Vocal percussion.
You could release both songs playing at once, and say it's a new song.
You re right the team who worked on it, is a very clever team, about sound mix vocal harmonizing, it is not the first time Katy Perry surprises me with a song very simple at the first time, but when you explore it..... lots of good ideas
@Rick Beato, a guilty pleasure of mine is an album from M2M, especially the song Jennifer. We like what we like. :)
I would love to see Rick do a what makes this song great with a pop song. “Cry Me A River” by Justin Timberlake has a lot of layers I would like to hear broken down.
YOU Are an inspiration Rick and YOU HAVE TALENT SIR
9 writers?? Is this like Beyonce? 😂
I don't know Rick... it sounds fake to me.
This seems like a Long  way around saying all pop music sounds the same.
what ever happened to actually HAVING REAL TALENT?????????
Every song has already been written
Rick, 9:45 into your video... Do you really consider that singing? How can you listen to these sounds? It annoys the hell out of me.
im going to cowrite a song called "help me" with john lennon and paul mccartney tonight.
This is a fine example of the pop music machine preying on the little guy.  It was CLEARLY lifted from Dagny.  Someone in KP's camp is talented enough to know that they have the resources (aka $$$) to build off of something that clearly wasn't their idea.  Doubt that KP was involved in any of it at all.  Glad the original writers get some credit.  And love how Rick provides the reality: Is it a good pop song?  Yup.  Clever producing?  Definitely.  Max pop fluff?  Check.
Do I hear it correctly that they use autotune for this song? That weird robot-like voice.
You should listen to Miley Cyrus Prisoner. Total rip off of Olivia newton john's Physical.
good pop hook.   but it's a buyout. like a renovated house - > don't sell it as "new" i think katy perry presented the song & asked for a re-write ... just buy the rights & make it yours.  i prefer real originality , hate being lied to ...   i am the first to admit ; i am not the audience for this. if it's on the radio , i'll change channels i prefer silence to "filler"
Not a bad song? 😂😂😂
all j no can do is dance that is it, can not act nor sing
When the two songs are played at the same time it actually sounds more interesting. That's new to me.
not a terrible song.....unlike katy perrys grating voice  and holy crap....i just noticed you're nearly on 2 million subs!!!!    great stuff rick!!
From music professor to music detective 😅. You've invented a new figure 😁. This song is clearly not my cup of tea so I would have never noticed... 😂😂😂
Am I the only one who is also hearing Baba O’Riley?  Whoops. Commented too early. 😆
I’m sorry but both songs suck
We all learned you need 9people to write this ...
9 people to write this garbage?😂. Good to know parents are letting their 14 year old daughters spend their hard earned money to make those dopes rich.
zedd????? that dude???????
Jeezz....
My wife and I have the “discussion” often about if remade or ‘inspired by’ songs should be considered great or better than the original.
Musicians rip each other off!?...who knew?
no heart most kiddy crap is gutless see Valley Girl with Nicholas Cage
Every pop song that breaks the mold of that particular artists collective works is ALWAYS a rip of some indie hit that went under the radar. 10/10
I love the rock WMTSGs (especially the ones with Layne Stanley or Maynard James Keenan) but I miss the pop ones! Wish we could get Britney's Toxic!
Idk, the vocal on the Perry hook kinda sucks. Sounds like she's really straining her voice, has a really strong peak at, like 4-6k, really compressed, way too forward. Almost sounds like she has a bitcrusher on her voice. The Dagny vocal is alot better. Smoother delivery, more dynamic.
Thanks MAN! Really enjoy your perspective 👍
In before the block ....
Al the mainstream bullshit, Fake artists that aren't musical but have talent , puppets in the back reusing all the same tunes.
Katy Perry and Chris Martin should collaborate on a stolen song
Teenage wasteland.
you should do another video like this but with the songs “Los Angeles, Be Kind” by Owl John and “Champion of the World” by Coldplay. i wouldn’t really say that Coldplay copied Owl John’s song because they both go different routes. two great songs that are very similar
Hilarious that you eventually brought The Who's Baba O'Riley into it cuz that was the first song that came to my mind hearing this chord progression.
Much like The Stones "Has Anybody Seen My Baby" and K.D. Lang and Ben Mink's song "Constant craving" . After Keith heard K.D. Lang in his daughter's room, he called Mick and said "We have a problem."Ben and K.D. were also given writing credits and all was good. Keith had an "earworm" after hearing the tune earlier that year, or so the story goes. With all the music out there at some point there will be some repetition and didn't the same thing happen to Katy although this one sounds WAY to similar to be unintentional.
This reminds me of the time vanilla ice blatantly ripped a riff off of queen’s song pressure... just move/add a couple of notes and voila .. 3 day old halibut served in a stew.
I love boomers head bopping to Katy Perry
Katy Perry probably has a whole catalogue of songs and artists to steal from. I say steal because that's what it is. Katy Perry getting rich off other peoples music and paying them off like a mobster.
After watching this, watch Andrew Huang's video on the supertonic note :D
You’re amazing. I was saying this years ago I’m glad it wasn’t just my ears!
The one note melody is as great as Neil Young's solo at the end of "Cinnamon Girl".
Zed's dead baby. Zed's ded.
The main reason I dislike pop music so much is oftentimes it feels like it is missing any feeling and/or emotion.
Sounds like Katy has been a bad girl and needs a spanking!
Freakin’ hilarious plagiarism. Good ear Rick!
It baffles me why any song needs 9 writers (or maybe even 10, to have one more to fix up the lyrics).  And often the songs with more than four writers are ones which have nothing distinctive going on.  Just lots of copy&pastes from other songs.  Nothing inventive, no new ground covered.
If Katy perry is gonna copy someone, she should at least do it with style like Led Zeppelin!
6:22 That's it - "The sucking sound".  I'll just be the obvious boomer here and say it - yeah, it sucks, just like the rest of the modern pop. And it all sounds the same too. They. Suck.
I kinda liked the way it sounded when both played together.
I hear Baba O'Reilly in both of them too!
Katy Perry's voice sounds REALLY processed. She also has a mid hump to her voice, or maybe a bass/treble cut. Given, I'm listening to her song, processed on your video.
and this should surprise us why? there is no talent or creativity left in music....
Good times. We need more organic real musicians. If we take away auto tune and make all current bands and artists record on a 24 track what would we get?  Who would survive?
I just can’t stand pop. This just confirms that it all sounds the same.  Garbage in my opinion.
Rick accidentally released the 2021 April fool's video xD.
That music is just not for me. I dont get it, apparently.
I can remember the phrase "there is nothing new under the heavens." The same thing is true with music. You were playing the piece that had been lifted from "The Who" and I am thinking that is part of a "Who" song and four seconds later you say the same thing that I was thinking. Okay, there's only so much that can be done today that can be truly be considered new. There were new twists to this song, but I agree with you that it is almost a complete copy. I enjoy your show Rick. Take care.       Vaughn
Thanks for exposing musical "blood sausage"
Just like in Hollywood,  the music industry is out of "artists"
9:41 lol ricky.... "that's the same song... ND I LOVE IT!"
I can't believe Rick compared Katy Perry to The Who!!!
Theft .. underhanded way of operating
I find everything about these songs awful
I'm writing this at 4:34 of the video so I'll edit/retract if needed (don't jump me, but correct me if I'm wrong), but I think it is a little misleading to just look at the number of songwriters on a song. Let's disregard the fact that this particular song is ripped off.That nine people "wrote the song" just means that nine people received songwriting credits (in varying proportions), not that they equally contributed to the song. If I recall correctly, Bruno Mars received something like 3 percent of the credits to Uptown Funk for adding the singing bass voice/line in the beat. Sure, nine people is a lot, but think of your favourite band where all four, five, maybe six band members are credited on a song. Of course someone had the idea first, and not all contributed in equal measure, but still there is a group of people behind the song.   It is a lot easier to hate on a song when it is written in a board room by a team whose goal it is to reach certain chart positions (or whatever), but if someone adds or changes a single word, they get credit. If a producer calls someone for an opinion on a song, that someone might well get songwriting credits, and suddenly 16 people have ostensibly "written the song". But of course just a few of them were the brains behind the origin of the song, and the rest is more or less legalities. There's ceratinly more to it than just the number of songwriters, and anyway, if the song is good, then who cares?
Hello Rick! Have you heard about the british band Japanese House and their song "you seemed so happy"? I'm mesmerized by this song, the quality of the writing, singing, bass line and soft production... Please drop an ear on it!
🥳👍 brilliant
Pop music makes my ears bleed.
Hi Rick, do you like the artist LP?
ridiculous
I'm so sorry...however, that is completely stupid. Music is so good when it's NOT copied!
I seem to have heard the start of this 'song' many times over the years. As far back as... Baba O'Riley? lol
What ever happened to just doing a cover of the song you're inspired by instead of ripping it off note for note and putting your name on it like you wrote it? Oh wait! I know because they're all greedy as heck and you get more money ripping off a song and putting your name on it than doing a cover version.
You don't have to write good original music if you can just rebrand other peoples' good music. At least they preemptively credited the original writers probably knowing legally they had no chance in defending it was unique enough to call their own. Still, feels hollow.
6:27-and then you hear the sucking sound...yes Rick, I do hear the sucking sound..
Rick, Katy Perry?
Takedown in 3 ...2.... 1      :-D
"... and it if didn't have the other song, it probably wouldn't even have done anything" So true!
A Katy Perry wmtsg without admitting it.  We see through it. Lol
Dagny i Norwegian. The starting chords are The Who.
Awesome video!!
Wait.  Are you inferring that Katy Perry has no talent?   Boosh.  Mind so not blown.
I get Rick's appreciation of the production, coming from a producer perspective. But this is akin to fawning over how well mass produced hamburgers look and taste coming out of the McDonald's factory. KP's voice and that staccato triplet segment is grating to my ears. A machine gun can reproduce the same sound. Musically I would rather listen the song with the voice removed to make it more palatable.
*Vanilla Ice has entered the Chat*
Is this mini "what makes this song great" ? :P
Dagny’s one is way better. Much more authentic and less plastic sounding
I hear a sucking sound in every Katy Perry song...
The first video of yours I gave a "thumbs down"....
So it took 9 people to come up with a one note melody?  Hell, I could do that all by myself. 🤔
Wow. That is too close, Perrys camp did no writing at all
9 people for that crap!!
Listen first few notes Intentions by Bieber. Then listen to beginning of state farm jingle  . Same
Didn't know that predictable was great now ;)
Rick, I like how you nerd out to such a variety of music.  Slipknot and Katie Perry.  That's a range for sure.
Hey Rick,  been subbed for a while,  suddenly I'm not a subscriber.......thought you should know  ✌
shite anyways..lol
John mayer probably writes the best pop lyrics
I Love Katy's voice on her track
I love the fact that as knowledgeable as he is, Rick never comes across as a music snob.
She can copy whatever she wants. Leave my girl alone.
And yeah that vocal layering is tight.
I'd love for Rick to do a video all about pop cliches, modern and historic
typo in your title : ''In this episode I discuss how the Katy Perry song "Never Really Over" is a copy of the Dagny song "Love You Like That" The song took 9 writers to complete and it's not even *and* original song!''
Question: Does Katy Perry's team contacting Dagny legitimize the Flame copyright lawsuit, or is it a result of the lawsuit and a desire to not have to go through the process of litigation again?
Sounds a lot like Robyn! Great song.
Man the lack of talent in today’s music is just depressing. Glad I listen to metal.
This is the music stolen today. Led Zepplin stole Taurus from Spirit.
This is the scientific way of writing a song: dont reinvent the wheel, make it better 😂
No surprises here. I’m still shocked that nobody called out Green Day for the part of Jesus of Suburbia that was a direct lift from Motley Crue’s On With the Show.
9 people to write it and it's not even that good.
I would love to see you do a what makes this song great for welcome to the black parade by my chemical romance
I'm a pophead,  pop is absolutely my favorite genre,  but why are lazy lyrics such a staple for it?  There's nothing more grating than a great song with multiple placeholder lyrics that somehow make it into the final track.  IMO Taylor Swift is the worst about it
You're right! The lyric should have been, "I can't EVEN go on the Internet, IN this ever changing world IN which we live IN!!!" 😂
Yea, you're right, like the song !!
Retribution from Masters of the Universe in 3...2...1...    Love what you're doing.  Keep it up!
My question is this... in either of these songs, is there actually someone playing a real instrument? Sounds 100% fake computer generated stuff.
I totally agree, this song is aaaawwesome!!  Also, love your commentaries of songs! ;-)
I feel like Katy Perry thinks that she has nothing left to lose at this point.
Guess I'll dust off the acoustic and try this chord progression
Both songs are just lame. But then I am not the target. I would like to see video how 9 people is producing 4 minute song that is so simple.
Personally I prefer the Dagny song, it doesn't sound so over-produced.
And just like that Rick Beato became a super star DJ
I find that Ab Major lends itself to being programmed with more ease on smaller MIDI controllers. With the 1major chord in Ab Major having a C as the the 3rd, and many synth lead melodies these days have the 3rd as the topline, it makes sense for this to be the case.
I also love pop music and hate lyric writing like that.   Reminds me a little of "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" by Poison, where Bret Michaels couldn't, apparently, come up with just one more simile in a song already filled with them.   Bridge: "like a knife that cuts and the wound heals."  Final verse: "and to see you cuts me like a knife."
I like the mash the best. Both at the same time and synchronized.
Dang what does the Dagny version sound soooo much better
The intro reminds me of "issues" by Julia Michaels.   Really nice song, as well.
They need to develop a different credit for people who 'modify' or 're-arrange'   The thing you didn't say, is why there are so many writers on the Katy Perry side of the ledger.  It isn't because it takes that many people to 'adapt' one song into another, its so Katy Perry's people gets a bigger cut of the profits on the song than the actual writers.  Pile as many names on there and everyone gets an equal share.
Hey Rick,,, isn't "A" flat major simply the corresponding note in 440 hertz  that "A" would be in 432 hertz tuning??? I notice many Yogic or Vedic songs,   bhajans, kirtans, mantras etc are presented in that specific frequency tuning as it has a tremendously spiritual vibration inherent to the entire thing. In which case pop songs done in "A flat major" would provide a very similar spiritual nuance feeling of joy.
killer mashup!
Nobody breaks it down like Rick!   Thanks for doing these :)  Edit: Almost 2M!!!
Kinda sounds like the Chords to The Who - Baba O'Riley .too.
Danny is the tits man. Kinda shitty for narcissist Katy Perry to rip her off. Perry is a sellout.
Liking this stuff HAS to be a guilty pleasure!! Whereas 80’s Pop was music you had to feel guilty by NOT feeling pleasure from it!!  Also...why am I getting the vibe from “All Through The Night” from Cyndi Lauper?? 🤔🤷‍♂️
Almost as many comments as views so far. I love your enthusiasm as much as I admire your ear for what makes great production.
Other than the lyrics, it is the same song. At least they credit right.
Great breakdown! Thanks Rick.
Baba O'riley likes this post.
Great songs are great songs regardless of the genre. Same goes for decent ones. lol
What I really like about the march snare drum is that it sounds originally like a Scottish bagpipe band.
Zedd also responsible for the similar sounding middle with Maren Morris. Starts in a very similar way.
gotta say its weird knowing that Rick Beato listens to modern pop songs in his car
Too many cooks in the kitchen can really make a crappy soup.
I like follow him .
My biggest complaint with modern pop (among many complaints) is what you pointed out, Rick: there are 9 writers, and yet nothing of substance in the lyrics. I'm not asking for deep intellectual meaning, but you're right, using "even" twice in one line is lazy. Someone get them a thesaurus 😂
isnt it Dr Luke who is stealing songs from other artists
Is it bad that I don’t like either version of this song??! 🤷🏻‍♀️
Never thought of listening to either of these songs till the explanation. Love the breakdowns, Rick. Thank you for your channel. 👊👍
Another great breakdown, thanks again for all your videos Rick!
As far as pop music goes I actually think never really over was one of my top favorite pop songs of the 2010s, just love the song. Didn't know about its origins though, thats interesting. 🦌
Those two lame lines of lyrics were Katy Perry's writing contribution!
Amazing. Modern producer's wet dream.
question: what is harder to make? a great rock song or a great pop song? idk why but for me rock/metal sounds more technical and artistic. mb its cause of the types of instrument they use, and lets not mention the lyrics!
Nacer es un plagio
It needs 9 writer credits to prevent a court case.
Yet another reason why pop music today is pure excrement.
Rick @ 3:46 = 🤯😱 ---🤣🤣🤣
Ok , altough I admire ur videos and ur slflessly "teaching" music to us ignorants, i must say: u're sugarcoating hell saying this about pop garbage songs!
Zedd's dead   lol
So.....how many of the 6 writers on the KP team actually wrote much and who just happened to be in the room and said "That sounds cool...".
I’d love to hear a breakdown of songs on Grimes’ album Art Angels. So many layers.
"This is why people hate pop music, or people that I know who hate pop music, why they hate it."  Code for Rhett Shull
Shocking.  Remember when Marvin Gaye's family sued Pharrell and that other dude, because their song had the same "vibe and feel" of Got To Give It Up???  They lost that suit.   And one of the judges even said that the two songs "differed in melody, harmony and rhythm". They still lost.  Shocking.
Is the song about John Mayer? That’s the real question.
This to me just re-enforces why these songs have NO staying power.  While songs from other periods keep getting rediscovered, especially being in Covid world where people are board and reacting to all this old music on YouTube.
Imagine how good the Katy Perry track would have sounded with Dagny singing it.
Katy Perry isn't my bag, but this song ain't too bad.
Geez I fucking hate modern pop music.
Yeah ! lol  - The Who !  - Who's What ? 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Modern "muzak" is utter shite!  ..end of story
Beato is rockin’ out to some Katy Perry!
Rick, I am continually impressed with your ability to appreciate music like this, analyze it, and find insightful things to say about it.
...and there are "music lovers" who have purchased or subscribed to both songs and think they're different. It's more about money and star power than creativity and originality. Proof, modern pop all sounds the same. B o r i n g.
It's time for Nick to ditch his guitar collection and embrace what he is dreaming to do: becoming a producer of bubbly pop songs
at least it was all done above board. what's the issue here?  this kind of thing happened relentlessly in the 50's 60's with no sharing of writing credits or nods to the original.
How much of a pop music is originated from the artist? The singing obviously, sometimes the lyrics? That is what, 30%, with the rest being written and performed by the producers? And how about rock music? And metal?
rick  all these modern pop songs sound the same to me lol
Who wrote these two lines? Me! I’m the tenth song-writer on this track.
its a rip off. BUT would one knew it if not Perry's brandname?  From the creativity POV - thats sucks.
Your ear was made by Marvel studios !
Still better than Phish.
Didn't Katy Perry also rip off that Sara Bareilles song "Brave" with her song "Roar"?  Katy Perry has a long history of directly stealing from other Artists.
What did they do to give Katy Perry's voice that digital staccato effect in the chorus? Bet she can't  sing it like that live.
Zedd sucks. He's always cheesing his songs
Any possibility that they had 9 people given writing credit to spread out the blame if they get sued so its not all on Katy and her Millions?
Man, Rick, I really love your videos. I always get really inspired by your videos and learn so much. You can really feel how enthusiastic you are about music and it's so contagious. I am a young producer from Germany, play the piano for over 17 years and just started the guitar.  You also got me inspired to make some explanation videos myself on my songs.  Your content is real gold keep it up! Thank you :)
So interesting and entertaining watching this! You should become a detective. 🤭🤫  All I know is I'm not in the field by any means but it's just so interesting because I am a Music lover and you breaking down this music just shows how much there is to it.  You have to have one hell of a memory to remember all the various instruments that you play, amazingly by the way!🤪🤪😜🤔😉😁
Call em out Beato.
Rick please have a conversation with Martin O'Donnell! The composer for the Halo video game series! Dude is a musical master, I'd love to see what you guys talk about!
i'll never dis-like....but booooooooooooo! synthetic garbage.  EVERYTHING is fake! vocals especially, bass, ...what guitar is in there....and the DRUMS and that annoying keyboard. its so perfectly fake!
This is why I NEVER listen to chick pop music. It’s also a violation of Article 148 of the Bro Code: A Bro never listens to chick music...in front of other Bros.
Disposable muzak. Listen then wipe. Dispose of with care (can be toxic).
Rick Beato, provoking bogus copyright claims like an absolute mad lad. I love it! Great video as always.
nah I'm not doing that..! I think they played this at Mickey and Minnie's wedding???
A sneaky, unlisted Katy Perry WMTSG. Nice.  And I'm with you Rick - a good hook is a good hook no matter the genre or style. Always something to learn from.
Either way. Both rubbish.
Jesus...
"Cause I can´t even go on the internet   without even checking your name".   Wow, I think I'm gonna take some inspiration from THAT line.                  Said no one ever.
Hey question for you producer guys out there: That cool bass sound used in these tracks in the background... sounds Like a bass-sequencer or something?... Does that have a name? I need that in my life via means of a plugin online! hahaha!
So .. all they did was give Dagny credit and moved on?  Not sure it would end there if it sounded like the Eagles or some song written by the generation hoping to retire on royalties.
Glad to be here b4 its taken down by Katy perrys robot lawyer team
Given a choice, I'd MUCH rather listen to the Dagny original.  Katy Perry doesn't do a thing for me as a vocalist, regardless of production values.
Do I hear a Pop song for "What Makes This Song Great?" coming soon?
That hard panning thing is actually a really good way to compare two similar-sounding songs
💯
8:17 feels like a Max Martin thing to me, the rhythm is more important than the words.
Katy Perry ...lol
so many people to just copy a song
Fiona Apples album was nominated for a Grammy.  Have you listened to it?  Would love your take on it.
omg, embarrassing 🙈...Only professional musicians know how to detect such findings. Just like software engineers or chemists ... detect access codes ...9:44... There’s a ‘Savage Garden’ song called, “I Want You.” they sing in the exact way as THIS song. Please consider taking a listen...
KP is a terrible excuse for a "singer".
I get it, you’re hot for Katy Perry. It’s cool with me, bro.
Dagny! nice!
Hah hah hah 9 writers? NINE?!?! 🤦🏻‍♂️
Actually I believe Zedd was inspired by this song from Dagny and asked permission to use the instrumental structure. Dagny is credited for this single by Katy Perry.
Super interesting again👍  Continously stopping before the B part of the chorus made me really anxious 😆
Ugh
Great work
How dare you bring this voter fraud,,,  I mean "pop fraud" to light!
It all sounds the same.
Rick really feeling that Katy Perry.. I love it! lol
Soon there will be a single backing track for all vocalists to audio-tune over.
Does a track like that need that many people to write such a simple (and crappy) track??  lol.
Busted Dagny lol. Love your work and style Rick. Your'e like a musician forensic. Your brain is a work of art, so creative. Wonderful.
Next compare Katy Perry's 'Roar" to Sara Bareilles's 'Brave.' Whoo boy, Katy doesn't hide her thefts at all!
Seeing the title on my feed - again with this "Dark horse" thing? But hey
The thing is while fundamentally similar, both tracks do have their differences. I believe this may have been a case where the original copyright holder pursued a lawsuit on Katy Perry, but then they paid the original guys a lot of money to keep hush and have credits. Smells to me like a money situation.
Prediction - Katy Perry will NOT be coming to your Christmas party...
I mean...yeah, they borrowed from the original song. They voluntarily professed that, contacted the original artist, and gave them songwriting credit (and thus royalties). That doesn't bother me.  Artists have been ripping each other off forever. But this is one of the most polite ripoffs I've ever seen.
Is music industry so poor nowadays? No one is composing?
By weeks end she will release the mashup of this and say she was inspired by Rick
Bless you for even knowing what a marching snare is. You just made this old drum & bugle corps marcher happy.
Katy is like Danny Ocean. She steals, but damn...  The charm.
Rick will be demonetized on this video quickly.
You think the Katy Perry track is a "good" song?!? Ummm, yeah... I'm gonna hafta go ahead and sort of uhhh....... disagree with you there. Yeah...
The chorus rhythym  in Never Really Over reminds me of School of Seven Bells's Open Your Eyes
Thanks Rick.  ⚓️
Brain rot.
i always hated coldplay for ripping off computer love... still haven't forgiven them to this day
Ouch !! You Rock, Rick !!!!
So didn't Katy Perry copyright the Em7 chord?  :-)
Clarity is a garbage song. I'm apalled that you claim to like it.
Lawsuit coming lol
Two pop songs that are almost exactly the same? No way! LOL
"I know it's pop music, but come on! Who wrote those 2 lines?"  I guess they needed a 10th writer who could possibly write some decent lyrics.
There’s a finite number of chord progressions...... it’s a big number, but it’s finite. The more music that’s written, the more it will will sound like something that’s already been done.  There’s 12 possible notes in an octave and there will never be any more.
9:20 - "TEENAGE WASTELAND! IT'S ONLY TEENAGE WASTELAND! OH-HO!" (Yes, "Baba O'Riley" is a minor third below these two songs.) 10:30 - Oh, good, Rick noticed. :-)
What I want to know is why were you listening to this crappy music to begin with lol
But let's be honest - the Dagny song and the Katy Perry song BOTH sound derivative, and sound like a hundred other songs. No real originality at all.
I like the two songs combined better then either by itself.
Rick’s lookin fresh today
How the hell does it take nine people to write a damn song?!
Whats the big deal, they credited Dagny, probably great for who was it again?
What Headphone are you using?
Wait... isn't that Baba O'Reily? Whoops, commented before I "even" got to 10:28
I really like you talking about current pop music, it's very interesting to hear what you have to say.
LOL, Rick goes from “Katy Perry ripped off this song” to “What makes this Katy Perry song great?”   Rick, I hope you never lose your enthusiasm for music of all styles!
"Inspired" ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
After this Dagry will get a couple clicks.
Could you please do a "What makes this song great" on The Humbling River by Puscifer!
Lol 🤣 Nice to know musicians now a days think outside the box. Golden Country by Reo Speedwagon for a what makes this song great ?
With headphones on it's unmistakably the same song.
Teenage wasteland....teenage wast.....it is too Baba O'Reily, both of them.
"music", by Committee !   LOL   But, I will say, the Perry song, had much more interesting Percussion.
I only hear the macarena
I can’t be mad at somebody with knockers as nice as Katy’s
The amount of old people jumping on the hate new music in the comments is astounding
*Copy Perry*
Junk
I really wish Fleetwood Mac didn’t block stuff. They’re at least in my top 4 or 5 favorite bands ever, and I would love to hear you talk about them
You should cover Dani California and Mary Jane's Last Dance and do this with them.
You better know that a strike and some hate is coming from her "people."
5:41 Godamnit man haha
If you are reading this, you will be a musical genius like Rick Beato.
Holy cow - I like the Katy Version. I’m glad they gave Dagny credit.
The last time I was this early, Katie Perry was making original, but terrible songs
So this is a rip off but Stairway isn’t a rip off of Taurus? Biased much?
= why modern pop music is trash...
I don’t personally care for that music anyways 🤮
Are you surprised? Cookie cutter music. Its bound to happen
The music industry nowadays...
So, I read the thumbnail and laugh out loud.  I’m so glad I don’t listen to either artist.  I am a BIG fan of *CLARITY* though.
Now put out the processed hybrid as your own and give each of them a credit.
Here before the video gets a copyright claim
Def a rip off i like katy perry's version tho
You're so incredible and also interesting to watch. I love your videos... a genius!
Dagny have the original... she is from Norway
I never would have paid attention to either of that drivel.
Rick, Katy Perry, really? You must be really bored. Lol.
You should do a Grateful Dead what makes this song great!
She’s a Disney cabal puppet. Sad sellout..one of many engineered MKultra “artists”. Your soul is more valuable than any dollar figure. Now..how bout some ROCK & ROLL music folks!?! ✌️🤘🇨🇦
lol, the song formula is running a bit more viscous daily.  As an aside is the “super-tonic” mandatory these days as well?
Nails on a chalkboard
epic video as always Rick!
I am not surprised, at all. not one bit
How do you listen to that crap?
This is why I can listen to pop songs nowadays. They all sound the same and don’t really have that long lasting magic like artists like the Beatles or anyone like them.
Wow amazing they both sound the same: like trash
RICKY
Here in sweden the name Dagny is only for ladies over the age of 100.
Wow, I'm actually early for once. My only wish is for a what makes this song great on soma by the smashing pumpkins
Woah
Te pasas de gato
