only recently realised how cheap it is to get the bus from Stansted Airport here. This is my new hub for whenever I travel to Kent to see my friend
There's part of this story you have left out.  When the tunnel was under construction, it was envisaged that border controls would continue to be harmonised and Britain would eventually join Schengen. The tory forefathers of the Brexit mob, were horrified by this because they were told by consultants that connectivity would be a tangible benefit of EU membership, especially for struggling areas in the North. So they lobbied to cancel both Regional Eurostar and Nightstar by demanding border bureaucracy that rendered services unviable. They got their way of course and ever increasing isolationism, eventually made Ebsfleet and Ashford services unviable too. It's time the public were told the FULL history of the Brexit mob and how they were conspiring to undermine UK prospects, long before a referendum was even announced.
Whilst air travel may be faster when travelling within Europe, the same is not necessarily true if your point of origin is outside Europe. I once endured a 3.5 hour queue to get through the border at Heathrow terminal 3 arriving from Tokyo. My next visit from Tokyo I went to Paris then caught Eurostar and arrived at my central London hotel 20 minutes faster than it had taken when I flew to Heathrow. I was also feeling less stressed but decidedly lighter in the wallet.
I think Stratford International sounds more interesting than Stratford High Speed
Eurostar moved to St Pancras another preference for those living in north London.  The Ebbsfleet  line was great and again stopped what a waste of infrastructure money and opportunities for local  areas
There is also Ebbsfleet international and Ashford international.
The emphasis on "will" when talking about hs2 providing a high speed link between London and the north has aged well.
I remember working at Longsight Depot in Manchester and reading “Eurostar est ici” on the side of the new shed. No it wasn’t!
Thanks very much for your amusing and informative video.
Wow, such false advertising!  I have lived in London / South-east all my life, and have always assumed that (since 2009) France-bound trains from St Pancras stop at Stratford Int to pick up passengers. I mean why else would it have 'International' in its name??
why is Birmingham international called Birmingham international when there has never been international trains calling there and there are no international platforms?
There are two other 'phantom international  stations', both in Kent, Ebbsfleet International, near Gravesend, and Ashford International. International trains used to stop there, but were 'temporarily suspended' during the 2020/21 covid emergency but not reinstated afterwards in spite of pressure on Eurostar to do so. Seems a classic case of 'temporary means permanent'.
Eurostar goes straight by the Stratford station, it was disappointing as most train projects in the uk
This country is so hopeless at building new and bringing in infrastructure .
Ah yes, my favourite. Stratford Isn’ternational.
I dont think budget short haul airlines have a long term future given their environmental impact either
Stratford, Ebbsfleet these poor stations.
you can also take eurostar to lille and amsterdam
I’m pretty sure the same thing applies with Ebbsfleet International and Ashford International
Having demolished my old paint firm to make way for the Olympic Park maybe Stratford railway station was name International so that foreign visitors were aware that they had arrived at the Games venue ?
Why not have Stratford International have a Eurostar 2 that if possible could run to Scandinavian countries?
They should've called it Stratford HS1
A high speed train to Europe. Ryanair: Hold my beer, Stratford Westfield international.
Linking South London with more tram or tube: no funds😂 Building an international station by a shopping mall: yes please😮
Extending Bakerloo line: no money  An international station serving a shopping mall: yes!😂
It is international now because of Westfield 😂
You can get to Cyprus from there
“HS2 will provide a link to the North” 😭😭😭
I read, half of the Londoners don't have a British passport. London has all the right to call every station "International". 😀
As someone who lives in Kent, it's hard enough having good train service between the Medway towns, I could never imagine having any good international service from Stratford.
Why aren't the stations at Stratford, Ebbsfleet, and Ashford, all simply renamed 'HS1' or 'High Speed' after their first names? None of them provide continental travel now.
I learned about rail passport control when I rode Amtrak from Seattle to Vancouver, BC. The train ran like a completely normal train through Washington state until it crossed into Canada and made no more stops until it pulled into a platform completely exposed to the weather and walled in by tall fences.   At the very doorway of the station building stands the Canadian customs guard to check each passenger individually. Going the other way, you can check-in first before departure and then wait for your train, but entering from the U.S. makes you feel like a refugee. Border controls are why I'm doubtful about plans to connect Chicago with Toronto and southern Ontario by rail.
Stratford International should be renamed Stratford (HS1).
And then they cancelled hs2
I was told that it was called Stratford international because of the olympics, I guess they were wrong
I've only just realised that Stratford International and Stratford (London) aren't the same station, although they're very close. Then there's Stratford upon Avon, which isn't.
A shambles
5:54 that part didn't age too well, as of October 2023 they're cutting off the Manchester and Leeds branches of HS2 and seemingly only going to Birmingham Curzon Street
Re-name it Stratford City.....
Certainly is quite the white elephant, would have not been too bad had they pushed through with the HS2-HS1 link to connect Old Oak Common with Stratford International and bypassing both Euston & St Pancras International. Other ideas include a NLL stop at High Meads Loop next to the DLR stop before running to Chingford via a reinstated Hall Farm Curve, with the elevated DLR stop at Stratford being rebuilt so its not only alongside the Central line and other platforms but also links up with Stratford International DLR to create a loop (saving a 15-20+ min or so walk) with scope for an additional DLR stop at Montfichet Road by International Way for the local community.
Oh I remember getting the slow train out of Waterloo to go to the Paris Gard Du Nord back in 1997 for the first time ever. Of course the train sped up a real lot once in Northern France !  and connecting having Eurostar trains from Paris terminate at Waterloo, all I can think is some people in the Department for Transports were having a good chuckle at that .  Yes , Stratford International, just why isn't it used ? I guess the passport control would be painful, maybe not enough passengers want to get out at Stratford. I dunno. Seems a waste to me. Well it is a waste.  But the bigger question is why isn't HS1 going to directly connect to HS2 ? That seems completely bonkers to me ! Even more bonkers than building a station that really isn't used .
Ashford and Ebbsfleet aren't international anymore either
If we ever want to reduce co2 we need electric trains. CTRL will need more capacity in the future. 500 mile journeys should be by rail not air.
Funny how Eurostar has had to reduce capacity because of brexit. I’m not sure the demand is much lower but capacity is hampered by passport processing times.
Recently I got tickets on the Eurostar for £100 Return tickets. £50 for each journey. Pretty much the same as taking a bus. Only that in order to do it that way, you have to arrive at the train stations at crazy times.
Neither are Ebbsfleet, my local station, and Ashford International stations now 😡🤬
Here in the U.S., we have hundreds of "International" airports that have never served a single international flight, in many cases with no justification other than that they have at least some of the facilities to take an international flight if it was ever needed.
I swear Jago took great lengths to avoid mentioning Ashford International lol
Pre Covid I used the Marseille service from St Pancras. As a northerner there wasn’t a service early enough in the morning to get me there so I had to travel down the night before and stay overnight. A regional Eurostar service would saved me a day and expense. Such a shame it never happened.
For several years before the regional Eurostar services were formally abandoned, their timetable was published in the national railway timetable book with a footnote saying “to be introduced during the validity of this timetable”. The trains were ready, but it never happened. It seemed such a waste. I wonder if any other services appeared in the timetable book but never ran.
The funny thing is with all the extra travel to airports and from airports which - for good reason - tend to be outside of the city it actually is much more convenient and faster to take the train from pretty much City Center to City Center, even with border and wait time at the station being nearly identical. However most of the times flight ARE a fraction of the price of the train. So in my opinion there absolutely would be interest in many more international lines to many more European cities if it was a LOT cheaper.
Fantastic knowledge about the station.
Simply love this channel with no disruptive background  music louder than the speech or even ads in between. This nonexisting elements are crucial to help the audience better understanding what is the video 's tale about. Would spend hours watching every video explaination. Congratulations for the extraordinary work contributing to Britain's history knowledge for future generations.
Maybe the original Sid was a cocker-knee so they used a sparrow because he was a cheeky, cheerful cockney sparrow
What do you think as I call it - "Stratford City (i)Westfield(i/)", high speed railway station (i)a.k.a. HS1(i/)?
I wonder if those services to the north were going to use existing rail lines or was that some sort of a prelude to High-Speed 2.
7:21 So this original (and presumably human) Sid which the sparrow mascot is based on often dressed in a waistcoat and no trousers...?
It would have been much better than hs2 Carlisle and Edinburgh deserve a betterment connection to London
Ebbsfleet is more international than Stratford
I really think there’s no good reason why HS2 can’t be connected with HS1 at Stratford International. It might be my train-loving rose-tinted glasses talking here, but I reckon there’s more of a market for Eurostar Regional services than the big-wigs believed at the time, I mean there must be a reason that Eurostar connects so many different locations in Europe but only one in the UK.
Love driving St. Pancras - Dover Priory on Train Sim World. Stratford is a beautiful station.
I hate that the UK government refuses to get involved with the climate impact airlines have. It's baffling that there is so much bloody lip service for climate shift but those wretched capitalist ninnies do NOTHING to rectify our situation. Bloody imperialist snots
They keep selling us these connected transport dreams. Like with the Elizabeth Line they said you'd be able to go from Shenfield to Heathrow and all the miney just6went on purple paint to rebrand existing lines. Now a ot of jobs in London can be dine remotely so they would have been better off spending the money on connecting up other cities in the regions
I find it weird they didn’t even make the station big enough for the facilities to make it international. Definitely a wasted station
I just hope that one day Hs2 and Hs1 link together so we can get Euston International, Birmingam International, and Manchester international.
Using High Speed One's rationale any station that can get you directly to St Pancras can call itself International.   All hail Uxbridge International
Great video. ☺️
Thanks 👍 muchly for this great little vid, Mr Tom!  - Just a word about the supposed "building" of a "new" Mancunian HS2 depot ....... well the infamous "L'Eurostar habite ici" signage (+ mandatory Euro 'star symbol') proudly adorned the lineside of this long shed for some years. Until it became obvious that Westminster once again told us Northerners 'where to get off' (ie. ~189mi. to the South!). At that point I'd sincerely hoped the signage would be amended to read "L'Eurostar n'habite pas ici." But no. . The shed itself WASN'T NEW - it was a lot older and was simply going to be re-purposed for that handful of NoL - North of London - 373/2 sets. . It stands pretty much on the site of the old Longsight Sta. (latterly a BR staff-halt), on the opposite side of the tracks - facing Longsight Depot and had been home (for a while, at least) to tilting high-speed electric Pendolino stock. It had, for a time, also been used by Freightliner, way back in the past. * In MUCH older times, a spur on the opposite side of the mainline headed off to the nearby Belle Vue zoo and pleasure gardens.
I went on the Eurostar when it was from Waterloo - it really did trundle through the UK until it hit France then it went so fast it took your head off. Al Murray made a great joke about the Eurostar wanting to get out of France and away from the French as quickly as possible, and when it got to England it slowed right down so it could take in the beautiful British scenery. He wasn't wrong!!
As an aside - Sid, the 'Cockney Sparrer' emblem was born out of the later British Rail pre privatisation regime, where many individual repair and maintenance depots adopted a personalsation of locomotives, diesel and electric units allocated to their depots. Scottish depots chose the emblem of a Scottish terrier, and there were many themes local to their areas chosen by others. Stratford's personalisation started with silver painted roof panelling on several locomotives, and had union jack flags on the side which started after the painters had tarted one up for hauling the Royal Train!  This changed to the Cockney  sparrow motif not long before the depot finally closed in 1991, and were produced in tribute to the huge  Stratford Works that once employed thousands in East London when it was a major piece of rail infrastructure. All is now lost under the Olympic Park and Westfield Shopping Centre complex, and not many probably know or care nowadays. From what I was told at the time, the name of 'Sid' was a tribute to Sid Hills, one of the characters that abounded in the railway industry and was one of the remaining longer serving staff who started in steam days and finally retired as the works shunting operative when the works closed. Ho hum - history moves on. Great vids. Thanks👍
What a waste this was.
Doesn't the DLR go to London City Airport?
Shame, ain't it? Like, I do prefer cars or coaches in ferries or trains to planes when it comes to mainland Europe travel. I mean, it's quicker imo (even though its less cost effective), and with the ferry u get to see stunning views of the sea, pkus move about as much as u like without much issue.
Regional international services would be in demand if it were open to competition. Eurostar needs competition.
Ive often wondered wondered why there are unused tracks heading away from STP just outside the tunnel portal.   You have answered this question.   Phew.   And if they had pushed Regional Eurostar…..we would not have suffered the fraught horror of  HS2, well at least not as bad….and it would have made so much more sense.   .
There is actually a passport control built into the station but it's largely been turned into an office since it's not really used.
As someone who lives on the Greater Anglia line, I was really happy to see this station open and then disappointed when I realised Eurostar were not going to be stopping there.  The only time I did use it was to visit my friend in Ashford - the downside to that being at the time I used it the DLR connection had not been finished and they put on a bus from Stratford to Stratford International.
Setting aside costs and such it feels almost embarrassing to compare the increasing Eurostar network in Europe - not to mention the sheer interconnectivity of continental rail services anyway - with the paltry network in Britain (three stations, of which two aren't even served by Eurostar currently due to the pandemic). Not to go all 'raving climate liberal' but with the sheer environmental impact of flights I really think an expanded and improved rail service to Europe would be a good idea, for a start serving multiple UK destinations rather than bottlenecking everything into Pancras alone. If HS2 can be funded and built with all the controversy and overruns then it seems like it should've been a no-brainer to connect it to HS1.
Doesn't eurostar keep their trains at Stratford?
Meanwhile Birmingham International is International but not via railway.
Stratford station was the busiest railway station in 2020 - 2021, with entries/exits of 13.985 million passengers. St Pancras came in at number 13, with entries/exits of 6.363 million passengers.   This is 100% less than Stratford, and Eurostar still snub Stratford as a recognised international station. I've haven't even started with the busiest tube stations rankings...
How much does Eurostar cost between London and Paris?  What are the bargain airfares?  What does it cost to get from the airport to downtown?
It would be great if they have a low cost eurostar. In France, we have the Ouigo, which is a low cost version of the TGV train who goes slower, the trains are far in Paris but it can go from 5€.  The low cost eurostar would go from Stratford International to … maybe Stade de France-Saint Denis (a train station quite close to Gare du Nord, the parisian stop. Stade de France-Saint Denis is next to Saint Denis Pleyel, a future station who will be ready for Paris Olympic Games and will be the new main station for the new subways lines (line 14 to 17). Another terminus possible to that would be Disneyland (Marne-la-Vallee). I know there is eurostars stopping there.  It could be great if they do several stops ( like one english close to the channel, Calais, Lille, maybe Beauvais?) , the travel time would be 3:30-4 hours, and the price wouldn’t exceed 80€.
They should drop the" International" from  the name boards Stratford,Only inter city or local trains call there.Another white elephant from British railways
I first traveled on the Euro Star in June 2007 going from Waterloo to Brussels.Traveling on what was called " Leisure Select" The fare included a light lunch,It was a very comfortable,pleasant trip.I had to be at the railway station a couple of hours before departure time.A lady greeted all the passengers.because we where traveling with a group,our luggage was taken care of.We where given a seat number.when we got on the train our luggage was on the rack above our seats!(what a relief!)When we got to Brussels we had to change trains to go onto Cologne.It was the first time we had ever traveled to another country.so it was very strange and exciting for us.The train from Brussels to Cologne was called "Thalys".We where served a light tea.Our tour manager didn't have it because she said it would spoil her evening meal she would have at the hotel in Cologne.It was a big meal.The last time we traveled on the Euro Star was in 2015.We where going to Rotterdam from Brussels on an inter city train,but we traveled standard class on the Euro Star
alternative title: why nobody knows what everyone knows
As far as I know, HS2  won't serve the North of Englan, bu the North Midlands (Manchester, Leeds, Liverpool). The North  ( North Lancashire, Cumbria, North Yorkshire, the North East) will continue to be neglected, and may even be worse off if more business is attracted to the aforementioned places. Governments seem to believe that nothing and no one exist north of Manchester: perhaps in time we won't, if current neglect continues.
I notice how shite the South East railway was when I went there recently
The UK and EU could really easily make it possible to link the UK to the big SNCF, Trenitalia, and ICE networks, and to make it affordable and even preferable to air travel, plus the UK could learn so much from DB and the internal German ICE services. These are all political choices. And I think one side is getting more and more open to making them, but the other....
JUST CALL STRATFORD INTERNATIONAL STRATFORD AND THEN MAKE A TUNNEL FROM THE STRATFORD TO STRATFORD INTERNATIONAL
More like Stratford Intranational
the reason DLR was closed is because it rained 2 cm.
I love train travel and it would always be my first choice of long distance transport within Europe but... It is just not affordable.  Austria does an annual unlimited public transport ticket called Klimaticket. They do regional versions, as well as a more expensive national version. I would love to one day see an agreement across Europe for a continental Klimaticket.
It served the Olympic site in 2012.
Cute wagtail at 4:43
Funny that I can't even dream of a white elephant train station.. because there are no trains here, and the only real new train goes to the new... white elephant airport
Stratford International is built of unremitting brutalist undecorated concrete. The idea that you'd be pleased to have reached your destination and get off there (or spend time waiting for a train there) is absolutely laughable.
About right, along with stuffing Ebbsfleet and Ashford into the fold.
how mean to call your donors the international to your stratford, are you saying theyre meaningless and fake?
Westfield Stratford is a nasty place. The shops are ok but the customers. let's just say wear a stab proof vest.
My Mother was instrumental in getting the channel tunnel rail link moved from its original planned route. It was going to go through our house in Bexley!
Brilliant to hear that you went to the inauguration ceremony of Eurostar! Would love to hear your memories/see any photos on another video.
The Brits: Building a tunnel with the French across the English Channel as a sign of friendship Also the Brits: *Own the French by having the London terminus be at Waterloo*  Ah yes...the duality of man
Great explanation but maybe next time a few maps/illustrations? Pretty hard to visualize the places when one's not from London...
Tell you what, let other low-cost operators use HS1 as promised and let's see again what the demand is then.
....and suddenly MLB World Series comes to mind! 🤭😉😆😂
Hello from Kansas 🇺🇸
Such a shame that Eurostar doesn't want to serve more intermediate stations like Stratford or since the start of the pandemic Ashford. I hope they don't permanently end service to Ashford.
4:43 nice footage of a bird that’s a wagtail
Uh, that's interesting to learn...
Coming from the South East of Kent I've never much minded Stratford. A few years back (I'm not so sure about now) you could get a service from Stratford up to Ipswich which made travel from Kent to Suffolk very easy and without going though the center of London.
And then course, Night Star. More expensive rolling stock specified, ordered, built but never used.
I like Stratford international there's a real ale pub outside and you can play the piano in the terminal lol  ,true story though
What about overnight trains from north of the UK to France. This line need not be a high speed section.
But will budget airlines remain cheap as they currently are? I doubt that their model is sustainable in the long run.
I’d quite like its austere greyness to be softened with hanging baskets and flowerbeds with white painted stones arranged to spell Stratford International amidst the blooms. Of course, the ‘international’ bit could be swallowed up with weeds to reflect reality rather than aspiration. Such a scheme would not only be green (mainly) but also convey the sense that someone took a pride in their local station, just as in steam days, even if it wasn’t true.
One of your best. Cynically good for a change!
Is this the  same situation at Ashford International.  Great video 👍
More like stratford intranational
As a frequent traveller on the line SI is a very interesting station as I am a sucker for Brutalism - there is a very carved out of the rock feel to the station and the high rise buildings make it seem deeper than it actually is - I always thought it too close to St P but did not really delve deeply into its history. At the time of writing both Ebsfleet and Ashford are not open to the international trains (heaven knows why) and it means that if you live on the Kent Coast then one has to travel to St P to get a train back from to where one came from so that one can visit Paris - it is all rather Heath Robinson at present . Compare this to the set up in Lille then you will get my meaning - This rail link was well ahead of its time and air travel will have to share its space as the green lobby gathers force - I hate flying so it is a no brain decision for me but I am really proud of the Channel Tunnel and the associated network. SI might be becalmed at present but watch this space - to finish West Ham United must have the most spectacular railway station on the network - it certainly puts Manchester United's to shame ....
It is so nice that Great Britain is nice enough to be so bad that it makes the USA seem comparatively okay.
i came into this video with no interest in stratford international. But i leave with interest and a new interest in high speed 2. Thanks
The most northern a Eurostar would ever go was York and Leeds... Kind of. When GNER ran the service on the East Coast mainline, they leased a few Eurostar Class 373 trainsets, painted them the wonderful GNER blue with red stripe, and called them the White Rose Express. And they ran like that for a few years, until GNER went bankrupt and they were sent back to Eurostar.
"Benefitting the already rich", the catchcry of the (two thousand and) 20s. 😕
Nice architecture .
The dropping of the critical mile between Euston and St Pancreas was the first indication that HS2 was going to be cut back to being a pointless white elephant rather than the basis for a 21st Century UK rail network.
It is a extremely frustrating waving to Stratford 'International' passing it on on the way in to Liverpool Street from North Essex. Following with having to take one of those uniquely expensive London taxi rides across to St. Pancras, even if the driver does take you the shortest route though one can never be sure that will happen. Traffic all snarled up guv so have to go this way. We used to stay in a hotel overnight then get the train out in the morning.
But are flights really quicker? London-Brussels (city center to city center) seems to me quicker by rail
Ah.... the cockney sparrow 😀😀
I have used Stratford 'International' to visit a friend in Chatham, a while ago, and it is an excellent service, although the station was deserted and had that 'white elephant' feel about it.  As to Stratford itself, I know it well from its pre-Olympic days, and although it's not true to say it was completely run-down, it always had a thriving shopping centre and good bus connections, undoubtedly the Westfield Centre and the travel hub improvements has brought money into the area and new, younger residents.
Highspeed trains are rarely cheap
london st pancras gang
I’ve noticed that you’re allowing the train beauty shots to take up more time in the video. I heartily approve!
I was always a fan of this Station. Probably my most used one, as that DLR line to Stratford is fantastic for an easy way from Kent to Essex without having to go through a million changes. It's an easy hop from Kent to Stratford, then up to Norwich
Speaking of things that 'don't quite'. Why are almost all British railway stations in the 'wrong place' and don't quite allow easy transfer to onward trains, buses or even places that people really want to go to?
I use Eurostar quite frequently. My biggest issue with them is that you need to be at the station at least 30-45 mins early, since you never know how much queue there will be. I understand why of course, but it still bothers me...
Thought the Eurostar went through Stratty
it is international as it services the nearby facking airport?
Here in Kent we have 2 non international stations - Ashford and Ebbsfleet International.  So it's either a time consuming ride into London and back out or trying to catch a non existent ferry from Dover
This is like those small American airports.  Portland International Jetport in Maine is purely domestic (I know as it was my local for a few years) - unless Canada counts as International (couple flights from Toronto etc)
Britain has always been a rubbish let down
I used to watch the Eurostar trains plod through Penge at 15mph
my understanding was that the Eurostar route into St Pancreas passes thru Stratford, and with the Olympics coming it was thought sensible top put a station there. So why does this video fail to mention Eurostar trains passing thru? Seems like a big omission to me.
I could see it being used for Low cost International services if they ever reach the UK
[cracking knuckles] I think I could solve the puzzle.  Keep in mind that this would assume a windfall of money and getting rid of the putzes in charge.  If it were me, I would plan a high speed rail link between Edinburgh and London with a choice to extend to Inverness.  The seven minute stop between Stratford and St. Pancras would be taken off the tube as a station  and become something more like a tram link to Pancras designed to operate at a very fast pace, a tram every ten minutes.  Thus, you could have a situation where you would go from Edinburgh->London-> Paris.     The train itself would have to be designed to have blazing red hot speed, faster possibly than Eurostar. For those who can't believe it can be done, Elon Musk has come up with prototypes that can break 500 MILES AN HOUR.  That would mean  a train coming from that far north would be a cakewalk.  WHOOOOOOSH!!!    Later, farther into the future, you could add the option of another tunnel that would drop you off somewhere in the Benelux nations.  That would cut into air travel for sure and it could provide a necessary link up to destinations in Germany.  It would double the UK capacity to bring freight from the continent, something Pancras is not designed for,  and it will make a lot of people very happy to skip the ferry.
Perhaps you could do a piece on Ashford International? Another High Speed White Elephant now there are no International trains stopping there. Surely it’s time to reintroduce international  services there?
Great video as usual!   However. You say flying is quicker than the Eurostar. Yes it is, but door to door taking into account all other aspects of the journey, definitely not. After a quick Google, flying from London to Paris is 1hr 30 compared to 2hrs 30, but bear in mind that getting from central London to Heathrow is a good hour, in addition to needing to clear security and customs. Bag collection and travel from the airport to Paris must also be done at the other end.  I grew up in Broadstairs. When we flew out to countries like Italy, the journey felt longer than taking the Eurostar to France. When I took the Eurostar, while I admit this was many years ago, as far as I remember you rock up, show your passport and board. You get off immediately in central Paris.   Even better, we didn't even need to go into London, we'd hop on the Eurostar at Ashford, so easy!
Thanks for this. I use the DLR station 5 days a week.
Like your video 👍👍👍
Utterly crazy that HS1 won't link up with HS2. When it was announced that HS2 would terminate at Euston I thought at least the high speed platforms would be at the eastern side, hence near enough for a travelator connection with St Pancras. But I noticed the other day that all the work is going on on the west, so it looks like another opportunity missed. Anyway the current airport crisis combined with ongoing Brexit chaos might reduce the attractiveness and increase the cost of short flights; St Pancras seems better able to deal with the latter for some reason so Eurostar might be in for a revival sooner.
Definitely NOT a 'Tale (s) From the Tube', but a good story nonetheless, and a lot of nice modern architecture to look at.
'Land' connection
ahhh, so is that what the unused platforms of 1 and 4 were supposed to be used for?
Yeah it’s disappointing in regards to the station, I remember being in school and being so geared up for the new station and the whole “back the bid” london 2012 hype. Saw all those made up pics with eurostars down there in the station, just such a shame they dont make use of those long ass platforms lol
*announcement chime* We will shortly be arriving at Stratford I(n't)ernational
_With regard to through services to and from the North…_  I reckon because of #BREXlT, SNCF and ScotRail or Caledonian Sleeper will collaborate to run a through service just as a political statement. Probably will end up being an even bigger white elephant than Stratford International itself.
Euro Stars depot is very close to Stratford
It seems odd to me that part of the HS2 planning never seemed to consider a short tunnel link from Stratford to a spur north of the new Euston
Didn’t mean to call you Jags, that was a typo!
Good stuff, Jago, many thanks. As an industrial correspondent at the FT in the mid-1990s I wrote about the rolling stock that was build for these ill-fated “Regional Eurostar” services - I think they ended up languishing in some sidings somewhere. So we are talking about broken promises to northern cities re rail links (exacerbated by the rapid rise of low-cost airlines). Can this be true?!
A pointless waste of money, its so typical of our government to waste money on useless projects that never quite work out.
Thx Jago!  I was wondering what that bird logo was (funny, I thought it was a chicken at first) so, glad you filled me in at the end.  You are my the Captain Jack to my Sparrow.
Stratford “un”ternational
Hmnn... so using the HS1 logic, if you live near Bromley-by-Bow, technically it's Bromley-By-Bow International because it's connected by rail to KGX/St. Pancras? Righty-ho.
Victim of snobbery. West Londoners don't want to travel to Stratford to catch a Eurotrain and powers-that-be only want Eurostar for the VIPs. I lived a 10min walk from Stratford station for a year or two when working near Liverpool St Station. Was always so funny to see the overland train from Essex stopping and the commuters sprinting a 100 yards to the DLR platform at Stratford to take them to Canary Wharf. Waterloo was a perfectly fine Euro terminus-from there I got to Paris and another time Brussels, company paid. Stratford station is fascinating. On Central Line. On one platform there is an overland service with a semicircular route which all the domestics use to clean the homes of the rich in Hampstead and west London.
Great video and what a white elephant indeed. Also I know what you you mean. I 've been on airplanes or the  car  and ferry to continental Europe only. I'd like to try world's longest underwater tunnel Eurotunnel one day, but far too expensive. I find it too bad that the cost getting the airport is  usually more  than a flight to Europe! crazy right ;-)
The station’s placement seems akin to Shinagawa Station vis-à-vis Tokyo Station on the Tōkaidō Shinkansen. With enough demand, it shouldn’t be that much of an issue to have it relatively close to St. Pancras.
One day they might rename it Stratford City!
Every time I've used Euro star it's been delayed! I thought it may of been because it has the Stadsted Express train this linking to an airport.
Luxury. Avoid the badly designed stratford station where the spaces oddly bump crisscross and squeeze everyone (bad station design itself deserves a vid)... get a beer at the tap bar by international...  amble into empty station.. get on a very comfy and often nigh empty lec train... whizz/glide straight to st p.
The Eurostar/International Departures lounge at Stratford was an interesting sight; it was equipped with French Juxtaposed passport booths (through the grey painted doors, you might still be able to see them), and a UK Border Force area on the arrivals side. It's identical in internal layout to Ebbsfleet International, if you wondered how it would have worked.  The departures hall and associated back of house areas were used by Bouygues during the construction of the very tall, odd building opposite as construction offices.
I was brought up in Manor Park, and i worked locomotives on & off Stratford TMD in the mid to late 90s..... and i don't recognise any of the views around the International station!....
As with any large scale project especially anything transport related in London it was and still is a complete balls up.
Nice fast piece of track from Stratford International to Ebbsfleet International 👍😊 Use to work at the LIFT at Stratford for Rail Freight Distribution in the early 90's 😊
You could call many areas and cities in England "international" these days without thinking of crossing the channel. Stratford and Bradford might fall into that category.
As someone who lives in Chatham I can tell you we take our fighting very seriously here 😅
They might as well remove the international bit call it Stratford high speed. Get regional Eurostar to take over hs2
I see what you did there - Stratford International versus cheap flights is analogous to a white elephant and the pied wagtail you featured.
What about Ashford international?
Well done Sir
I am always annoyed that Ashford International isn't any more. When I go home to Hastings it would be SO convenient to hop on the Rye line and avoid London!
I hope that sense prevails and Stratford International is renamed as ………………. 🤔
I personally prefer Houston Intergalactic...
They should change the name to “Stratford INTRAnational.”  All they need to do is flip the R and buy some new A’s.  No, “new A’s” is not meant to be a naughty comment about PR. Or is it? 😜
Always felt it was shockingly shortsighted (and typically unjoined up thinking) that HS2 wouldn't link to HS1 offering regional-international services. But who wants to go to Europe anyway? As a proud Mancunian this was a disappointment however. Although I now live in Bristol, which was never going to get connected. Even the electric wires never quite made it to Temple Meads.
I think you're a little harsh on the future prospects for travel from the UK to the Continent. If say the the journey from Manchester / Leeds / Birmingham to Paris / Brussels took under 4 hours there would be a lot of appetite for such a trip. After all hardly anyone flies from London to Paris or Brussels anymore. And the idea of catching a sleeper from the UK to Madrid or Rome is very appealing. The price point is key as well. Everyone knows the service on the budget airlines is poor but people are willing to use them simply because of cost. If the train was only slightly more expensive it would become much more appealing.
The environmental impact of air travel needs to be reflected in the pricing of tickets (air and rail).
Not a new station, just an expanded one.  It was always a major interchange, just not as big as it is now.
When you showed that street sign for International Way (or whatever it was), I thought you were going to say that Stratford International Station had been named because it was on International Way, and never had had anything to do with international travel. Then some amusing description of how International Way got it's name from a retired Belgian candy maker that had lived in that area in 1852.
I worked for SNCF's regional office in Manchester (we also represented other European rail services)  It really was 3 things that killed off the regional Eurostar idea. 1/ the absence of being in Schengen scheme and need for security screening/check in at regional stations not really designed for these.  2/ the existing capacity on the lines. Spare capacity wasn't around and remember this was before the big line upgrades on the Euston InterCity.  3/ the real death nail was the creation of direct sell airlines [I refuse to say low cost because they aren't really as low cost as they make out] suddenly it became easier to phone or click and book a seat on a flight from a regional airport and be sat in bar somewhere within 3-4 hours (or less) from leaving home.  The regional class 373 TGV-TMST's did find service running from London to York and on services from Brussels/Lille to The French Alpes and Mediterranean coast.
Longsight depot in Manchester, on the up side, used to have “Eurostar est ici” on the side. I’ve got a photo somewhere as I visited once for work.
Rename it Stratford Olympic, pure and simple. Otherwise go the whole hog with Stratford Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park station.
Tell me it's not 'International' without telling me it 'international'!!!???!!! 😉🚂🚂🚂
Having worked there, it’s still a massive white elephant
I could *swear* we stopped at Stratford International when I came back from the continent in January 2022.  I remember thinking that we'd never done that before.  Maybe there was a delay ahead and we didn't open the doors?  Hmm...
Couldn’t we argue that the Boat Train that goes to Harwich, Parkeston Quay goes through Stratford (connection to Manningtree and then branch line to Harwich)? It’s tenuous, but exists. But that would also make Colchester and Manningtree “international” too… Hmmm I see your logic.
I think one of the big things that knackered regional Eurostar was simply border control, do you have one at every single one of those regional stations(!) or do you turf everyone off the train at some point in London and do it..
Ghetto
The announcements on the Southeastern Highspeed really verge on annoying: "this train will call at Ashford International, Ebbsfleet International, Stratford International, and London St Pancras International". It's just overkill. Three of them should just drop the "International" (with Ashford getting its "(Kent)" suffix back). Stratford is ironically the one where some sort of suffix is needed, in order to distinguish it from the Great Eastern station: "North" would be much less of a mouthful.
In BR Blue livery days, a portrait of the sparrow used to appear on locomotives from Stratford Shed, e.g. Class 47 ‘Ely Cathedral’ no.47572. Nice to see it’s also commemorated on the International Station plaque.
You can get on a train to Harwich International from Stratford International. Next take the ferry.  Or get stuck on Stratford for 3 hours because of a signaling failure like me. In the end I took a London cab which raced me to Harwich to catch the ferry home. Interesting ride  at high  through the country side because of road closures.
Wasn't there a plan to have Deutsche Bahn trains serve the station to connect London to Berlin? The service was supposed to be in full operation by 2020, but for reasons I can't remember off the top of my head, the plans were shelved. Apparently there are discussions to connect it to the Italian high speed rail network, but don't quote me on that.
Stratford international should have been kept as a proper international connection in a time it didn’t make sense but now Stratford is a huge connection hub for many destinations now that the Victoria line has now gone live to the east and soon west london including Heathrow it doesn’t make sense you have to travel further into london with hs2 only a few years away we should again review Stratford international as a hs3 destination to north s W we need to stop using existing parts and connect areas that have long long been neglected for high speed so areas up to Norfolk onto hull and Middlesbrough all on high speed reducing existing track usage for freight and regional with hup points along the way is the only way we can revive forgotten areas than the old long gone industrial heartland
#37 on trending! Well done Jago!
I was actually wondering this the other day, so thank you.
I may be a bit thick (I did grow up in Tooting). But, why is a line which in all tense and purpose goes south, have it's terminus on the north of the Themes? To me it made more sense when It was at Waterloo.  There must be a sensible reason for it but....
It is an international station, as everyone who uses Stratford station is from all over the world.
Yet another fantastic video Jago I’ve only used this station once to travel from there to Ebbsfleet International which again is not a international station so I don’t know if your cover this station in a future Vlog it would be interesting if you did as I always enjoy watching your videos until your next video keep up the good work my friend take care and stay safe
Mash Potato on Dubliners
Stratford is a sh*thole no matter how much they regenerate it. I just hate the area.
You have trains See how lucky you ate Trains.... Look at that. You are all so well off Trains.... Good enough. Walk Walk to St. PANCRAS. GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU!! 😜
When HS2 was being planned to go into Euston I asked about through trains and was told there would be a connection that allowed a link from HS2 to HS1 avoiding Euston. It is a shame if that does not happen.
"... benefitting the already whealthy" made me cry.
Should be called stratford Westfield
in the defence of those planning it out.... the  UK has a historic tendacy to leave infra projects half finished, and due to that ....how do i put this nicely....the westminster greater area is a traffic clusterfuck ... on the other hand, they could have done far better if they named all hispeed rail eurostar rather then splitting it up in several failing smaller lines (fyra from brussels to amsterdam with no onward connection to name another) I get they wanted support from outside london, its an issue if almost the full of your bulk is in 1 place but looking from sensibility you want international trains to stop at the main place and maybe one or 2 secundary large citys... but certainly no more then that, flying prices aside (which could be taxed i dno) the whole benefit of a international service is only there if it keeps at speed
If they'd built a link between HS1 and HS2, Stratford International could have been the London station for regional eurostar services (alongside or instead of Old Oak Common HS2 station). Alas.
"The railways in the south east of England have always been pretty rubbish" is a sentence that could only be uttered by someone who doesn't regularly try to travel by rail in *any other part of England*. Thanks, Dr. Beeching.
Hear me out: Extended ro-ro services from Dover to Stratford, like the old motor rail at Kensington Olympia. You know it makes sense.
London itself is international
3:30 there were some International trains during the olmypics!
Nice video Jago. In fact the Eurostar service did stop at Stratford International, but only for a very short period during the Olympics. They raised the outer platforms temporarily until the Olympics were over.
Somehow, though honest, Stratford Wishful Thinking, does not have the same ring as its chosen moniker.
Speaking of southern English trains:  In 1959 my family visited London. Dad was USAF stationed in France. We flew to London on a Comet(I was waiting for the wings to fall off). Did all the tourist things over 5 days. We then took the train to catch the ferry back to Le Havre where the car was parked. I was disappointed that the train was not pulled by a steam engine, the compartments did not have doors like all the movies showed, and the power was supplied by third rail like a subway not an overhead wire like a proper railroad. My fourteen year old self felt someone needs to show these folks how to build railroads. Note: in some areas movies translates as cinema.
I remember the fuss over euro star being encouraged to terminate at Stratford, The fuss was they wanted a moving walkway  to the other part of the station and they would not pay for it, Shame really as a station for direct routes to the Continent would have been a wonderful thing and enabled easier access to the continental services.If they could have kinked the lines to the North it would have served the country better, However, no doubt toads living in the way, insects and animal sanctuaries might have also disabled the path of such progress, even as it if the HS  to Birmingham and onward to the North.
I once took the Eurostar from Paris to St. Pancras.  Passed right through Stratford International!  Of course, we didn't stop.  Kept on chugging along.  Possible future videos regarding Ebbsfleet and Ashford?  We did stop to let a handful of people off at Ashford.
The suffix 'international' to station names makes Britain look really insular. No other country does this. And if it wasn't for this suffix no-one would call Stratford Highspeed a white elephant.
Some day I'll do Stratford International when I do more DLR, then go back to St Pancras on a Javelin. I'll do the 2 other HS1 stations when I do more of Kent, and do the gap between the two areas when I eventually ride the Eurostar.
Nothing recently from Ashford international either at the moment. So if I were to get the train to Paris (for example) I would need to get an HS1 train from Ashford to St Panc then wave to Ashford as I go by on the Eurostar.
I want to see underwater maglev tunnel networks in full operation before I die.  I would like to see routes to northern Europe from Scotland via environmentally friendly maglev tunnel networks within this decade.  We are housed upon the same continental shelf and it is a more than probable proposal to begin investments into.  The fields of South Eastern Fife are longing for an international underwater maglev station serving Northern Europe.  I hope to see this in my lifetime. ☯️
Nothing is bigger a middle finger to the French than having an international railway line to France end at a station named after a victorious battle against France!
Its good to know at Stratford International THE BIRD can be spotted.
I've had quite a few people asking if Eurostar stops at Stratford so I guess there would be some demand, I think they should drop the international if its never going to be! Even I fell for this thinking it stops there
The point about cheap air travel undermining the economic case for Eurostar is kind of a case of history repeating itself. We know we need to reduce the number of flights as part of mitigating climate change, and we have a perfectly serviceable rail link that can and should be a perfect tool for offsetting a number of short-haul flights across the Channel. But instead of proactively subsidising those rail journeys and creating disincentives against cheap flights, it becomes a story of "well, nobody's using this inferior service we're not even bothering to properly provide, so that means it was fundamentally flawed." Same logic that led to so many track closures over the years. If you provide people with a good service, then ridership grows. Just wish UK governments recognised that in long-term planning.
Just battled through 50 minutes of nonsense at st Pancras to board the train to Paris. All along all I could think was “I should have flown”
Sometimes I despair at the UK's lack of ability at delivering high speed rail infrastructure. France and Germany have had it for decades. But in the UK HS1 was years late and HS2 is plagued by NIMBY's and people who can't see anything beyond spending every penny the Government has got on the NHS!
What was the reason that HS1 and HS2 don't connect? It seems a bit strange; I don't live in the UK but I'm a massive rail enthusiast, I'm sure you have your reasons and I'd love to know them. Thanks in advance to anybody that can be bothered to respond.
Great and enjoyable video.
England had best get working on bringing their rail up to snuff, all those short distance flights will need be shut down if it will ever make its commitments to carbon reductions, jet air travel is the worst thing for the environment in transportation, especially short flights.  Trains on the other hand can be a lot more efficient...
Much like cars, airplanes are heavily subsidized in a way that rail doesn’t quite manage.
Thank you for the pied wag-tail at 8.04.  They thrive in Westfield and roundabout.
Could the same be said for Ashford international?
Ah Stratford, dear Stratford. I am probably in a substantial minority of people who is now far less likely to go there out of choice now than before the gentrifica…I mean, ‘regeneration’ started. I remember the yards that stretched as far as the eyes could see, the old works buildings and the almost post apocalyptic appearance of the old low level station with its peripheral decoration of random portacabins and dingy old generic Victorian out buildings, any of which could have concealed a missing body for decades and none would be the wiser 🤣  I must admit of course, I do go there frequently but it is usually either because I am driving en route to Liverpool Street at weekends or through engineering works at Fen St, or as an interchange. I refuse to set foot into the retail killing zone that is Westfield and so when I have had occasion to use “International” as an easier way to get to St Pancras (or in the past when my old job occasionally took me to Broadstairs and Canterbury) I either use the DLR or walk a route around the building from Stratford ‘proper’ when I find, like you, the DLR is bloody shut on a Saturday morning en route to the Great Central Railway 🙄  Nice to see mention of Sid. It’s nice when on certain 37s in preservation and occasionally on the main line, you will see a little Sid on the side. It seems however that even that little piece of Stratford has now been given an aesthetic upgrade to a Pied Wagtail 🤣😂😅  (I dearly love Pied Wagtails BTW so that wasn’t a dig 😜)  Splendid stuff sir. Many thanks 👍🍀🍻
This whole video really highlights the absurdly disjointed approach to public transport in the UK.
I always chortle at the "High Speed" trains that get snarled up past Higham crawling up past Strood to join the mainline on that terrible curve and some thinking "oh if we hadn't gotten rid of that other railway bridge" and calls to simply straight line the track over a new bridge over to the old Medway docks and come up to Gillingham using the old naval line seem to be the only way out of the problem.
Much like Cheltenham Spa or Bath Spa but there isn't a spa at the station
I have a feeling that there were some 'ghost' regional trains that ran at night for some time, maybe a prelude to planned services which never materialised. The Daily Telegraph advertised an offer of free Eurostar journeys in the early days. With subtly altered names and addresses, I applied and made three trips on them Waterloo to Paris, then Brussels, then Lille. All the trains were mainly filled with folk like me doing free trips and I did wonder if the service would ever be profitable or even survive.
Are empty trains run to retain the possibility of those regional services?  I'm sure that I've seen some familiar looking trains on the East Coast line.
Well, an international train passes through Stratford station, so that has to be good enough. Ebbsfleet in the middle of nowhere also has the suffix International, but some Eurostar trains are actually stopping there. Not sure about Ashford.
I was coupled to a train, that was coupled to train that not only danced with the Price of Wales but also went to Paris so I am international!
And in the meantime the capacity for interchange between the central line and rail services to Ilford , Romford, Shenfield etc remain dire.
Brilliant. Ta, Mr JH.
Never used Stratford but have used Eurostar for going to Brussels and also to Bourg St Maurice for the ski train using st. pancras, ebbsfleet and Ashford at a variety of times. So much less aggro than flying, just go the train station with luggage, get on the train with a coffee and sit and watch the world go past, so much less stressful than flying. Given the price difference with flying, would still rather take eurostar! Though annoyingly not currently due to not stopping at Ebbsfleet!
Now, where was I? Erm, Stratford?
So, time for a name change Stratford Depot, Stratford Interchange.  Or maybe plans for HS 1.5  "The missing link." From Stratford to Euston?
I found that very depressing. Not your fault, it's just that rail, which is the only civilised way to travel that is left, is constantly--shall we say, messed about?
Well, to be honest a second stop only 7 min after a main terminus isn't really uncommon. Here in Vienna almost every service going to the alpine region stops at Meidling, a station less than 5 min away from the city's main station.
I guessed he would say “you are the international station to my underdeveloped Stratford”. I was very close, but used too many adjectives!
What there aren’t 100s of people from Carlisle and Durham travelling to Brussels every day….really…who knew?
Good one Jago 👍
Whilst the air travel at present rules, due to the current Government greenwashing it’s environmental bs and hence reducing air taxes internally, whilst France basically invests in high speed rail, and bans internal flights.  I thing the concept of international rail will return, but it will need both sides of the channel to invest, no point if you do not wish to travel between London and Paris or Brussels. Otherwise it is simply faster to drive! If you do not wish to fly. Without the issue of the cost, how can we have a rail system which is in places packed with commuters and cost so much to travel, we need to cheaper rail service with more capacity, the Germans and Dutch have double deck trains, which allow more cycles perhaps this is an answer in part.
What a shame, if you were really interested in CO2 reductions replacing a fleet of aircraft with a train would make a lot of sense. In the end all people are really interested in is cost.
Tbh, I don't see Stratford having ever been a viable terminus station for the Eurostar. Stratford's in east London, 20-25 minutes by tube to central London (if I remember correctly) and St. Pancras is in central London, which I don't believe the company running Eurostar wants to give up...
Another excellent video. Would be good if you would do one about the Corringham Light Railway in Essex.
Wasn't Stratford International used by eurostar in 2012 during the Olympics????
When my wife and I visited China, we rode the VERY fast magnetic train from metro Shanghai to the airport. It was a hoot, we got to the airport almost before we left Shanghai station. Even travelling through rural China on not quite as fast trains it was a hoot. Zapping past villages made up of high rise towers without occupants. Whoosh! In Italy, their trains weren't so fast. But we really enjoyed the scenery and the beautiful little villages with inhabited cottages along the way. Even back in Queensland, we have a tilt train to the north of the state. Not super fast, but if we  wanted to scream along, we could scream along in the clouds on a plane. There is a middle ground that is not snail pace, and not screamingly fast. Trains are trains, and planes are planes. Give me trains Jago!
Well worth a visit, if only to see the Elephant.
I thought it went to Scotlandand, maybe Wales. But are there any trains to Wales🤔
Solution: Tax the short haul flights to oblivion, like the Germans do (I'm 'reliably' told on the internet).
Mr. Hazzard your description is empty
I to was facinated my the tunnel. I always wanted to ride thru it. Sadly that is a little harder for me. Being located in the state. lol Great video as always.
Don't forget to tell Syd!
2 things that you miss. One is that by keeping the station as currently is, it is possible in the future that things can change, something that you have pointed out regarding previous systems and secondly, and god forbid we don't want anything to happen, if there were a major issue with St Pancras or the line leading to it, then with some quick re-organisation it could be the London terminus for Eurostar. Never forget how useful Ealing Broadway was when the Paddington train crash occurred, it suddenly proved far more important than many people thought it was.
This isn't that crazy an idea. In the US an airport can call itself an 'international' airport if it has a runway long enough to handle a plane that could be international, whether that airport has any international flights or not.
I remember I was kinda excited to take a bus journey that linked up with a train to go through the Channel Tunnel years ago given how we're all used to flying. I personally loved it but it kinda made me feel like I was in an old episode of The Crystal Maze (just missing Richard O'Brien dedicating a harmonica solo to "Mumsy"). It's probably for the best that Stratford is not a starting/end point for tourists - one look around and they'd probably demand to get the flight home immediately.
Reminds me of how at least 75% of American airports are called "international", even some suburban or rural airstrips without even commercial airline service, let alone international flights. (From what I've heard, the only criteria is having a customs station.)
Eurostar is high speed in France, because their legal system allowed them to purchase land, in a way that British laws can't, in other words super powered compulsory purchase. Land use in Southern England is also too diverse for compulsory purchase to be done, to any great extent. Dover never got the name International, even though at one time there was such a thing as the boat train; a train that was loaded on to a ferry to the Europe. That would make an interesting video, if you haven't already done one. Stratford International could be that, if another airport was built there. Anyone recall attempts to build an airport in Essex....Boris Island? 😁
A "Dagenham Dock International" would be very useful in my opinion
At least the Eurostar (International) platforms got some use, they were used during the 2012 Olympics because of the high frequency shuttles between Ebbsfleet and St Pancras, the platform heights were artificially risen and the escalators saw some action for the only time since being built. I remember they International 'customs/passport" area was obvious when you got into the station box but not fitted out properly so it could easily be instated.
Are they still making hs2? I was told its not being made in the North, which is a bit rubbish considering it can take like half the time to go by car, as all our infastructure was built in either the 1800s or 1960s and 70s for steel workers.. You can probably guess the city from that.
i think this begs the question... what is the BEST way to get between Euston and St Pancras? actually please rank them in order?
Should just rename it “Stratford Acton” to make it more accurate
I believe the disused Platforms 1 & 4 were designed specifically to be used by European rolling stock, but with the last European train having come by in 2010 and it looking very unlikely another will come again, they will likely never be used.
BIGGEST WASTED OPPRTUNITY was not linking HS2 to HS1 to provde a through service from the West Mids and North west to Ashford International, skipping the London terminals altogther and stopping at Stratford International.
Bravo Zulu.....Sid 😎 😅😂🤣
"Stratford Domestic"
Sorry to pull you up on your accuracy but the last time there was a land link to mainland Europe was about 8000 years ago. The last ice age ended around 25000 years ago. The storegga slide was an undersea landslide which involved the sudden undersea movement of millions of tonnes of rock off the coast of Norway. The resulting massive tsunami destroyed the low lying area doggerland (yes this relates to "dogger" of the shipping forecast). We then became a group of islands off the coast of mainland Europe. The creation of these islands happened almost instantaneously.
Were passport control and detention facilities/rooms built at Stratford International ready to deal with illegals?
At least if you're a Londoner looking to take the Eurostar you can easily and cheaply get to St Pancs from anywhere in London. Meanwhile, Eurostar won't be serving Ashford or Ebbsfleet until the "end of 2022 at the earliest", they say.
I will say that rail travel is much more preferable, partly because luggage restrictions are much laxer on the trains, and partly because airports are usually a massive trek away involving long bus rides or expensive taxis, plus long check-in time requirements. For London to Paris/Brussels Eurostar is faster than flying. For other journeys it may not be faster but is more convenient and more confortable.  Eurostar does have a check-in and security rule but it is less onerous than the airlines (plus all the hassles like mandatory on-line check-in (at one point you had to physically print the boarding pass on A4 paper, in some cases this is insisted upon, no doubt if you print on Letter paper they would reject it and make you pay again at least for "reprint", more likely for "airport check-in" or even for an entirely new ticket). Ryanair insist on this in *all* cases from anyone not from the UK or an EU or EEA country (and in particular for everyone from Switzerland, which is not in the EU or EEA).
I still wish international trains were possible in the uk
Brilliant video as always Jago
I worry about the things no one else can be bothered to worry about, such as the replacement of 'mainline rail services' with 'national rail services'.  I think it's something exclusive to London, foisted on us by TFL. Anyway, on the underground, overground and wombling free, you'll hear 'change here for national rail services' ninety-time out of a hundred when your change will no way connect you any service heading East, North, West or South across the nation.  To my mind, the only place at which you would be able to do that, is if your service ties up with Paddington, Marylebone, Euston, St.Pancras, King's Cross, Waterloo or Victoria.  Grrrr!
1:09 - Nice shot. Have all the old Eurostar trains gone now?
> As with most regeneration schemes, it benefited mostly the already wealthy. That isn't entirely accurate; it would be better to characterise the main demographic of the new housing that sprang up around Olympic Park as "immigrant workers". One is more likely to hear Cantonese or Polish on the streets of East Village than to encounter a born-and-bred Londoner family. By a weird twist of fate, the regeneration around the Stratford International is the main aspect that truly lives up to its "international" name!
Looking at the economics of high speed rail, it just can't compete with air travel unless under very narrow circumstances, which included distance and population density.   It is nice to have, but it doesn't justify the cost.
I should point out that during the London Olympics + Paralympics, the 'eurostar' trains were used as 'Javelin' services between St.Pancreas and Stratford International for people to quickly get to and from the Games.  These were not cheap, mind you, so many opted for the Tube / Overground services instead. I gave it a try once as I was a Games Maker volunteer, and our free Oyster cards enabled us to use the service, for free.
Opened in 2009, and I only used it a few weeks ago.
1:49 "The first new Mainline in Britain in over 100 years"  This isn't quite true. The Great Western Railway's New North Mainline was completed in 1910 with the opening of the Bicester cut-off route, this was only 97 years before HS1 opened in 2007.
I'd have to travel 65-70 miles from the coast to St Pancras to catch a EuroStar despite living a 5 minute drive from Le Shuttle terminal (which is basically the tunnel entrance) and 20 minutes drive from Ashford-Once-But-No-Longer-International. Stratford International Station is somewhere I've spent altogether too much time and which manages to always be freezing cold at platform level no matter the weather elsewhere.
This station is the mirror image of the (now-abandoned, I believe) tiny municipal airport in the small farming town up in the far north of Maine where one of my aunts lived when I was a kid. It was just a paved strip next to some farmer's field just outside of town, unattended and without any services. One day back in the '80s a Canadian pilot flying one of those tiny French jets had some engine trouble and made an emergency landing there, and for a while afterward the place was informally known as Fort Fairfield International Jetport. :)
Suppose why it’s called International is as Stratford (mainline) is really close, like Waterloo and Waterloo East. So not to get confusion and it’s also on an internal line
Jago, what´s happened to the former Eurostar platforms at Waterloo?
I suppose if there were to be an incident at St. Pancras then they could terminate st Stratford.
What really killed international rail was that the likes of Ryanair and Easyjet became so cheap that people couldn't justify paying extra for nice comfortable seats, generous baggage limits and an end point that was much closer (and more well connected to everywhere).
About the same time, a Eurostar departure lounge was built on platform 10 at Glasgow Central. It lay largely un-used for several years, until it was demolished when the two extra platforms were built for the Glasgow Airport rail-link. Another white elephant that never happened. So not only am I unable to take the once-promised sleeper from Glasgow to Paris, but I can't even take a once-promised train to Glasgow Airport! Incidentally, the two extra platforms were gifted to ScotRail, enabling an increased frequency to operate to/from Ayr (via Prestwick Airport LOL).
The sound of that train departing Stratford was something beautiful. What class are those trains?
We Want a Wonderful Wibbly Wobbly Wagtail in All Our Videos From Now On!! Well, I guess you could re-run the same wagtail footage, but we might notice... You have been warned!
Typical lol 😆
Stratford LIFT (London International Freight Terminal), used be around there. :)
Hmm, that partly explains this weird station, which always seems to have tumbleweeds blowing past its platforms whenever I've used it. It is brilliant to be able to travel from Kent to Essex/Suffolk/Norfolk without having to undergo central London. However, why why why is the way from Strat Int to Stratford mainline such a secret?! Not a sign or an arrow or any other path-marking in sight😧 makes it very stressful when changing trains, to the uninitiated.
Neither will High Speed 2 go any further than East Midlands Parkway and thence, by existing tracks to Nottingham and Derby... despite the promises. it will not now have an eastern leg to Leeds and neither will there be a Manchester Leeds new link. lets call all these destinations that have been cast adrift 'International' as well, then we will feel so much better! (What though, shall we call Bradford?)
I live in Stratford and was deeply disappointed that international services never left from this station.  That said, the seven minute hop to St Pancras is really smooth and easy, so it ended up not a big deal.
What about the poor old people at Ebsfleet, they certainly aren't 7mins away from a Eurostar terminal...
As a teenager I visited the Stratford depot open day in 1983. There was a class 25 on its side that was recovered as part of a re-railing demonstration.   Managed to get a job on BR after college and ended up as a S&T engineer. The Stratford site was enormous and there was a S&T stores that was accessed off Carpenters Road. Seem to recall having to cross several railway lines to get to it. Might've even been a rail triangle to navigate if my memory serves me correctly. Now all long gone as part of the redevelopment. They call it progress apparently.  Was also fortunate to look around Finsbury Park depot before it was demolished - heavily vandalised and not a Deltic in sight.  Same can be said for a weekend up at March yard before the tracks were lifted. At the time a huge amount of stock awaiting scrapping was located there. My brief was to get a twin train horn for my mate's Ford Capri. Found one on a DMU and duly removed it. I think horns on trains ran at 100 PSI. The Ford Capri's compressor didn't and the resulting two tones were rather a let down.  Keep up the good work Jago.
The “javelin” service between st Pancras and Stratford was very useful during the Olympics though
I remember traveling to Paris after work in Canary Wharf one Thursday night and coming home on the following Monday morning back into work.  I arrived into the office at 9.30 and was being given grief for being late until I explained there had been a rail strike in northern France leading to slower trains 😂😂
I think Stratford International should be changed to Stratford High Speed.
Costs £90 for me to get a train from Blackpool to London  Costs £50 for me to fly from Manchester to Budapest
dont get me started on Ebbsfleet... mutter mutter mutter.
2:10 If we had a really rail-friendly Government and no massive borrowings of the early 2020s to pay off, you could – at the risk of turning London districts E9, E8/E2 and N5 into a subterranean Emmenthal cheese below Victoria Park, Dalston & Haggerston, and Highbury – dig about a 4-mile 6.5Km long twin tunnel off that for HS1 to emerge at Finsbury Park on to the East Coast Main Line to Doncaster, York, Newcastle and Edinburgh.   Can you imagine the outcry from the 'new posh bits' in E.London?   "Sink hole gulps down barista" etc. etc.  A link from Stratford International to the new HS2, if that ever actually got built, ought logically to start its spur even closer to St Pancras International – but you'd have to tunnel under Mornington Crescent and I'm sorry, I haven't a clue how you'd do that... 🤣🤣
The next trick will be to rename this station Stratford Intergalactic so more cash can be squeezed of gullible, vain idiots like TfL and the government. After all it’s only (our) money.
Glasgow Central has a waiting room for the direct trains to France.   Who knew we’d still be waiting more than years later?
This is typical of the way we do things. Brilliant ideas turn out to be not so, and just vanity projects. No-one actually cares about high speed rail in the UK: it is pointless. HS1 was pointless (in fact less than pointless, because previously the French were made to arrive at Waterloo). HS2 is even more pointless, and that will die the death as well. Just give us cheap, reliable, trains that will enable us to get about. Not too much to ask, is it?
As a child I really, really loved trains, and so when possible my dad would drive me past Stratford station where they had a bunch of old steam engines on plinths. Sometimes we'd park up and I'd just sit there marvelling at them. And then one day when we drove past it was fenced off and there were construction works everywhere, my dad explained that they were taking the trains away. I was very, very upset. Living near the Central line and TFL rail, I often find myself in Stratford, and recently I noticed that outside the station, behind all the buses, stalls and people, they still have one of those old trains sitting out there :D  Edit: And Google has revealed to me that there was only ever one train out there, his name is Robert, and you've done a video on him!
Sorry to contradict Jago, but Eurostar got 70% of the London-Paris market share and a pretty good proportion of London-Brussels, so that in both cases the airlines cut back markedly on those routes. Not bad for a supposed failure! I find the airport-style security checks at St Pancras far quicker, smoother and more relaxed than at any London airport.
Watching this video on the day of upload and, incredibly, it has 2151 likes (at the time of writing) and not a single dislike. I almost thought my Return Dislikes extension was broken, but I double-checked and it appears to still work on other videos. I've never seen people like a Youtube video so unanimously before. (On a popular video, there's usually about 1% who dislike.) You occasionally see a few hundred likes on videos before they get their first dislike, but a figure like this is even more remarkable.
Yes... why does HS1 not connect with the potential HS2?  and HS3 now just 3?
HS1 was and is a godsend for Kent. There's a great painting by Jeffrey Smart of Ashford Station that illustrates the point. As for Stratford who wants to stop there?
So it's much like that brex thing
Stratford International ...... "Build It, And They Didn't Come"  I read that sparrows are in decline in the UK. You can come to South Australia and take all the feral sparrows you like to replenish your stocks, if you like.
Since the pandemic started (when Eurostar almost went bust) the international trains have ceased stopping at Ashford and Ebbsfleet, there is hope and expectation this will change but it's not clear to me when. As a person living on the Kent coast it is still quicker for me to drive to Amsterdam than to travel to St Pancras and use the Eurostar - and unless I book months in advance cheaper when there are two of us travelling together!
I was at Stratford National this Morning (Typing from Versailles) to pay nearly £7 to get to St Pancras for the Eurostar. I use it often and it’s a bit frustrating watching as our train Wizzes by Stratford knowing in about 30 mins or so I will be headed back there after forking out about £7 or just less. My Pension doesn’t appreciate it but what can you do 😋 Another Great video Jago and useful for those that didn’t know this saga I should think.
What a great idea connect north to Europe directly imagine Manchester to Amsterdam Newcastle to berlin shame rail travel is so so so expensive and at times unrealiable
There are four Eurostar stations. Only one of them has Eurostar services.
Working in the area during the Olympics I was told that they were still not going to stop international trains there, and everyone had to go through to StP and be ferried back again.
Stratford (not the international) used to be a station that travelers coming from East Anglia whizzed through without stopping on their way to London Liverpool Street. However, since the 2012 Olympics, intercity trains now stop there quite often - a mere 8 minutes travel time from London - despite the Olympics being long over. I cannot fathom why it is necessary to stop a high speed service so close to its destination after travelling for nigh on two hours. Surely whoever needs to get off/on there can wait another eight minutes?
I had always assumed that Stratford International had been built for the 2012 Olympics, so passengers from Paris or Brussels could get off nearer to where the action was. Thanks for putting the record straight. Numerous tube stations have been renamed, as many of your previous videos have shown, so why can't HS1 join in the fun and change the name of Stratford International?
Another great video sir.
Back in the day, when the Eurostar still went from Waterloo, I was at St Pancras.  I noticed there was a Eurostar parked on the end track.  So being nosey I went to see why.  Some workers were marking the outline of the train with road spikes and tape.  I asked what they were doing. They explained that they had to build new platforms for when the Eurostar moved to there; so this was to work out where to put them.  I liked the practicality, but wondered why that wasn't just something they just put in the plans.  The guys then explained the full history of every time trains had been ordered for other lines, but then didn't fit.  So they wanted to draw round an actual train.
Anyone who thinks trains will conquer flights and will become the dominant method of transport across europe is deluded and ought be locked in a dark room until they come to their senses.   "but climate change" we don't care, not really. The cost of taking the eurostar between London and Paris is over £100 each way (cheaper tickets can be found by booking well in advance) while flights from London airports cost exactly the same. The Eurostar takes 2h 35 minutes to go from the center of London to the Center of Paris, much quicker one would assume than flying from London Gatwick or Stanstead, and arriving early to get through baggage and border checks. But alas you are required to arrive an hour early to St Pancras before departure and one would assume still navigate border control in Paris. So the time for the eurostar is actually about the same from the center of London to the center of Paris.   But not everyone lives in the center of London, and not everyone wants to go to the center of Paris. What if my friends and I live in Manchester and want to go to Hamburg for a wild weekend of partying. Well the train connection would be Manchester to London, London to Brussels, Brussels to Hamburg, taking the best part of a day and costing £300 per person. While a flight would cost £200 per person and take under 2 hours. That's in the present environment when fuel is expensive and airlines are trying to recover lost revenue from the pandemic.   How will rail ever compete? Faster trains? Less stops? How do you reduce the price of rail? You can't because the biggest cost is maintaining thousands of km of track across some of the most expensive land in the world.   Investing in high speed rail is a white elephant and we really need to be developing electrical flight technology.
Thanks for the info Jago! Since moving from London to Kent this has become my new regular train line and I always though in pre-pandemic days the eurostar stopped at Stratford thus the name. Sounds like a massive mess-up that should have been corrected years ago.
Used the station last weekend after staying in Stratford for Genesis at the O2. Arriving in Euston, it's just a stop on the Victoria line, then the 7 mins to Stratford. Seems a bit daft not to have HS2 linking up with it though.
I have still to find out where exactly the Eurostar run to Waterloo, there are just too many railways in South Lonnon. May anyone be so kind to enlighten me?
I never understand why the station is so ugly. Just plain concrete and no joy.
what killed it was customs.  I have travelled across Europe prior to borders being lifted and there was never a problem - custom checks took place on the train! some how Thatcher and the government did not get this. Her Idea was you board in say Manchester and the 1st station you can get off is Lille, to the Europeans this is silly as trains ran calling at stops as normal, but with custom officers when required.
I'd like to think given the ever present climate catastrophe we're approaching, there'd be a much bigger market for international trains in the future. Maybe I'm just being optimistic.
Am I the only one who tries to guess what parts of the video will be combined when the patreon donors are being thanked? For the first since I’ve started this little game I actually guessed correctly today! Feels good to finally get one right lol
I always thought that Stratford International was a sort of emergency backup station for Eurostar in case of a major problem (fire etc) at St Pancras.
hi St Pancras was a great station when the class 45s were there,now clowns have naffed it up, i even remember  4472 steaming out of there in the 80s
Would the "Regional Eurostar" services have had any relation or similarity to the "Nightstar" trains which were to run beyond London?
I believe Stratford (Not Actually) International to be the station with the most unintentionally appropriate code in the UK, as there's SFA there.
One point: Planes are NOT faster between city pairs less than 400km apart. High speed trains will win that one, city centre to city centre and do so every day in continental Europe, Japan and China. Here in France, regional flights under about 500km have recently be outlawed in favour of TGV services which have close to zero carbon footprint as it consumes nuclear generated electricity.
There was a plan for Deutsche Bahn to run services from there starting in 2013, after Eurostar’s passenger monopoly was due to end, however Cameron became Prime Minister and reinstated the monopoly, to help out shareholders who give him money.
Excellent Jago. What is really baffling  is with the opening of the Elizabeth line  Stratford could provide a simpler link to Heathrow, and the Great Western routes. If you stand on platform 11 at Stratford  I think  you can see into Stratford International  but there is no direct link. Rubbish with Eliz coming soon.
Just for the sake of interest, Eurostar services don't stop at Ebbsfleet International or Ashford International in "the current circumstances"... "until at least the end of 2022". Nobody in Kent is taking bets on them ever returning. Perhaps Ryanrail could get some running to Ashford? Two Javelins an hour after all.
The really annoying thing with Strafford International is the refusal to integrate the Station into the London travel network... You cannot use a travel card to travel between St Pancras and Stratford International on the Javelin trains.
Thanks for another interesting video, Jago.   The plan was for some Eurostar services to call at Stratford Int.  One reason why it never happened was the cost of providing UK Border facilities which the govt was not willing to pay.   There is need for budget trains but so far Eurostar is unwilling to adopt a Ouigo solution.  The latter could be achieved by operating at Stratford Int rather than StPancras.  Finally note that there are no longer flights from LCY to Paris or Brussels.  Yes there are many flights to Amsterdam but then a good number of their passengers are connecting through the Schiphol hub.
So Javelins are being sent to Stratford International as well.
4:43 that sparrow is a pied wagtail
Glad we French managed to export our stupidly expensive concept of high speed rail lines with useless stations to the UK! Revenge is OURS.
And as I found to my cost neither Oyster 60+  nor  Freedom Pass are valid on trains from Stratford International
My brother in law had a job as a "Cart tart" on the Eurostar at Manchester. Not a long term gig it turned out.
Thanks, I had always wondered about that international part of the name!
The failure of the regional Eurostar.
The one thing you don't mention is that this route has really made the seaside towns on the Kent coast readily accessible, and that 7 minutes to St Pancras in the other direction can be useful when there are no fast alternatives available (on a tube strike day for example)
Eurostar might not be cheap but my friends from Northern England pay more to go back home from London than to go to Paris…
Another big thumbs-up from me, Jago.
Two additional elements not mentioned:  First, Stratford International was very much an afterthought.  The original purpose of sinking a box there was for the grade separated flyout access to the Eurostar engineering works at Temple Mills.  Some bright spark, rather late in the plans, thought, we've got a box so why not put a station in it?  And they did.  Without much idea of what it might be used for.  Second, although the station has halls for customs and immigration the Treasury (HMCR) and the  Home Office (UKBF) has always refused to staff them. That was one of the major stumbling blocks that brought Deutsche Bahn's plans for London to Dortmund / Frankfurt / Cologne services terminating at Stratford crashing into the buffers. While they insist that any operator bears all the costs of staffing these facilities no proposal will be economic and that means no more international services at all because St Pancras is essentially full.  The one real opportunity to use it might have been for the Olympics.  But it turned out that halting trains at Stratford  — as you say, onlu 7 minutes from STP — actually reduced the capacity of the lines.  So we got international passenger alighting at St Pancras to take the Javelin back to a station they'd just passed through.
I imagine the issue with Eurostar pricing is capacity - i.e. they've set their prices high and not competitively versus cheap flights, but they don't care because they still sell / fill enough seats. Logically it seems absurd for it to be cheaper to fly than get the Eurostar but frankly I don't even bother checking Eurostar prices because I just assume it'll cost more (and the premium isn't worth the "convenience").
Thanks Jago spot on, Keep Well and Safe.
Cheers for this ........... me old Cockney Sparrow
This station is really useful for getting from Stratford where I live to King's Cross, which is a really nice place to hang out. Shame the fares on the highspeed to St Pancras are a little exorbitant :/  I also remember coming back from Newcastle during the tube strikes and this being one of the few still open rail services to get me home. God bless the Stratford to St. Pancras line.
I’d use Eurostar if it was cheaper. But it’s p*ss takingly expensive and I’m Honestly surprised it’s lasted this long.
Well before the full HS1 was finished, the redundant link from the first half still connects with the Kent Coast Main Line, I could walk along Herne Hill platform 2 faster than the Eurostar Three Capitols Express stock some days. One of the plans was to divert there via Loughborough Junction to a tunnel (before Elephant & Castle) to connect to St Pancras. This seemed ludicrous as the turn to that line at Herne Hill crossed the main line with a speed limit of 20 mph!!!
If memory serves me right from day one Eurostar always had problems selling itself
Stratford International can still be used to offload incoming passengers should St Pancras be closed for security.
I walked through the concourse on my way to the DLR station and given the acres of glass frontage, I was surprised just how small is the entrance to the platforms.  The station also seems to be at the back of beyond and I wonder just how well it is used?
I only used the station once, and that was to take the javelin service back into London after watching hockey at the Olympics!  I’ve always enjoyed Eurostar but for devices beyond to other parts of France, it’s not viable. Looked up the cost of flying to see friends in Lyon in the summer - Gatwick (5 miles from my house) to Lyon return for 4 c£500, by Eurostar and tgv - £1200!
If only they could open it to continental services. Maybe they could have an overnight service to the south of France and Barcelona. They could call them "Nightstars"...oh, hang on a minute....
Dont know why they don't just add "way" to the name  make it look like its named after the road its on  like so many other railway stations.  Even though International Way was named after the station. In a decade or two everyone will have forgotten  👍👍 problem solved without  any embarrassing failures 😀😀
Have just watched this and I too thought that the Eurostar might stop there once and awhile. Heyho. Anyway as the mascot of the Stratford Yard was called Sid or Syd... Is it he who we should have asked all those years ago when shares in British Gas (?) were up for grabs? I have this recollection of "Ask Sid" as part of many such an advert....... Or maybe I'm wrong.
It should be renamed Stratford not International.
I remember collecting steam train numbers at Stratford in the 1950s.
What I find really interesting is that to enable the Eurostar regional trains they actually made a Eurostar sleeper train set with the idea that it could run from Edinburgh, stop at Stratford, and then go on to Paris or Brussels or Amsterdam or maybe even further as part of the Eurostar Ski-train ensemble running down to the French Alps.  Honestly the idea was one some 20+ years ahead of its time as it's only now with the return of sleeper trains across Europe that something like the proposed Eurostar Sleeper would work fantastically (obviously though there's the "if Brexit hadn't happened and thrown a wrench into everything") and would allow for people from the North to get on a train, go to sleep and wake up as they are coming in to their destination.  Honestly it would have been a great idea and would have made use of Stratford but it got scrapped before it could even get started really.
Eurostar trains do pass through the Station on the way to Temple Mills Depot. Hence the TVM signalling on the centre track. What finally killed off the Regional services was the Home Office refusal to carry out passport control on the train. Despite this happening everywhere else in the World (including between Germany-Poland-Russia).
At least from Birmingham International you can get a train to Wales
"Highspeed 2 is being constructed but it is not connected to Highspeed 1". So London is now ending up with the same ridiculous situation as in Paris, that in order to continue your international trip you have to take the Underground? With all your luggage?
Ebbsfleet International , the next station on the line has had no international service since the start of the pandemic. I hope this is not something that is going to become permanent as I live close by and at the moment I would have to go to St Pancras first if I want to go to Paris. I don’t know whether you have been to Ebbsfleet International but it is almost identical in it’s design and layout to Stratford
Stratford International was used most during the 2012 Olympics and Paralympics as ticketholders for events at the main Olympics park were given free access to the high speed Javelin services to and from St Pancras. I used it myself to get back into town after one such event - much quicker and more roomy than the tube.
Is E2O some kind of liquid that gets you high
Though it may not be used for international services, the station is very useful for connecting through to Kent, East Anglia and North London which would otherwise involve travelling through Central London via the tube to Victoria, Charing Cross or Liverpool Street.  Certainly not the most attractive station (far too much concrete) but very convenient (the shopping centre next door is a good place to spend any spare time between connections too).
Given the petty squabbling over lines and services at home, it's nothing short of amazing that us Great Britons managed to build any railways at all in far-flung parts of the Empire!
I would suggest Stratford High Speed as a better name, if it wasn't for Stratford High Street two stops away. Sadly it just isn't practical as a Eurostar stop. It's far too close to St. Pancras for it to be worthwhile
From the original concept to today security concerns have only increased plus of course on border controls (after Brexit) those are more complex. Maintaining that security element - the Channel Tunnel being an obvious terrorist headline target - would have been difficult for regional international services. Cheap flights have been an element but often cheap flights do not put you where you want to be, whereas train services generally do. For example whats the taxi fare from Orly to Central Paris these days? Probably more than the airfare to Orly.
A Glasgow to Paris service could work if you had Glasgow to London passengers on the train who were replaced with London to Paris passengers when it gets to London. Glasgow is not as big a place as London, there's about 3 million people within the catchment area of Glasgow Central for international services, vs about 24 million within the catchment area of St Pancras. Such a service would need to run about once every two hours, otherwise Glaswegians would take the train to Kings Cross or Euston and change there, like they do at the moment.  The problem with this idea is that it doesn't work well with border control. You can't ask Glaswegians to show their passport to French border police to get to London, and you can't have the possibility of them buying split tickets for the Glasgow-London and London-Paris legs of the journey to avoid the border controls.
There was a idea floating around that DB were planning to use Stratford International as their terminus for their ICE Services after one of their trains did go to St. Pancras International as DB were planning to use HS1 with their trains but again it was one of those things that never happened.
I used to live in Clapham Junction (in a house, not the actual station) when Waterloo was international. Boulevard St Michel was five stops away, It were grand.
I think I'm correct in saying that London to Paris is way more expensive than Paris to Barcelona (about half the distance too).  Ideologically, the UK is about running a business and not a service. Again, this is why HS2 wont link with HS1 and why regional Eurostar (even though there is track) wont happen.  When you've travelled about Europe by train and see how things link up - the Swiss, French and Italians boring tunnels through mountains to make their new high speed lines dovetail together - the 300kph trains zinging along the banks of the Rhine - you realise how backward the UK has been and still is. Clearly, we like making grandiose plans, reneging on them and then being charged an arm and leg for not very much at all.
Even if it is inconvenient I would still rather travel by train than by plane to the UK. My Sister and her girlfriend did travel all the way from Stuttgart Germany to Glasgow by train because her girlfriend held a talk about agrivoltaics at COP. Also it would be double standard if you would travel by plane to a climate conference.
Jago you have touched on a subject that a lot of people high up would rather got swept un the rug.
I actually preferred rolling into Waterloo on the eurostar, the sight of the London Eye, houses of Parliament, Battersea power station all felt more London... Even going through the old stations in South London... Maybe its just me, but it felt more like coming home... Great episode sir, I am actually driving to London tomorrow from Vienna, will be there for 2 weeks... Will catch up on the other episodes whilst there for sure... 😊👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽 Good old Sid
Unfortunately also because of Covid, Eurostar trains aren't stopping at Ebbsfleet or Ashford at the moment.  So if you want to go international from Stratford, you have to go backwards to St Pancras then back out again passing Stratford once more!
Absorbing, and Fascinating yet again, Jago ! Looking forward to the next one, bring 'em on !! Thank you !!
2:18  An interesting take on brutalist buildings. If one of those burns out you'll have to look twice to notice which one it was.
Another very interesting video Jago -  cheers! But what particularly intrigued me was the design of the sleepers at about 7:25 - I can definitely say I've never seen any like that before - well not in the UK.
St Pancras of old would have been less run down if useful links like Derby north to Manchester had been retained.
I think the only people that travel on Eurostar are the engineers working for eurostar visiting the international partners making components and software for the eurostar.  Oh well. beats P and O.
As someone who's never been to the UK, I thought for quite a while that Stratford International was a station serving a nearby airport and that that was why it was called International. "Stratford Airport" sounded familiar to me after all. Then years later I realized I was thinking of Stansted and that Stratford International is not actually international. Ever since then I have not been the same.
In the New York area,there are three stations that would be in that 7 to 10 minute connections route! They are,respectively; 125th Street[Metro North,and sometimes Amtrak],Woodside[Long Island Railroad,and NYCTA,number 7 subway line],and last,but not least,Newark,New Jersey[Amtrak,New Jersey Transit,(buses,and Newark Subway)],and these are fairly busy stations,even if there is no International traffic to be had! As to airport traffic,Newark Airport,has a connection on the Corridor,and JFK,has the AirTrain out of Jamaica Station,with through connections,to Penn Station,and points elsewhere! Stratford has that type of potential,but the politicians and bankers,don't have the guts to see things through to a reachable goal!! Que Sera,and then the Karma!! Thanks,Jago for an interesting tale,of forlorn hopes,and dashed dreams,wouldst that some people would give a chance,that others could make things grow!! One can dream,and pray,so time will tell!! Thanks again for your attention ☺️!
This is an absolute lie,the Eurostar,does stop here,but it is rare to see. You can see,on the website,I may have been taken down
Really just how can Livingstone, Blair and Tory successors screw up so badly a 'regeneration' scheme and international rail services.
What happend to these rail services was British and French politics. Britain in insisting on having pre-bording passport checks and safety checks, and check in, is the *greatest* problem with all of that, because it complicates through services massively. Appropriate infrastructure has to be built on *every* station such a service stops at. Unfortunately that is not going to change because of Brexit. So, conservative rules and regulation favors the plane and gives trains a disadvantage, basically making it a plane on rails.
Error Correction in Video - Westfield is Not West Ham ( FC ).
Could you explain just how regional Eurostar trains would’ve used Stratford International as an alternative London calling point to St. Pancras? Would there have been an additional line diverging from the St. Pancras line after leaving Stratford inbound, that would’ve allowed trains to join the various main lines heading north and west from London, or how was it envisioned?
Once again, no joined-up thinking when it comes to rail projects. Massive investment on what turns out to be a white elephant in SE England aaanndd....S-B-A for anywhere North of Watford Gap. HS2 lumbers & limps into the Midlands & anything else is "promised", y'know, those election manifesto ones. 🙄
The reality to me seems to be the fear that dodgy foreigners might want to come to Britain without going through things like border control ..
Stratford International.  Col Stephens would be proud of it.  Naming stations with ____ Road in them , nowhere near the village or settlement named.   Must be the furthest away from anywhere half named in it.
London Luton Airport isn’t even in London. Sometimes a name is nothing more than a name.
I would have thought that most people would take the train to Paris rather than fly as it is way quicker and there are reasonable fares if booked in advance just like flights. But what do I know…..
"you are the international to my Stratford"  That could be interpreted as an insult knowing that the "international" part of the name is somewhat obsolete. 😉
I think the sparrow is based on the "Cockley sparrow " which is a term given to a cheerful talkative kind of chap who  strictly speaking should be born within the sound of Bow bells.
Yes but it made for a very convenient changing station when I would go from my university flat in Gillingham, Kent home to Wickford, Essex. Just two trains and a short walk through a shopping centre. As someone who considers Essex and Kent different countries, Stratford International achieves its title in my twisted interpretation.
Not sure if it's still there or not, but I remember the big shiny depot on the way out of Manchester Piccadilly with "Le Eurostar habite ici!" plastered on the side of it. Tant pis.
Sparrow?  I thought it was a bulldog that missed leg day!
Maybe another company will run an international service and give Eurostar some competition. Its such a shame they pulled out of Ashford when Ashford really accommodated it.
I suspect that the old terminus being at Waterloo was an intentional joke at France's expense.
A good video, as always, but I must take issue with your description of the pre-Eurostar version of St Pancras as "dismal and underused".  When I lived in Leicester I used it quite frequently and I found it friendly and straightforward, in contrast to some of the other London termini - especially Euston.  It also a had a cosy bar which was handy if you had to wait for your train back to the East Midlands.
It's international because, much like the United States, Britain is the only country.
Bit of a mix up on dates there!!!. Regional EuroStar (and indeed its sleeper companion NightStar) were abandoned in the late 1990s by the then Tory government desperate to off load the railways ftom government control before they were removed from power. It was found that, not only were Euro/Nightstar a legislative nightmare to franchise due the the problems of non self contained UK operation but also near impossible to palm off onto friendly banks due to huge lead in times before any possibility of share holder return. The regional EuroStar sets were mostly pushed off for domestic service in France/Belgium (out of sight out of mind) while the Nightstar Sleepers that had been completed at vast taxpayer cost were sold to VIA Rail Canada at an enormous loss. The 37s intended for non electric Night Star service were sold off, 6 initially to DRS (which being a government operator removed any embarrassment about tenders and the huge loss from their conversion) while the other six remained to drag the odd Eurostar about as required until they too were quietly transferred to DRS.....the 92s for electric NightStar were quietly stored away out of public sight....... .......with the exception of three Regional Eurostars repatriated and operated by GNER Kings Cross-Leeds to release 91s for madification, it was all dead and buried by 1997.....
One aspect of the international service is available at SI - the superfast trains. The service from SI to StP is notable for being the fastest and most expensive in London.
Maybe frequent flyers will get taxed more to restrict emissions and boost train usage.
Maybe britten soud bild more modern new mainlines
Stratford International could have been truly international but for Brexit. The TransMarche Metro idea would have meant stopping trains from Calais to St. Pancras for people who were commuting to Canary Wharf from homes in the Calais area, where property prices are nowhere as insane as London and the South East. From SI it's a simple change to get to Canary Wharf, although it is a double change for the fastest route ( DLR to Jubilee Line at Stratford ).
I remember similar drawing of sparrow painted on a diesel locomotive belonging to the Nene Valley Railway in Peterborough.
We need to encourage the replacement of short haul flights by rail travel
the numpties have decided not to connect the High Speed lines, it's time to give up !
The Froggies could always rename the Gare du Nord  the "Gare du Juin Premiere Glorieux" iv it makes them feel any better.
A lot of effort was put into making Eurostar just as inconvenient as air travel. There were lots of ideas for Eurostar services further into continental Europe as well as ICE services to Great Britain. All of these went nowhere fast because of the requirements for passport checks and blocking off entire platforms making these proposed trains incompatible with just about any kind domestic service, immediately limiting the potential number of passengers.
Most of Eurostar's current train fleet are built to the continental loading gauge, and won't fit on the most of the (non-HS1/HS2) rest of the GB rail network, so regional Eurostars are a bit dead-in-the-water unless they ever build or upgrade an HS1 / HS2 link to the right loading gauge.
Excellent Jago.  It really is short-sighted that there'll be no link between HS1 and HS 2 - only the British ......  On another matter, why do we feel it necessary to call stations 'international'.  Most of the main city stations on the Continent serve numerous international trains but they have no need of this superfluous term 'international' - and they don't need customs controls either - but then nor would we if we'd not left the EU.
Who votes for us to make, or at least help make this station, and/or some other British Railway Station international? I'm For it.
How about doing one about the ORIGINAL Eurostar terminus at Waterloo, which was closed because the Froggies objected to getting off and being confronted by the name of their greatest defeat?
I remember seeing all the Eurostars for the north been taken over to Kineton MOD in Warwickshire. At the box where the access was. Everyone said thats the end of any Eurostar services for anyone north of Watford.
I think it would make more sense to call the station Stratford Olympic, and revert to the International epithet should it ever get those services. Though with the announcement of  German Rail operator DB wanting to use the tunnel it may yet get a service.
0:42 Hang about JH, if you were a wee lad in 1994 doesn't that make you ? years of age? 🤔😉
The closest we came to 'Regional Eurostar' was when some Class 373s were leased for services on the ECML...always meant to find out why this was.
They should just rename the HS1 and DLR stations to Stratford City and be done with the whole romanticism of the International moniker. It's obvious by now we'll very likely never have direct international services stop here...
HS2 WON'T connect to HS1 ? What the hell ? That's probably the worst decision ever
I had the misfortune of living next the the former Freight Yards when the Channel Tunnel Rail Link was started. The construction work caused clouds of dust, 24hr noise, constant HGV traffic and then we were all "decanted" from our estate under Compulsory Purchase for the Olympic Park construction around 2006. Indeed a White Elephant, the Mayor of Newham was said to be seething when it was announced no CTRL trains would be stopping at Stratford! At least they got to cover acres of open land around Stratford, Hackney Wick and Leyton with endless boxlike "apartments" at exorbitant prices /rent. LegacySchmegacy..
Much appreciation for the little birb at 4:42
Would be a great place for a low cost operator to run services to France/Europe!
I would like to see more of this Sid the Sparrow
Would a station in London that  runs to Wales be considered international? It is a different country.
I preferred the "old" Waterloo International, not to mention Victoria International, for boat trains to France
Rather surprised the Brexiteers don't want to close down the Chunnel.
Wait. What, These are scripted!? Well we all learnt something today I guess. And some stuff about a train station while we were at it.   (( said in jest and with nothing but admiration as tone doesn't convey in written form))
Don't forget that there IS a train from Stratford to Harwich International for the ferry wot leaves Stratford proper station (not the high speed malarky) at 06.43 on a weekday.  So I reckon that the railway companies should just swop around the signs.  Stratford International where you get the trains to Harwich International (and Billericay and Ingatestone etc) and just plain Stratford when you wanna go High Speed to....Kent.   And as for that sparrow logo surely it had something to do with a "Cockney Sparrow" something that our modern children would need to go on google to learn about (sadly).
I wonder if something else happening in 2010 has anything to do with this?
Stratford International does serve foreign places. Did you not know that Kent is the most northern province of France? 😊
International trains!!!  I recall when they built overnight sleeper trains to be used on the Channel Tunnel from the north of England and Scotland only to find out that the current requirements to heat and service the carriages exceeded the overhead supply
They actually built some sleeper carriages for use beyond London but they ended up in Canada.
Joined up thinking - not really.
I remember the service in the early Waterloo days - what an embarrassment! Being overtaken by 40 year old commuter trains as it wobbled on the old rails on the run up to London. Problem was it used 3rd rail power that could only deliver 4 MW of power and the power to weight ratio was awful. On French side (and in the tunnel) the overhead 25 kV pantograph system could deliver 16 MW allowing full 300 km/hr cruising speed.
I have heard some talk of Stratford International being a potential terminus for new cross-channel services. Apparently the owners of the tunnel are buying spme new train sets which they would lease to an intereted operator. St Pancras could be short of space for more services.
How realistically feasible do you believe that a government actually concerned with climate change regarding transportation would go back and use Stratford International for HS1?
I didn’t realise Ebbsfleet and Ashford were only temporarily closed as International stations.  I really don’t understand why Ashford was an interchange for Eurostar as it’s not really anywhere.
A curiously downbeat episode from J Hazzard.  I did like to footage of the wagtail and of the train pulling out.
The international departures concourse @ Stratford international is interesting as it's a huge unused space... it's a bit sad really that it never saw a service. The station has a twin building in Ebbsfleet... and there you can see what the Eurostar build-out would have looked like... though since 2020 this has also been abandoned
I've been on the Javelin to Canterbury a few times and the number of people who get on or off at Stratford was pretty close to 0.
My grandfather was a shunter in Stratford Yard during WWII.  unfortunately one night his engine was hit by a German Bomb . So I never got to meet him. RIP Grandad
International like in - England and Scotland? ;)
I also agree. Why is Stratford International station called “International” as Southeastern highspeed Class 395 Javelin trains stop and serves the station and Eurostar trains passes right through without even stopping there.   Whilst Stratford (Regional) station is becoming more and more busier and with Elizabeth Line to become fully operational later this year. Making Stratford station even more overcrowded and Stratford International station less overcrowded and more peaceful and spacious.
Seems so odd not to Link HS1 and 2... I know its probably a complicated venture but seems short sighted!
I don't think it's fair to say that international trains have never really caught on in this country. Eurostar do hold most of the market share of traffic between London and Paris, and the Amsterdam service has certainly proved to be popular, to the extent that before the pandemic they had been ultimately planning to increase it to five trains a day.  As for flying being quicker and cheaper, that doesn't take into account the time and cost of getting to and from the airports. The Eurostar takes about 2 hours to Brussels and about 2 and a half to Paris (the fastest services even being about 15 minutes quicker), and it takes you directly into the heart of the city, plus it is possible to get it for about £30 each way if you book far enough ahead and there are no extra costs like baggage fees or airport transfers.  I'm sure one of these days there will be a case for connecting HS1 and HS2. With London to Birmingham projected to take around 45 minutes, that would give a hypothetical Birmingham to Paris journey time of around 3 hours, which is about how long London to Paris took before HS1 and still an hour less than what it takes to Amsterdam, so would certainly be within the times that passengers seem fine to spend now
I have called Stratford International station, Stratford Highspeed station, due to the fact Eurostar do not stop there. Also I have find some good deals on Eurostar trains in the past, when I have travelled on the Eurostar. It just depends on the time of year you travel, and how many people want to use it.
HS2 (the white elephant being built to save 15 minutes on a journey from London Euston to Birmingham) does not even connect with HS1 (the line running from St. Pancras to the channel tunnel), so forget any chance of regional Eurostar services. It is insane that even when (or if?) HS2 will be completed, people will still need to drag their luggage onto the underground in order to travel 1 station to connect with the other service.
Dear God I fear you being a young lad in the 90s makes me your senior.  Oh well.  I still wuv you Jago and you are much funnier than that eejit Geoff.
Nice bird at 4:40. What species is it?
Actually, i think that Eurostar and High speed rail will yet have their day...I have used Eurostar for 3.5 round trips, (dont ask about the .5!) and its by far the nicest stress free way to get from London to Paris..maybe a rival operator will give Stratford its International Rescue... (cue Thunderbird One!)
HS2 is another white elephant.  Half arsed as always.
They could route 2 or 3 eurostar a day to end at stratford instead and offer a fast  train exchange in the next platform to go far north
Alternatively it could be 'Scrapford International'. It seems that Ebbsfleet and Ashford aren't particularly international either.
There's one good thing to all this: high hopes and disappointment make much better stories than success.
Well they do have two international (never used) platforms.
do you have an agreement with jeff to upload at the same time?
I recall the Chunnel opening and being extremely underwhelmed.    Keep up the good work fella and stay safe!
I'm pretty sure that Regional Eurostar was cancelled long before Stratford International opened, and that Eurostar don't stop at Stratford because of the short distance between Stratford and St Pancras. Of course, there was never even a possibility of Regional Eurostar at Stratford, since there is no way to get from Stratford to the East Coast or Midland main lines, and with the HS2 connection cancelled it never will happen.
You can't beat a bit of jago. 👍🏻🇬🇧
4 minutes?
I suppose you could call it Stratford I(n't)ernational.
2
Hi!
Good evening everyone
1
