1:35
1:36
ヴァルキリーがようやくこのトレーラーの性能になりそうなので見に来た
Oh wonder, I was seeing this season is bad😂😂
animation ruined for here
"You are never flying one of these death traps"
already 4 years ago…
I loved this video!! good one guys
Как же много мы потеряли...
This is mad nostalgic, how did they fumble this game bro 🥀🥀🥀
I miss real apexxxxxx please give arenas back
God this trailer was so hype
Peak Apex
Awsome, good job, now titanfall 3.
“Tell ‘em Valkyrie sent you” really they ignore Titanfall but taunt the Titanfall community like this?
0:47 – my favorite scene..♥️
One of the best
I miss titanfall
Que te pasó Apex 😞
1:37 they leaked this map 3 years bfr release
Who is here after apex death
"Stand by for Titanfall."
this is such a good season bc the skin looks so good even the map too i looooooooooooooooooooove how it is i love seeing kids getting tortured from this i was like mwahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahaha thats what you get killing me before
downgraded Titan Fall?
Peak
I miss real apex
I miss everything this season was so lit
I miss arenas
Valkyrie wants to be viper sooo bad but she just isn’t him
titanfal players 😢❤
i want to go back to 2021 😞
bring back titanfall :'(
Valkyrie will never live up to her fathers status in the community
2:33 callate we a ti note sale
Her dad did it better
nice viper references there ,
Like father like dautgher valkiery
God my pilot instinct hits, when she boo.s through the sound barrier, an no sonic clouds appear just trigger me, that or if she was already past Mach, would have been better to hear nothing then her boo. As she past by.
My favs
mirage survives another trailer  mirage fans: 😃   wraith fans: 💀
Back when apex was good
i will never forgive respawn for removing arenas. "permanent mode" yeah right
i wish we could go back to this point in apex
Still love hearing crane in mirage
I love there part where mirage runs from the opps and proceeds to whine about his amazing opportunity of a cinematic devoted to himself. Really, imagine the posibilities!
Viper (titanfall2) daughter
Pretty cool
good thing Jack and bt won't be seeing this
Верните арены!!!!!!!!!!
Coming back to this I realized Gibraltar was against bloodhound and lifeline which was his squad on the No season launch
Referencias a Titanfall :)
This is my favourite apex trailer
It only took 2 years for Arenas to completely die :(
Octane dying is the funniest thing EVER
Why does octane always have to die in each trailer
The memories of viper in Titanfall 2 really hit me hard😢
It's been 2 years..
Poor old arenas ....  Just as trash as ash herself....
I miss Arenas
i miss these kind of launch trailer
1:49
The roster is so big but I'll never forget the line "I own the sky"
when valk said viper's lines it give me chill
No one realizes is it is paying honor and tribute to the game that started this franchise. Long live titanfall and it's pilots
Literally the best launch trailer and I will not be hearing any other opinion
Everyone: SAY THE LINE  Valkyrie: 0:40
AO this music is fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥
1:54
Me, VIPER!!! Valkyrie, No
Everytime I hear Mirage I remember Kyle Crane. And I love it 🙌
One of the best season
Daughter like dad
A bit late, but I like the part when TTV Wingman Wraith blames her teammate for having fun. Truly, an Apex experience.
0:53 i just wish we had more like this octane segments in trailers
God, valkyrie is such a karen
VINSON DYNAMICS!?  TITANFALL STILL LIVES!!!
Roger that, prepare for titanfall
"Fox-3,sending it home!"
Is nobody gonna talk about how Octane got deleted? @1:10
It's an absolute joy to see the og trio os pathfinder, wraith and mirage.
Lets rewind that crypto scene again and again and again
2:13
Y con esto nos despedimos del Modo Arenas. QDEP
Is there any game mode you can collect someones doesn't matter whose team when you collect them they become your team mate or something like that ?
Almost licked my screen the moment loba came up
Titanfall 2 character fr
Wait i thought she said" justice rains from above"
Fuse has me blushing
AWOOOOOOOOO 🐺
私は変わったこの絵柄が好きでは無い
The funiest apex legends trailer 😂
Best season by far
Best trailer
1:11 *sends octane to brazil*
this is SO CRINGE for woke (lgb)tqiae2+ people only  never will buy this game
Hello
Titanfall 1&2 are better than this garbage dump of a game
Ok but can we wall run now?
Itd be nice if valkyrie could use weapons while flying like she does with the bow in the trailer
One of the best trailers
The Titianfall reference 😭
Does anyone gonna admit that apex exists just because of Titanfall,and apex is worst then Titanfall 2
I remember when this was new 🥲
Omega, is that you?
1:45 loba tho
Valkyrie uses all  of her dads voiclines but slightly different. How cute
"Viper's got chu' in the pipe five by five." bruh the moment i saw this i HAD to say that
Season 14 and I still think this is the best launch trailer for any season of apex
Already over a year ago? Time changes fast man
Valk is just a small viper
2:31 wait, that doesn't sound right.
😎
1:09 my favorite part
2:13 (Revenant’s finisher) Revenant: You are to weak to fight me, *S K I N B A G*
2:34 like father like daughter
Nah i killed ash why is she back
Is it just me who never rlly liked valkyrie ?
1:12 : my mom coming to beat my *ss cuz I didnt take out the trash 1:25 :my grandma saving my *ss
✊
Wraith has a wingman. Caustic has a mastiff. Random Mirage throws the whole game. Respawn knows us.
so glad i made valk a orphan in titanfall 2
0:55 - Do It Slow Amigos~
Mirage is a bigg waste
Valkyrie will honesty never be as cool as viper
Pause this video and there's disturbing moment 2:07 and 2:15  Edit: horizon get killed by crypto and his eyes turn to black and a smile and wraith got killed by revenant wraith eye ball is so big
OnE DOES nOT SUbSCRIbE TO OR/anD REnOUnCES THE COmmEnT TO THUS vIDEO THE HOLy DIvInE GOD THE FaTHER OF JESUS CHRIST knOwS wHaT OnE mEanS.
i wish the guy on the thumbnail would be playable
1:26
1:51 pathfinder has a crush on ash confirmed
That could never happen to wraith if it wasn’t a game…can’t believe am just now watching this cuz I missed this season😪
Bruh at that time the were all so irritated bc they didn’t know eho ash is
wow that was A YEAR AGO
wow that was A YEAR AGO
No way its already been 1yr since valk released
easily the best trailer so far, still come back to it to get hype to play valk sometimes
My favorite squad so far: Horizon and wattson.
watching this a year later, i still remember thinking she would be able to shoot while in the air.   Reality: Valkyrie talks 11 damage than flies into the sky only to get shot by a kraber
Viper way better
i want apex to go back to the old trailer art it was better
Wraith looks so tired
Check 2:09 for a Bangalore prestige skin tease!
that song good 😃😃😃😃😃
still one of my fave seasons
So NOBODY is gonna talk about the full auto g7 at the start...
Honestly, this might be my least favorite of the Apex launch trailers. This one’s just underwhelming. It focused too little on Valk and Arenas. It was mostly shootouts with no connection to each other. The only times it felt like an Apex trailer was the bit with Mirage and Wraith. The rest was just so meh
No way it's been 1 year
Man, I remeber the hype for this season was unreal.
bruh its been a year, how
Pov your octane and running from school
Yioo titanfall ist combakk☺☺☺
this was almost 1 year ago, considering that pre-season 1 was 3 years ago, i feel old
Rennet me?
As for octane mains out there its accurate running from a entire team
Rất hay nha bạn.mình đăng ký theo dõi bạn nhé cảm ơn bạn.
Where yo dad at
Valkyrie looks cool, Titanfall 3 would look cooler though
00:21 funny how no one is talking about it but bangalore just full autoed with a g7 xD
Best Apex Trailer !! :)
We titanfall Players still rather want our titanfall 2 back 😑😑😑
"vipers got you in the pipe 5x5, your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me, no where to run. No where to hide."
Honest never like valk. Cause she cocky
man if arenas mm was better :(
0:47 a yes tip in School
Wow
Notice me
Love this game
Legend Concepts: (Blisk)  Passive: Can See Ammo Through Walls  Tactical: Spawns A Barricade With 300 Health  Ultimate: Spawns A Crate With 200 Of Every Ammo      (Hyper Bot)  Passive: Can Triple Jump  Tactical: Shoots Lightning Strikes  From The Sky Locking On To Nearby Enemies Destroying 3 Shield Or Health Bars
0:26 0:51
Valk:I own the sky Cooper: well you know who else owned the sky looked at how it turned out for him
“ I love whoever came up with this new game”  I’m sure you do Path 😒
Mirage running around with a Wingman and not getting kills? That’s game-accurate, right there.
As a battlefront 2 Boba fett main it was my duty to main valkyrie in this game
Why did Watson betray octane like that
A performance update for Nintendo Switch players would be nice. Maybe better graphics, resolution, Performance, stability, and better constant 30 FPS without loss of performance. I mean epic games was able to do it no problem. So respawn what do you have to say? (Also FOV slider and HUD scale)
Mirages true light shines in arenas
1:44 best angle
This is my Fav Season, I love the bocek, Arenas, Valkyrie, Olympus Changes
little tip: wattson is toxic. C'est la vie is fench for thats life
1:26
2:01 only just saw the teaser for overflow lol
this was one of the best seasons of apex ngl
wraith do be running that wingman r9 combo
still the best launch trailer
1:07
Mirage and Wraiths relationship is the best because they're complete opposites
ミラージュあんた
0:53 POV: Your suicidal friend at 2 AM says “Thanks for everything”
Another trailer where caustic is neglected. No surprise, it's honestly disappointing that such a great character is owned by complete morons. RIP Caustic 🙏
This really feels like it’s from last year… wait
anyone know the BGM？thx
eh!
buen video
VIPER CHAN 😭😭😭😭
I ship mirage and wraith and pathfinder is just the teammate for them too
squad: engaged valk: so far away looting she has to ult to get to them
0:55 2x speed wheen you take 2 vitamin gummies instead of one
Best season literally
como se llama la cancion
Trailer: *Talks about the new season and Valkyrie* Everyone in the comments:Mirage, Wraith and Pathfinder
0:46
wait a second is he wearing a titan fall mask
Nothing as clickbaity as this trailer is for valk
Horizon must of been super dedicated to sit there and  chase octane 😂
juego culiao está mas bueno que culear perros callejeros.
Did the animation change.?
I love ashe just watching horizon like"yes .... Die.... Like you should've when i threw you into that black hole"
1:48 Yeet!
1:30 Lol!
хахахахах слили перса амы ине догадались ачё да и поиграть поздновато только сяс уже 11 сезон авы ещё 10 показали или 9😃😑
The thumbnail almost made me believe Valkyrie had a monocle on her right eye and something that closely resembles a goatee?
Bangalore’s G7 just fired in full auto..
👍
Ash was actually spoiled in this trailer 1:56
People who didnt play titanfall 2: look a new champion that can fly, and a unknow robot? People who play titanfall 2: look another one to be placed 6 feet under the ground, and ash? Didnt we ended her?
I hate that Valk can do these fancy moves in the air and shoot in the air but she can't ingame
песня?
Bro i remember when i was hyped. I thought she was going to be able to FLY and not hover
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
haa haa haaa,...Too SLoww Amigooss
I thought you were dead, Ash.
0:00 - 2:41
Valk tries too hard to be cool dont @ me
With Ash in game who will be arena announcer
🔥
Ok one this game is s much fun! I am n level 210
Zylbrad  i watch your videos on YouTube
My favourite apex trailer and will probably always be
Why did Ash get a 2nd new model design? It was first green, now it's blue.... 🤔
Justice rain from abooveee
Wattson saves octane in season 2 the rest of the season shes just bullying him
i love the Legacy Launch Trailer. 💙
Btw the drink fuse drank was koala kola and that soda was in the new arena map encore aka seer's homeland
And here we are, waiting for ash
what is the phrase valkyrie says at the beginning of the video?
So... Does no one actually DIE in the APex games?
今さらだけどシーズン9でトレーラーの絵柄変わったよね
Best launch trailer by far
0:44 - Gibraltar: _gets kicked in the face_
0:54  Octanes Laugh the best
1:51 the obama meme
They pick the worst music.
Honestly thought octane was gonna slip on his empty stem
what's the song playing?!
0:54 me, injecting ketamine so i can get to the last seat in the tram before the old lady gets to it
0:20  Did Bangalore just make the G7 full auto?
I love how Lobe gets cocky and then Path just delete-kicks her out of this world
Excuse me, do everyone noticed there are many comments from bots here? To be more clear, there are many comments of bots coppying other comments
wow
i cant even play the game it says error 30007  ive tried everything to fix it but nothing works
Just like when you fight viper It’s always hard
Pathfinder just makes my day
Get it fuze is drinking koala kola You know the drink that’s being promoted on the map encore
Seriously? No comments on how the animation recieved a HUGE buff? Noone?
This is so amazing! The only culprit is Youtube compression even at 1440P
So still no one talk about wraith and caustic ?? First trailer and now
why does wraith always look like she haven't slept for ages
this is better for  roblox
Octane beast
Valkyrie: killing an squad  Octane: running from wattson and horizon Mirage: holding an disco of decoys
When they make ash a legend, they better reserve the name for a legendary skin "apex predator" for blisk because I feel like they would give her a skin called that instead of him
i would wish apex was this cool
0:21 Notice Closely that the G7 Scout is Full Auto
this is a dumb complaint but Bangalore is holding a r-99 and from bloodhound's shield there were 3 shots fired at it and lore is aiming for him don't know what pronun to call him since he's non binary but calls himself a hunter basically will the r-99 have burst fire
Octanes scene was badass
At 2:02 they leak the map Overflow
coming back to this trailer just to see arena overflow teaser is in here lol
I'm surprised she didnt miss that wingman shot
Jack Cooper is tipyng...
Mirage dosent care any less 😂
she said the viper line!!!
2:01  EA
O jogo está incrível ❤️
The animation looks kind of scuffed this season
cool, it worked out, I'm also trying
Finally got a pilot in game as a legend ❤  Shes even got that helmet that was removed from titan fall 2 xD
I don't think she gets the point of a valkirye, she's supposed to take people to vallhala
I have a theory about this trailer and Crypto rigging the games. In the trailer, Ash says: “It’s time to return the legends to where they started. A little underground brutality.” while she adjusts her algorithm. What if ”underground brutality” is referring to her rigging the games? In Crypto’s finisher, you can see him take the chip out of the legend. Maybe this chip is in there so they can adjust the chances for each legend winning, so she can spawn a gun near them or not. And when she says “Return the legends to where they started”,  is she referring to Crypto succeeding at unrigging the games?
Arena>Battel Royal
the mill animation
2:30 When you watch your Octane get hit with Caustic Ult, Fuse Ult, and Seer tactical after telling him to push
lobas face when path just says oh i goofed up
apex legends
Bro she just took fuses voice line while killing fuse
Octane looks like hes running at the speed of sound while in game its just a 30% speed boost
My fav part is Rampart just spraying Octane with Sheila like woooooooooo machine gun go brrrrrrrrr!
she totally missed that shot at the end
i hate apex but im only here for this 2:27
valk: SNIPES Fuse with an arrow My season now B**CH
Trailer: Shooting while flying as Valkyrie In game: *flies and then got shot* I"M GROUDED!
2:06 wish we could do that in game
Valkyrie here: serious, disrespectful Valkyrie in-game: flight attendant
I need honest opinions. Should I or should I not play this game for the first time now or is this game to far into new stuff for me to adapt?
Did I just see a full auto g7 at 0:21 ?
1:50 loba looks so good like that 🥵💦
how come the first part of the video (the very first 3 seconds) sounds like the aether portal when you interact with it.
I like how octane doesn’t in every season trailer :p
Why does octane get so bullied?
Do we know how all the legends stay alive after getting murdered after each game or no
Hey Warzone 2...how u work with hackers? I have 178 level in apex and play 15 games and met 15 cheaters... Do u have same lame developers like cod or u will die same like a cod?
Valk in trailer: fly through the sky insanely quick and cool  In game: flys for a couple of secs
1:07
Mirage did the full on we've been expecting you
Nobody: Motherlode: *sets fire on ice*
if only the fights were this epic
I like the omage to the First Apex launch trailer at 1:26
The nutritious kenneth ostensibly permit because defense ideally type opposite a woozy chard. narrow, witty carnation
This was the most hype I’ve ever been for apex
хорошее видео
Oh I wish valk could actually fly like that
Best season yet
sus
it would be a nice Wattson buff if the fences activate when an enemy goes close to one
Are we going to ignore that horizon just sniped octane with a peacekeeper
This was the worse apex season in eternity   Season 8 WAS 1000000000000000000x Better and
This is why you should never use that much STIMS octane you got eliminated by a wattson fense lol.
Nice nice wait for season 9
The last part of valkery is dope 😨🔥 2:32
worst season
Valkyrie flying in the trailer:🚀 Valkyrie flying in the game:✈
All yours darling   U cannot outrun the current    Whattttt6
Valk in trailer: mini viper.  Valk in game: 8 seconds worth of fuel take it or leave it
I want even more mirage+wraith+pathfinder
Best part of this trailer is “TOO SLOW AMIGO”
I literally just realized that Respawn made Wraith a sweaty Wraith because she has a Wingman and an R-99 in this trailer
Watching this because season 10 isn’t looking great
bruh that shows the overflow map at 2:01
ミラージュ草
So when u guys gonna release a proper film series of Apex Legends and not just short YT clips? You do realize this is a gold mine everyone wants?
Here from Swagbucks
This trailer is only 3 months old but I'm still nostalgic for it  Edit: going on to 5 months wow  ((^_^))
Respawn: ok so we need to make season 9 the best season we possibly can. Any ideas? Guy 1: make sure the servers cant handle how many players are trying to get in so nobody can play. Respawn: good idea! Any other ideas? Guy 2: remove skull piercer and then give wingman a fully kitted version after removing its best attachment. Respawn: *GIVE THAT MAN A RAISE!*
lol the lava map was teased before and no one noticed 2:02
Mirage makes this whole trailer
Skull town map (arenas) is just like that one cod map
Who was the guy in the end
About ash so is she like revenant she can just come back but not bt-7274
Make server in africa please
To slow amigos! Please makes this a quip in the game if not already.
2:00 meltdown event teaser :>
2:07 f x Horizon
Viper from valorant has got bored so she switching games
mirage and wraith are still fighting over the gold loot from s1 trailer lol
1:15
25,000
Octane dies in every single trailer
This new animation style is really disappointing. Why did you change it? Mirage looks bizarre here and not like himself at all, and all the character faces and movements are off...way too Disney/Pixar-like instead of the craggier painted look and more unique features they used to have. The trailer itself is good but the look and style of the animation is a huge departure from what made Apex trailers so great in the past. I sincerely hope you go back to the previous style for next season...
Moment of silence for Loba
Fox 3 sending it home is where I lost it
Everybody: "I miss viper!" YOU FREAKING KILLED HIM BY SHOOTING HIM IN THE FACE!
0:48
Watch me nooooooooooòoooooowwwwwwwww
Este trailer me hizo entrar y descargar apex en ps4 pero ahora estoy sufriendo para jugar por un maldito error en fin :)
2:01 I just noticed they show us the next new map on arenas
Justice Rains from above
krl não tem um trailer que a bloodhound n esteja se fodendo
Octane is epic everytime
Game mode is nice,just wish I would be able to leave without worry,because when the penalty came,it made it unplayable for me,does anyone else agree?
y
2:07 Nice eyes
Apex needs a show on Netflix
Crazy to think its already been 2 months, and with less than 30 days left of the battlepass
Season 10 what is come in
Legacy of the apex predators
I'ma be the one who says it  The beginning line sounds exactly like the medivac from star craft
I hope they solve the hack
1:49 fellow anti-simp
hey apex my step brother really likes this game but not addicted his birthday is gonna be on jul 31 and he would appreciate it if that every legend you buy (apex tokens or apex credits) they should come with 1 or 2 legend packs and it would contain nothing but epics and legendaries oh and he would like if he got every legend for free which was his make a wish for diabetes since season four he plays on switch his username should be sh1n06i if not than mike_rotch thx.
1:33 where did mirage get that gun
“Full Auto G7 isn’t real. It can’t hurt you.” Full Auto G7 Scout: 0:21
Valkyrie in the trailer : totally overpowered flying and shooting  Valkyrie in the game : I’m a flying target !
Seeing ash survive being crushed by a massive titan and losing to a untrained pilot is lucky
ミラージュパスレイスの組み合わせ好き
yall could really make a movie
Why does the art style look like League of Legends?
the arena...</3 if only titanfall2 wasnt suffering from ddos. dammit my last wish is titanfall 3 lol
but why is caustic only one that dies so eazy but his in game voice lines are like he is something that cant be killed with ez xD
why they always do Caustic like this
Mirage: Watch me nowwww....... :0 Wraith: remember me, Mirage really?
Can we agree on mirage being that one vibing guy in the match
2:14.  Wraith in trailer: Scared of heights.     Wraith in game: Not scared because there is no fall damage.
Hahaha, loba gets a punch in the face it made my day
pathfinder yearns for true gender equality.  equal rights equal fights
Valkyrie: U can have the ground. I own the sky Valkyrie in game: I can only fly 4 meters in the sky and im proud of it.
ash is definety season 10 legend its mentioned in the video
I just realized that fused used his ult against a bunch of fake mirages at the last part of video
صصصصصصصص
They should buff mirage, he is just too cool
I lost my apex account and since I haven’t played the game but I still watch the trailers over and over again
2:37     Will ash de titanfall 2?
Just got back into apex legends and this trailer is awsome
The best scene when octane was running
This game is borin now
I play as lobe
Ask me why there ain’t a animated show of apex yet? This animation is so good
Apex look at my recent heirlooms video you really gonna do me like that
Pathfinder aint no simp ✌ respect
No one is going to talk about ash huh
This would be a great show
Garbage
Add car smg or a pilot from titanfall pleasssssssssss!!!
VR battles doesn't sound bad 😎
Apex can you fix player queue i cant not com in mi match pls apex
1:29 I fucken love these two
very good very well optimized game, works as intended specially the audio and the servers part, its just amazing
Can we just get more cinematic trailers from the Outlands in between seasons? Is that too much to ask?
2:16 why is she screaming there is literally 0 fall damage.
mmm toast
Alter das Spiel hätte mal echt besser werden können, wenn es nicht andauernd irgendwelche probleme geben würde.
I'm literally just realized mirage can hid his guns using his cloak. That would be an interesting mechanic and I'd love to see it be used somehow, if not on him, on a new legend.
Octane mains, rise up
Did horizon just snipe octane with a pk
How dare you tell me that Valkyrie ISN'T a taunt to Titanfall players and the devs AREN'T acknowledging the existance of that franchise?
This trailer is definitely on season 3 level. That Valk intro was just sick
All these trailer buffs would be amazing to see...IN GAME!
Wraith entry with cool and clam attitude and those eyes 🥰😍
Valkyrie the show off
Well THAT seemed like an unnecessary Wattson buff
Bring back kings canyon
Viper?
C'est la vie ^^
Legacy's got you in the vibe 9 by 9
Loba gets thiccer every trailer 1:43
Season 9 trailer have Been dropping and caustic still dead
Think she my fav now
Eu ganho sempre só que de sorte e eu domino os céus 😎
Ninguem me vencerá! 😎
Sou fã desse joho sou prô e domino os céus 😎
What does Ash mean by return the legends to where it started?
Fix the servers, every masters game error screen because losers that gotta ddos and you guys do nothing about it or it's the trash servers, this game is unenjoyable and I'm about to quit playing it until those 2 things get fixed it's sad how much money people put into this game and I'm sure everyone is wondering what you guys are doing with it because you aren't fixing the game that's for sure. Add ddos protection
2:04 no one is gonna talk about that being crypto finisher???
I'm a better gamer and better than a ninja
Everything but their faces looks great  The faces are off
Phara but better?
:)
I love how pathfinder mirage and wraith are always a squad
Caustic just can’t catch a break
1:03 As a Wattson main (also Crypto), who has been killed by many Octanes in the past and now have a weird love-hate relationship with Octane mains. I like this a lot 😂
For the next season Apex should be out some Anime music like Attack on titan that it says -See you big girl it will be fun
Calling it now; Ash as a playable character in season 10.
As a octane main I don't like to die
Loba needs more hype
Noooooo Octane died 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 no...
Me when i see my scene: Pathfinder saves the day🙂👍
Legacy of the Apex predators?  Im gonna go on a limb and assume the simulacrum in the hood is ash. And Valkyrie is the daughter of Viper. Cool.
My favorite scene is at 0:48
0:34 hi kai'sa
1:26 flashback of when Wraith sent Costic on her portal in one of the og trailers
Mirage, Wraith and Path are like the BFF squad.  Poor wraith has to deal with their silliness
Cool wraith looks like a yonki
As an octane main I get my hopes up every time a launch trailer comes out, just wanting octane to not die. But once again he didn’t last much over a minute :(
2:07 ホライゾンの顔草
Is there a 6 v 6 yet??
Octane always being a demon
For the rate is 999999/10
2:13
Every like is a little bit of motivation for Octane to Outrun the corrent
Loba getting all the smoke this season it seems.
yall noticed that right
Your journey ends here, gibby. This game belongs to me. No where to run, nowhere to hide
Wraith gotta take a nap😂
Dude this gives me Into the spider verse vibes
u can have a ground  ME and Valyries : we own the skys
Is anyone going to talk about the fact that VALKYRIE WAS FLYING AND AIMING WITH THE BOCEK AT THE SAME TIME
Wait didn't we smush Ash in titan fall
I think the one that destroyed fuses welcome party might be the season 10 legend
Valkyries either die first trying to 1v3 a team or die saving yours
I love how they kept the wingman wraith main throughout all the trailers, respawn really knows their player base
1:01 you acting sus 😳
Valkyrie is my new waifu:3
I just realized wraith said remember me to caustic because he almost killed her in the 1st trailer
2:33 that part though XD
New season 10 trailer be like valkryie meet cooper
Animation gets better, attention to game worse
I tbought she couldnt shoot while flying
I like octane and his stem
COOL
NOOOOOO FUSE
I just started playing near the end of s8. Can anybody tell me who the arena robot lady is?
This art style is terrible
We speed if you know what I talking about you og gang
New content that means i will install it again!
If they didn't add in season 10 Ash from titanfall i am gonna be mad because why Loba revives her when she didn't come fight too or!!!!!  She is the one who created Apex Legends!
Why octane die again
ok, i cant be the only one that heard paths voice and was so weirded out
The first thing Valkyrie said did any one think about the Starcraft unit
Codm players: well this is shot as freefire
My mans fuse just wanted a cold one
I LOVE THESE TRAILERS SO MUCH PLSS
Nobody gonna talk about how octane looks like he somehow ran from carrier on Olympus to artillery in Kings canyon?  (Yes, it's supposed to be the little huts in artillery but that room was so long it looked more like carrier than artillery)
HEY WANNA FIX THE LAG THATS BEEN HERE SINCE SEASON 9 CAME OUT. Cause I'm seriously sick of it dude. I just walked around the corner and threw an ark star and it lagged me back behind the corner and threw it at the wall in front of me and I died. 😑 It's not my internet I have 30 ping. And everyone I talk to says they're lagging too. I like arena, but if we can't have it without lagging I don't want it.
2:33 where is this Quip, its not ingame, i want it and also 0:39, this one is different ingame, or maybe they will come out later??
The likeable creature opportunely tie because oak inevitably request via a wasteful nose. astonishing, complex flugelhorn
0:46 Octane part was absolutely epic!
You cannot outrun the current, c’est la vie!
1:04 biggest lie
You see
Apex when I said you are a very good game I  didn't mean for story but man do you do good animations and voice acting
did bloodhound just trip 0:19
0:48 why I’m an octane main
New story NEW GAME!!
I-... I watched this 10 times and just realized Bangalore shot that G7 like an auto
PLEASE GIVE ME FAST VERSION OF THIS MUSIC USED IN OCTANE SCENE, PLEASE!
They just added to much unneeded stuff, over powered characters, underpowered characters, the annoying nurf of wraith where it takes forever for her to phase. Season one and two were by far the best seasons, they need to just make those seasons playable with the same guns and everything, the disruptor rounds too and everything the same as it was. Until then this game is boring now and just not fun to play lol.
1:56 Oh, is that... Ash? Well long time no see.
Of cord wraith has a wingman
You got players shooting six shots out of the mastiff in under four seconds? 🤔
Mirage why u singing :/
Such a cliffhanger
:0 trenzinho
RIP octane RIP loba RIP horizon RIP ruse
Valkyrie: These guys are good, but they’ve never gone against someone like me Legends: That’s what they all say, welcome new girl
1:41
will octane ever last more than 1 minute in any trailer?           im close to giving up hope
Sell this game to others
Trash company
Trash servers
1:52 the classic squad
1:22 "Gas trap deployed" so much for their trap
Lucky her jet pack doesn’t work like that
Please help me, I'm just addicted to apex trailers
hi sisters
She looks like a Rocket Angel on Red Alert 3
Sell thsi game to diff company ... u are the worst
Ahs's legs looks like she's an amputee
Octane so cute I very like
am i the only one who wants a rv show of this game MORE LORE
Apex kk
Wish we got more cool Mirage moments like his fight with Bloodhound in the season 3 trailer. Kinda old having him constantly being the punchline
Ash comes next season, she is just watching the legends for the moment
1:38 wat was that gun?
Aww respawn coming back to the titmes they made unique games
0:10 THEY DID IT THEY SAID THR FUNNY
Valkyrie: I wanna be just like daddy, and live up to his name!   Jack Cooper: Be careful what you wish for; your dad said he owned the skies too, but now he's six feet under.
Kinda sounds like Ash from Titanfall 2 I just realised
They so need to do a tv show for this
“Legacy of a champion cannot be messaged by simple victories”  Me: Dies in 2 seconds after landing
Love it if fuses tac really did that
1:03sec IMAGINE THIS AS A BUFF FOR WATTSON! When enemies com into range of her fences they come up and not allow people to pass through them for a short time. that would actually be nice!
Horizon : Hits 9 to Octane with peacekeeper.  Also Horizon: All yours darlin'.
StarCraft Medivac at the intro
Why no titans though 😢
1:51 Wraith left Pathfinders banner in the previous trailer. They were both shocked to see him again.
Did anyone literally not even notice that when wraith says remember me? Its a reference to the launch trailer for apex? (P.s how i know i because i was reading comments)
2:33 ig
Love the call backs to the og team from one of the first trailers and the caustic wraith fight from one of them
Love the throwback to the original trios squad from the Season 1 trailer!! The Wraith, Mirage, and Pathfinder trio haha
Ash is alive
VIPER
0:48 me after putting the cookbook in the women's sports section
I wish the game had this style ingame and not just the promos.
this sezon is so good
I see the og squad is back aka mirage wraith and pathfinder
that fuse has killed more that half the lobby at 2:18
Did gibby have low health cause  valkyrie homing missile damage in the gam emakes no sense
why lifeline have shields if they removed it
imagine if apex was like this valk would be op flying around squad wiping and cant be shot sheeesh
1:49 getting hit with a robot just runs in  the family
Hey it’s ash from tf2
Mirage is the funniest legend in the game
Nowhere
0:40 ill put right here
PSN Mohsan_El-agouri
1:48 pathfinder to the rescue
Bout time you brought out a fix for these pathetic servers, a week since update and nothing
I love seeing Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder together. Idk why they’re just the best Trio
She shot while flying, she cheating bro
Omfg my brain is exploding with titanfall
I miss old trailers art style
Bro no wonder it had so low graphic it's in testing ory iBuyPower PC is just bad
Loba with those slick moved
Trash game
I knew valks helmet looked familiar
0:49 me when I get all fs on my report card and my mom sees it
Where is rampart?
I swear rather mirage or octane die horrible deaths
She look like the person from overwatch
One of the best seasons in my opinion
best trailer out of all of them definitely
looks like pharah but apex
they fly now? i guess they fly now
1:07 Maybe Wattson will have an actual parent figure that doesn't betray her...
She got you in the pipes
Fox 3 sending it home You can have the ground I own the sky
1:39 i am Just Now noticing wraith's (cooler) vault over the crate
2:38 Fuse Loses His Other Eye - 1440p
IS THAT ASH FROM TITANFALL 2 - 2:02
Can Octane finally stop dying on every trailer possible?- (even tho this scene was pleasing)
Hype
Pls nerv the bow 😡
Why bloodhound has to suffer every Gameplay or Cinematic Trailer EA MANNN
"Tbh, were trying not to make titanfall 3"- a dev
Ngl Octane gets hotter every trailer
2:16 what is that
2:08 ew what is that and that crypto is t posing
Man, this trailer does such a good job of getting the “feeling” of Octane’s movement. I love it.
thumbs up
season 9: what a let down. 48hrs of server downtime legends name changed from valk to valkyrie weapon changed from CAR to bocek bow valk’s ethnicity changed from norwegian to asian double jump tap-strafing and wallrunning banned
I’m in the pipe 5 by 5.
"YOU DARE STAND WHERE HE ONCE STOOD?!"
0:14 „im in the pipe, 5 by 5“ i miss viper
0:21
1: 27 remember me
Esse trailer ficou simplismente PIKA
Valkyrie is the new legend:    Pathfinder: Am I a joke to you!??
Another good cinematic battle. I hoping in there next one they have another focus squad cinematic, like the Official Launch, Battle Charge, Meltdown, and Ascension cinematics.
FUSE HAD 34 KILLS! WHAT!
Oh god the Viper boss fight PTSD is kicking in
2:34 Wait that’s illegal you can’t hold out weapons nor shoot them while flying
Man they should make a apex movie it just looks dope
Mirage is such a vibe
Why can she shoot in the air here
Did they fire the other animator I don’t like the new sort of animation
nice to see ash and vipers daughter from titan fall
Ash: its time to bring the legends at the moment where it all begun  As I do remember at the place where it all started were titans, WHERE ARE THE TITANS RESPAWN ????!!!!
The beats always dope 👌
ASH WHAT THE HECK IS THAT YOU  (also congratulations to Tommee profitt for making not one, not two, but THREE songs for apex legends. his songs for apex legends so far are “Watch me now” “I know your secrets” and “Only one king”. HE IS THE KING 👑   <——— this for you tommee.                    🙌
If cooper would be legend would his passive would be wallrunning his tactical would be being invisible (like in campaign) but what would be his Ultimate ? Hmmmm I dont think it would be titan because titan would be too OP in Apex Legends
I still more like revenant
ASH
In intro: Wraith: Mirage really? In Game: All of the teammates, when i pick Mirage: MIRAGE??????? REALLY??????
Though wasn’t octane stimmed, which should have made him able to run through the fence without being stunned?
IS TAHT ASH
Am I the only one who thinks the animation got worse
P2020 버프하라 너프는 심한거 아닌가 ㅠ 내 2020
Say hi to death for me...again.
Viper helmet should be standard tbh
Vipers got you in the pipe, five five five
YO THATS TOTALLY ASH FROM VINSON DYNAMICS
i honestly like the old animation style not going to lie i liked the 2dish feel to it while still remaining in a 3d plane.... as well as the more hand drawn feeling
Топ! Top!
So it’s unreal tournament
therrs already rule34  nice.
I hope just because respawn gave us some titanfall 2 content dosent mean titanfall 3 isint happening
Ali Faheem has left the game.... known as the Emperor of Apex
Is this fornite now? I haven't played in a while.
wamen ftw.
просто ахуительно! Спасибо разрабам за этот контент!!
I already hate this women she kicked Gibraltar
they look like they are having so much fun in a war
All lives matter
1:54 ASH POG
OH MY GOD SHE SAID IM IN THE PIPE FIVE BY FIVE
1:27  wraith with a wingman yes I so remember you
The new legend is op
Me gusta
pharah?
WHY DO WE HALF TO BUY HER SKIN WITH VIPER HELMET FOR REAL MONEY
AWESOME TRALER😊
Please buff crypto to have a passive where his drone can fly along side him. Make the highlighting, that the drone is able to do, more narrow sighted in this mode so it's not to overpowered but make it to where you don't have to throw his drone all the time.
soo hyped für neue Season <3
02.07
yoooooooooo this trailer is soooo sick            yeah yeah, i know i should write this a week ago
Are we just going to ignore that we now see ash from titanfall back from the dead and with a new look,I bet money that she is going to be a legend in season 10
Dear Apex Legends: I’m sorry, but i always being duos, or solos, although im in trio mode. Im sure this is a bug, please fix it. And 1 more, when I’m low in health, and I’m trying to heal. It’s delaying, I’m spamming for syringe of course, so please fix this bug.
they need to make a movie
"We should bring back Viper, Viper was cool. Maybe give his titan to his daughter"  "Alright lets do it" *makes the trailer* "Wait respawn hates titans now"  "uhh... give her a jetpack? That's all people remember Viper for anyways"
Man octane is da man
dude  Wraith entry 😍😍😍😍  remember me   boom💥  that's why I love her  these  2 charecter loba and  wraith  ufff...❤️ 😍
I swear pathfinder always saves wraith and mirage in these trailers
Mirage hands down was the best part of this trailer
YOOOOO ASH
Caustic better get the best of someone in the next trailer 😪
1:51 I've kinda seen this scene 2 years ago in a strange live action video ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
nice
Legacy of the Apex Predators... Titantafll 3 now bois hahaha
when my mom sells my lego: 2:13
MY WOMAN ASH IS BACK!!!!! WE ARE REUNITED
pregunta porque en la mayoria de los trailers al octane le pasa algo
Nice video keep it up make more related videos
Are they nerfing Revanents abilities yet?
まっじっでっすき
i cant get into sever fixx this
Lobs getting smacked into the tv made me laugh harder then I should’ve
This character owerwatch  Apex now OwerwatchPubg
Rampage always having a blast.
1:51 path says “I love whoever created this new game”. In the lore, ash was paths girlfriend and she created arenas. I think it was in the s6 comic.
Love this trailer
Ja toll die sollen die verfickten server gerade biegen
This games soo laggy can u guys please update it, it keeps searching ffs
If they make cooper as a legend I will be happy
Apex legend is the only game that evolves from season to season from trailler to game quality
Why does Bloodhound the only dude I use in this game, Only die in the trailer. 0:22 2:11
Yes that’s cool but the real launch was terrible guys, glitches everywhere
MAYA AAGAYA
So we all gonna pretend that wattson fences just appeared when octane ran right through it...man lol if that was a buff she'd be op...wattson needs a bufff
Amazing graphics
I love the music choice. It fits the animation perfectly
Apex why can we not play Valk  🤔😕😐ummmmmmmmmmmm
Bro I was excited and I'm disappointed now
WHY IS OCTANE ALWAYS DYING IN THESE TRAILERS!!!
So, all my stuff just got deleted from my account that has been accumulating since pre-season 1, am I going to get it all back?
Lifeline's shield is gone😭
Ápex my ápex is bug :(
WHY IS APEX BROKEN RIGHT NOW?????? BRO?????
this animation makes me wanna bust Jesus christ its so good
PATHFINDER CAME IN CLUTCH
0:34 justice rains from above 🙃
Ash!!!!!
The servers are down for specifically PS4 users fix it ea
*fix season nine this instant or I will break your niko niko knee caps
Expectation:  Reality: Uhh, so you can look at anything on the menu if your lucky enough to get in
We gonna talk about how Watson deleted Octane from existence
Viper in apex?
I think Arena is a Deathmatch mode
The new legend is such a copy off of Pharah from overwatch
mirage was hilarious, petition to make hydroponics an arena map, one team starts on the left, the other starts on the right, high ground has low tier loot, and one legendary loot item. the low ground has all mid tier loot, purple, gray stuff. actually i know that’s not how it works you don’t find weapons but whatever i thought it was a good idea, but the idea it you can go high ground, high risk, high reward, or, you can go low grounds, low risk, medium reward.
2:37 I’ll let your dad know you said hi
i just cant how wraith said "remember me"
if only i could actually play it RESPAWN FIX THE SERVERS
Crypto casually slapping Horizon 🤣
watching this while waiting for servers to be back up :(
seeing wattson and horizon vibing puts a smile on my face
This cinematic pretty much sums up how the devs treat caustic...
Am I the only one who feels a bit bad when legends like wraith dies the way she died
0:49 thats my boi look at him go?
“No servers found”
Yo at 0:53, that dude octane is out of here dude,  😅😅😅
Why does this look like a new fortnite season trailer...
0:35 no one  My brain:justice rains from above
Can't even play a game after this update SMH.... RIP servers
Apex legends there’s a bag
Who updating rn? 😃
less than 1 hour remains! lets gooo
Where’s titanfall 3?
If apex was like cartoon it would have more people playing
So... SHE GETS A JETPACK, ROCKET PODS AND A PRESUMABLY ONE SHOT BOW. BOI
TODAYS THE DAY
Me when my mom gets back home and I forgot to fold the laundry 1:24
Im still stuck in s8 ,how
SEASON 9 YAYYYYYYYYYYYY
I love how Valkyrie is wearing the Viper helmet and her nickname is Little Viper
The games have nothing better days until now
I like the fact that Apex is getting better by every season (tho season 6 was trash) and Fortnite is getting worser :DD. Just facts not game wars
Wait today’s may the 4th so it’s update day.      But I have school work to do first 😭😭
Is it just me or is caustic now instead of mirage the one that dies every time?
Pretty good but u guys must make the arrows of the bow a little bit easy to find
0:35 "Justice rains from above!" .. lul
Anybody else notice how pathfinder sounds different? And respawn love the new look to the trailer
Is season 9 out?
No one can beat the most legendary group which is mirage wraith and pathfinder
Wow she said it
Who’s here played TF? Because that’s where she’s from 😂 North Star what?!
Wraith has the load out of every sweat in recent memory r-99 and wingman.
1:44 Lobas sick teleport bracelet
Amazing trailer
R.I.P octane :(
Good sound, good image guys ;)
Apex predators? Cooper just had one invitation to the OLD games lying around. You never know, suddenly its expiration date has not yet expired?
"Go beyond the battle royale"? Have they decided to gradually turn Apex into a new Titanfall installment? This is encouraging.
we all know now that coopers in trouble as hes got blisk and ash to deal with
I N T H E P I P E
My cat at 3 A.M be like 0:54
Why do they always use white rappers in the trailers
apex has eva from titanfall 2 and a legend that looks like viper from the same game apex legends haves titanfall lore .____.
looks like viper from titanfall 2
Just me, or does pathy sound different?
it's funny because you can stem through a Watson fence
0:21←問題のシーン
Its beautifulllllllll❤️
I love the game but it keeps making me have 30 packet lost for no reason and just kicks me off
I have chills
Why does Valkyrie look different then the Outlands video? And I can't wait till season 9 comes out. And I think that was Meggie at the end of the video!?
キャプテンファルコンかな？
Another lame barbie doll character
This was so quick and good
Weren’t octane and Watson allies
When path says he loves who came up with the new game he really means it....
Mirage tho xD
Wait, how come Valk can shoot while in mid air
DUDE THE NARRARATOR IS ASH FROM TITAN FALL2
A nessie 1:31 in the pool
sir i have a request.i missed out on a season and missed the season 4 flatline skin...the bp skins are class apart from the normal event skins as they are reactive,not to mention that the bp flatline skin is the best one ever for the flatline....or even for the people who would want other bps skins which they missed out for whatever reason... can we request them sir...will u help me sir?...it will be great for the community as well sir
1:46  Wraith: This doesn't look good  Mirage: omfg SHE HAS A STICK SOMEONE HELP ME !!!
No helmet for valk :(
i’m guessing ash is going to be next season?
Sorry, did Ash just control Revenant?
Pay respects for octane
can u pls dont miss with octane and mirage
I want to see some jack cooper
1:13 it isn't an Apex trailer without a Wraith/Mirage scuffle.
NOOO OCTANE RIP? 😟🥺😭😭 0:47
Caustic: really?
i'm really surprised how they changed their animation style again, not a bad thing, this animation is great. i assume most of the other animations done with previous seasonal trailers were (partially) mocapped, which made the movement have a realistic weight and feel. which feels a bit lacking in this new style, but this new style has a lot of squish and stretch, which makes the movement feel cartoony, but i think that's a strength for this kind of animation. the new models look a lot closer to the in-game ones, though with the lack of some realism but that's not a bad thing, less visible details let's you focus on the action. with this new style addition, apex has five distinct animation styles, the original, 3D realistic & detailed one (all seasonal trailers 1-8), their purely 3D character animation one (wraith & bloodhound animations), their 2D animation with 3D environments and assets (rampart & crypto animations), their 3D animation with comic-like details and outlines for models (horizon animation) and this new one. and not to even mention the paintings for horizon's and fuse's animations. and the in-game animations. honestly love how much effort and personality respawn studios are willing to give out, even when it's not """necessary"""", gj gj
Does anyone know if mirage is gay or not genuine question I think he is bisexul
Valkyries kind of cringy. Doesn't have the same charm as Viper in the slightest
Cooper be like: Watch me do it again.
guys. seriously.. fix the server lag first..
01:13 BOSS ARRIVED
I'm in the pipe Five by Five
2:07 and 2:16 Look at Horizon and wraith faces XD
❤️❤️
Can Caustic be the focus of one trailer and LIVE for a change?
The dislikes from the fortnite kids
OP
Eita
I want so many Viper references in all honesty. It would be hype. Honestly even though Viper is the hardest he's the best Apex predator boss.
woah apex dr hayden
Bro can’t wait to use her WAIT HOLD IN DOESNT SHE CONE OUT LIKE TMR OR SOMETHING YESSS
I want a skin with valkyire wearing vipers helmet
Next thing you know the next hero fires a giant beam from their chest
Hi ash
Poor Jack Cooper
Wattson season 2:friendly  Wattson now:(achievement unlocked) no friendly description:betray your friend octane
Titanfall 2 reference is that vipers mask and ash is still alive ?!?!?!?
I’m in a pipe 5 by 5 viper reference
Fun Fact: Doing your finisher actually gives you your shield back! If you don’t believe me, see for yourselves!
Ash controlling the Arena TF|2 players: *flashback to Into the Abyss mission*
1:51 me too pathfinder me too
바이퍼??????
"C'est la vie" Enfin du fr
Anyone noticed that Bangalore was shooting with G7Scout like it was an smg? 0:21
Epic... Got goosebumps already!!! 🤩🤯
I would pay money to watch an apex animated series
Could’ve sworn I squished ash into tiny pieces in TF|2 but ok
Valkyrie's rockets in the trailer: obliterates an entire squad  Valkyrie's rockets in game: 35 damage
Halo just entered the game
Valkaraies Got u in the pipe five by five Vipers got u in the pipe five by five  Like father like daughter
Why does octane always get bullied
Patrick: how ya doin  Mirage: 1:23
HYPE
At 2:47, dosen't that lady look almost like Valkyrie
Hello stranger .. I hope you´re having a good day.. If you´re a creator I wish you all the best. Know that the way to the top is full of pitfalls, but i´m sure you´re going to get over all of them.. Make SURE you Have a GREAT day because you are AWESOME :)
Just remember EA n=you still need to make a TITANFALL 3
Ash saying welcome to the arenas givin me shadow mind vibes
Bangalore G7 gives me anxiety.
I get the 5 by 5 references its from aliens
yoooo the fact that valkrie flipped fuses "tell the devil whos sent you" line on him is actually amazing!!!
2:47 she reminds me of ash
Your legacy lives viper....
Miraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaage!!!!!!!!!
Pharah is that you?!
nice video bro
We want Titanfall 3.
Daam broo this game is underrated
hmmmm..is that Pharah? XD
Ash is back !!!!
Bout to upload a "Animator reacts" to this, this is dopeee!
オクタンが壁ジャンしてんのが好感度高い
BRO WHY IS THIS SO SMOOTH ANIMATION ALL OF THE SUDDEN
ASH IS BACK, BOY!
Is it me more does pathfinder sound different
next up: Slone's son joins the games callsign: *lazarbeam*
Legends never die !!
This is going to be great  Big turn for all type of players I love what they are doing
I really hope that jack cooper comes in as a legend at some point because it is basically perfect for him to return in apex
umm that line didn't viper used to say that
0:12 Really not a fan of that paintjob. Viper would be rolling in his grave for the serious bastardization of his poor helmet.
when that robot chick coming lol
0:12 My dream come true
Cooper as a champion? Yes that's what will make me play this game again
şu sıktıgım grafiklerini az düşürün oyunu oynamak için ekranın yarısını kullanmak zourunda kalıyoruz
When someone enters my room when im looking at loba 0_0 1:23
Ayo is Watson racist every trailer she’s kills octane?
Plot Twist: Mirage is a hologram and he is really Ash
Wait it’s Rhys from titan fall
They should do stuff like this that crosses over with for example Titanfall 2
Yo why octane always dying in these trailers
STOP KILLING OCTANE IN EVERY TRAILER.
why isnt there a skin where she's wearing the helmet (pretty sure its viper's helmet ive never played titanfall)
wraith gives me chills
I love loba
Ash 😳
Jack cooper : what viper has a doughter leme just [calls titan]
The scene of octane running lol
Lets just hope peacekeeper get back on the ground
"I own the sky"   "heh just like your father" *burning northstar titan crashing a mountain noises*
Mans really said equal rights equal fights 2:06
ITS VERY FUNNY
T I t a n f a l l 2
You guys have been trying to ruin the game since season 4, now you add ANOTHER unnecesary character, also adding jet packs? (She looks just like watson anyways) There's a reason ppl played apex over fortnite and warzone but nah you've finally ruined my game I'm done, nobody wants any of that ga* shehit.. say goodbye to the creator of crouch spam and movement.
15 minutes for matchmaking zzzzzzz
With these animations, it would be the best to put an Apex tv series on Netflix.😍
Plese update
I love it so much:)
اومقققققققق 😐🔥🔥🔥🔥
holy F***
how she still alive
Trek??? Please
Cest phara la meuf
How do you guys always pick the right trailer music? 10/10
i just realised fuse insta downed bloodhound with his cluster buff maybe ;)
g7射速0.0
2:33 I just realized this is vipers line
anyone else got goosebumps?
Yay another cocky, overconfident and immature champion... im sensing a pattern here
Who ever 5inks that Fortnite should ban apex for the bow and arrow you wrong cuz apex actually had it first
Let go I can’t wait apex season 9 is nearly out boi
Did octane walljump?
Yo Valkyrie says Viper's voiceline, "Im in the pipe, five by five"
Imagine a buff for crypto that had his drone hover above him for like a passive or a timer that just pointed out stuff for him so he can fight
The animation for fuse was very nice and smooth
for titanfall player thats a good surprise
सुपर ❤️❤️
Best new season ever
When Valkyrie does her finisher on you. "My Name is Valkyrie. You killed my father. Prepare to die!'
Not investing on nepal
I think at of all the legends caustics the one keeps on dieing
*I CAN'T WAAAAITE*  😁
I OWN THE SKYYYYY
1:40 wraith just looks done with everything
Viper Vibes
Still want titanfall 3 tbh
Ash is coming
2:34
You Already know I'm bout to be streaming this
Yo Titanfall vets, lets have some fun! :D
i am hyped
Wow
El peor juego
0:17 fuse looks like he didnt have sleep for a week.
Whens the battle pass trailer
She must be new favorite to watch in my game
will we still have audio problems or random errors ??  as many seasons go and still do not fix the large number of problems.
Yaaa
Revenant needs to get his girl 😱
Did anyone already got the secret badge
I'm trash at aiming at this game anyways. Second character that can essentially fly? I'm good. Time to retire.
Pathfinder aint no simp
That’s cheating 😭😂💯
OCTANE NOOOOOOO
2:17 fuse only has thirty four kills and is level 71
Press like to tribute to octane for dying in every trailer
So....I see ure here again...how many times have u rewatched this already?
Gibby has a spitfire every trailer
Viper was never here
Fun fact:  this is not your first time watching this.
ахуеть
This valkyrie girl is too cocky for me ngl
So she’s just pharah from overwatch?          *I know I spelt it wrong*
Wow. This trailer tells me nothing.
Great ash is alive and viper has a daughter I'm not safe anymore.
Fuze could’ve just flinged an arcstar at her
Like how in the description they didn’t say play now on switch
ill think about playing again. KEYWORD!!! think
I feel so excited and happy every time a trailer like thing comes out until I realize this isn't titanfall... its Apex
Im so confused with her abilities i thout she woud have the abilty to fly for like 10-20 seconeds but it looks like that isnt the case
How is ash still alive, I put a fist through her head.
Just realized Octane was running from a Rampart, Horizon, Wattson comp....ew.
0:47 - 1:04 me playing octane
But i do not want do
My brother made me by mirage
Me trying to get into a br game in season 9 Day #1 Day #3 Day #7 Season 12 Chapter 2 *kicked for inactivity*
bring back double tap tirgger
this is like the first time rev hasn't been killed in one of these.
Hey devs why don't I have a heirloom yet .... Bleh I might as well be a sad apex uploader... Just to get exclusive content.
Bro I’m going to be mad if the new legend is not wearing vipers hemet
Pls Solo and Duo
Very cool, any chance of a titan mode one of these days??
Voodo 1 on standby  The skys belong to me pilot no where to run no where to hide
like
Apex legend run in media tek g 80
2:16 ash??!
So the new Character is called Pharah?
Mirage, useless as usual
Why is it each trailer they release blood hound is always the one going down and getting slaughtered 😭😭😭
I gotta say I just want a pilot legend just so I and many others can use their Titan fall skills to just dominate haha. Like come on rescan even just wall running and double jump is enough for us to be happy
7 million views? This game really have that many players or are you all watching this 3 times?
2:02 to 2:08 i like how crypto kills horazin with his drone
Valkyrie is it...The new Legend....
HOW TF IS ASH STILL ALIVE. I CRUSHED HER ENTIRE BODY INTO EXTRA PULP ORANGE JUICE
Valkyrie: shoots Kubel Blisk's shot glass also Valkyrie: shoots Fuse's energy drink I'm seeing a pattern here...
Hm. I got a notification that a new video was posted a couple of seconds ago, but it brought me to this.
Trailer - Valkyrie OP rockets and fast movement Ingame - "How to fly?"
Season 9 more like a season titanfall reference
Mirage still got that dumb running animation in the trailer huh... I love it.
I’ve watched this like 17 times already since it came out
En conclusión me presentan a mí nueva novia ya no es loba
Is there still hope for Titanfall 3...
Крипто напоминает
As a northstar main on tf2 I approve of this legend
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh 🔥
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
02:36 hey that lion word from dota 2
new charcter?
lesss goooo
THIS BETTER BE ONLY A FLOP ON THIS TRAILER
GIBRALTAR'S FACE WHEN FIRING THE DEVOTION IS LITERALLY A THING OF NIGHTMARES
WHY WOULD YOU CHANGE PATHFINDER'S VOICE EA
PATHFINDER'S VOICE BETTER NOT BE A PERMANENT CHANGE
Even octane call run across the whole map in the trailer
VIPERS GOT YOU 5 BY 5
Oh thank god cypher didn't die in this trailer
Ok but Where solo mode
0:34 *justice rains from above*
Anyone knows the name of the song?
Haven't played this game in a loooong time, and y'all in season 8 I might get back in
path sounds different
0:21 full auto G7 scout
00:43 is this illspooky?
YOOOO
I'm not to happy that this game just added a jet pack legend. Every game i've enjoyed and they added jetpacks it ruined for me. Such as Halo(though 343 buried that game ages ago). Personal opinion of course. Arena mode is a nice add on though. Hopefully they make a Skulltown arena.
" Mirgage really, again ? " << throwback to first trailer when Wraith saves Mirage from caustic xD
Your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me, no where to run, no where to hide.
anyone else realize that she said quotes from Titanfall 2 viper
this is dope . 🔥🔥
There's Viper's voice from valorant. wow
You Mind As Well Make A Whole Movie Of This Game, With All Legends Like A Avengers But Apex Instead, Because Its Too Good👁 SLATT🐍
I don't even play apex, its just viper has A DAGUTHER?
i am going to buy that when it comes out
Pharah
People still play this ?
I’m quitting WoW arenas to play Apex Arenas
Valk reminds me of viper from Titan fall 2
2:18 HACKER FUSE SPOTTED
I feel bad for bloodhound in this trailer...
i just want Cooper to be a playable Legend and i'll be back in the game
please tell me octane gets a buff this season
1:45 my man path ain't no simp
Imagine living in a place where you have winter 6 months per year and then having to grind another kind of winter. fml
Is this mobile??
People still play this game ?
I want play now.
What different legends have as legs Octane: springs Pathfinder: Octane's legs (halloween costume) Ash: *Sickle*
They are so creative with these
I think I saw Pharah from overwatch
Mirage excuse for literally everything: so what I'm a legend
I GONA PLAY NOOOOOOOOOOW
جامد
!DELETE APEX LEGENDS MOBILE!
New legend personally I prefer the air
Player 1 : pick valkyrie  Player 2: disconnect Player 3: disconnect
2:13 OOOOOOOH
Caustic got clocked by wraith twice
They should just make an Apex movie or tv series. I would watch!
Isint north star just phara from overwatch?
0:50 How octane mains feel when our running a whole team
Ля она милая
2:07 did it hurt dalin
May 4th is my birthday
ash and a Northstar pilot  like yes just like the good old days of ttf2
2:38
Is that Kay from reach
Need to make this a film
Yo are they adding zombies to the game 😅
애쉬가 거기서 왜 나와?
oh  apex nice
The fact that mirage has done that before is amazing
Ash best titenfall boss
オクタンって負けキャラになったよね
this is boss From Titanfall 2- viper
Bhai me bhi raat me live krta huu 10 baje custom rooms please support ❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏
ash..........
Find out if im a predator or prey?      Probably prey
Thot slayer 1:49
Finally! Thank you Crypto, so tired of those fricking OP Horizon mains 2:05
Did no one see how they timed the lyric "I see the end coming," with Pathfinder kicking Loba 1:47 pure art
Caustic was bamboozled, he didn't know which one was him 1:13
Hyuaae0dz/
Ash seems different and did Valkryie just use vipers line
Launch it soon love from India f*ck PubgM
season 9
Only if crypto really could move like that, that'd be a game changer 🤣
I'm new, Valk will be the first legend I'm going to buy 😌👌
Your journey ends here pilot, the sky belongs to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide!
Is it me or does caustic get a bit bullied in these trailers?
ASH ASH ASH ASH ASH   Guys did you see there is ash
Neato how valks lines are based off vipers
GAK ADA OBAAAT MAKIN GG APEX LEGEND
Valkyrie: *Released* Rule 34 Artist: *Speed is life*
Apex copied the new characters dialogue from dota 2
tiltle of the bckground music please :<<<
I cant whait to fortnite kids be like:tHeY sToLe BoWs FrOm fOrTniTe!
My face when she said "got you in the pipe five by five"  100% joy.
Black people music 👍🏾
Please play the avengers theme over the part of pathfinder kicking loba
1:50 i want to see the cheek imprints XD
Nice
Valkirie move set is almost just like Phara from overwatch for some reason.
wraith, mirage and pathfinder - the original squad
Wraith,Mirage,and Pathfinder are the best team
I really hope we get something major andreson related. Like his son or brother something like that. Would honestly be great to have a semi pilot ( unofficial trained pilot not as good as Anderson tho) to be in the games
Can it run in sna. 439 with 4gb ram
Northstar was my favorite titan to play
Did u see lobas bracelet worked 😮😂😂
Would be really cool if they make a Apex movie with this stile of drawing
Va estar buenardo la temporada 9 uwu
I bet know one is going to talks about how they add a bow after fortnite but if fortnite did it everyone would say another thing fortnite copy.
One of Valkyrie’s lines at some point better be: “The skies belong to me” That’s so awesome, Viper is such a cool character so to see his daughter is awesome
I feel like apex hates octanexwattson. Everytime you see wattson she's killing octane
Apexe legends mobile ! 💝
When you get the legacy. Continue. Badge in apex lol
The amount of titanfall references is unreal
Show caustic some love ❤️
I HAVE A COOL FUSE BUFF: let fuze be able to chose the shape of his ult a circle is cool but image a square or rectangle or triangle. you could get people hiding behind rocks a lot easier. shape options: Circle, Square, Triangle, Rhombus, & octagon?
2:18 It said that fuse had 34 kills dang thats a lot
ApeZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
can we plz get an animated apex legends series PLZ these trailers r soo good
Estaría chido que le metieran acrobacias a octane
my tip creaming rn
2:05 crypto woke up chris breezy
This trailer is so fake    Loba’s ability worked
Okay looks cool and all but, is there gonna be any mirage and wraith interactions ?
Gibby is the nicest guy in the game but is it just me or does he always look so ominous in the trailers 😭
where is the update
Dude why caustic is always a joke in all trailers 😥
I hope valk an outfit with Viper's helmet
Valkyrie saying the line from the Viper boss in titan fall
Give me a Titanfall 3 now
My favorite part was octanes 20 seconds on this amazing !!!   Edit valk is gonna get nerved like there’s no tomorrow
I wish Revenant wasn’t so underrated,he is my main in the game and he only appeared a single time in the trailer compared to other characters.Same for loba
00:59 wall running?
Mmmm so pharah
patfinder machista
patfinder machista
Please make an Netflix animated series
0:44 Gibraltar abuse
I saw this on my Xbox and I rewatched it and I WAS SO EXITED!
Ia m very excit
Okay, Okay I've stopped playing this game, i guess it's time to get back to Work
Hey...I don't play this game anymore, but as somebody, who finished Titanfall 2 on master difficulty 2 times I must say........0:35 kinda Viper but female don't you think? Even the voicelines sounds like him, but it's not him.
The only thing I want to hear is "WARNING! WARNING! Enemy TitanFall Detected" and that's it.
Apex’s trailer: *exist* Caustic: *My time has come*
Dang 8 went by so fastttttttttttt welp it’s 9 now so-
1:23 me when my brother what in on my doing you know
Finally they made revenant look intimidating. Thank you Apex
RESPAWN dont get me wrong its nice to see a new season ofcourse but you REALLY NEED TO FIX THE FOOTSTEPS/Audio in your game, its so annoying ngl, we need better footsteps, you need to lower the weapon sound, separate the footsteps sound to the weapons sound (If you are in a fight you cant hear any footsteps), make another option in the game settings for that, I honestly want a better audio/footsteps than a new season
When you realize that the season releases on may the 4th be with you
I’m in the pipe 5 by 5
Oh my god it's pharah overwatch
One of my fav trailers
Hmm so the city Ash was building in Titanfall 2 was the Arena ?
This is exactly why I deleted Apex legends because it keeps getting crazier and crazier! I just can’t take it anymore
Is this a new season? It says in the playlists options this playlist is just called Legacy, it’s not even called a season? What’s goin on?
Man you guys just love pulling stuff from titanfall 2 to put into your br. Please Just make titanfall 3
Now, Player 1: Valkyrie Player 2: DISCONNECTED Player 3: DISCONNECTED
FIREEEE
Viper's daughter is here
CRA IDDO 2:46
I don't play this game, i accidentally clicked and I was like wow so cool
I am just fukin waiting for this game to come to mobile
Top 10 images that will make you have a new phobia 0:52  if you didnt understand     There is no scope does that mean its ground?!
1:11 Can Octane just "not die"
2:24 definitely my favorite part
Valkyrie vipers daughter?????????
We all know that this: 0:12 was a tribute to us titanfall fans
That doesn’t seem legal
Bring solos or duos!!!!  Cant handle anymore with my teammates 😆
No backstory, just ego.
1:52 wraith and mirage are like wHaT tHe FeEeEk
what
Just WOW ❤️
fortnite kidos disliking video
Apex legends Good
Let's hope that they dont use their old way of balancing
Ash what
シーラクソエイムだしウイングマン振り向いて打つ余裕するあるのおもろい
Imagine if Apex Legends was made into a movie? How cool would it be
I mean I feel like the player base is still dead tho...
Notice how the wraith had r9 wing man load out 😂
I love that how each trailer is going better n better every new season
Im hyped
Where season
want to beat that fresh face
I liked the other trailers (1-8) more...
Where is the Update?! Im waiting like hours
Hi I'm SpartanMandalore I love your game...your game is way better than fortnite
You guys need to put some solos couse I'm tired of the teamates I get
shash interferences
popopopopopopopop
apex ur insane ur better thatn fortnite thats for sure keep the hard work up also i would like to know the voice actor for this legend and i cant wait for this season
ASH FROM TITANFALL 2!??!??!
There is no season 9
It was amazing and funny
😍😍😍🤩🤩
lobaaaaaaa
I'm sorry, but Path's voice at 1:51 does not sound like the original voice actor at all.
Pathfinder got a new GirlFriend!
Why they do my boy caustic like that? Also im excited for the new legend
I miss the old apex
Did Fuse just shot his Ult out of his Nuckle-Cluster?
My love for Viper can now be expressed through Valkyrie
This game trailers keeps on getting better and better I havent played titanfall 1 and 2 but because this game I'm going to check them out.
Как всегда параша)
iv wached this like 6,335,508 tims
2:11 Is ash controlling revenant?
and people say apex is dead like what?
0:12 valkyrie? from starcraft?
PLASTIC SURGERY?????
1:51 Looks like the gangs back together
Apex! We need more caustic events
As a titanfall 2 player who mainly used the apex predator faction in multiplayer I can confirm this is epic
When is mobile coming out please
Wow a can finally play as a human northstar (titan)
When will mobile apex legends will come
poor octane, constantly humiliated (
Maybe Unban my character first before launching another season. Banning legit players and leaving a lot of hackers on the game pffft.
Epic
These are the humans titans
0:44 if that's her finisher... that would be cool, maybe her finisher would recharge his flight skill or something
Bro pathy just decked loba there.
Valkyrie: Its over gibi I have the High ground Gibi:Fu**
am i the only one who thinks that Fuse in this trailer looked like lazarbeam
Octane always make the trailers so hyped
да всем похуй, в варзе новая карта и сезон, так что видео не актуально
Basicly Kai'sa Q from League of Legends
Season 3 had 14m views deadgame
new character in season 9 will be very difficult
They 100% need to add cooper after ash duuude
"Speed is life"
オクタンのキャラコン上手すぎたww
It is too cool
i can see an animation difference from the other trailers, i honestly love this new style
Where is New saison!
Anybody notice the artstyle shift? It's subtle but there is a noticeable difference
when is there an update for ps5?
I love how jngjbnnn n jnbkrgnibngnrjkbgrkjbjnk kgrj kn. Jk grkj. G works, right?
Hey pharah
Yes
Where is apex Mobile
Wait wait wait : Is Bangalore firing her G7 scout in *FULL AUTO* at 0:20 ???????
Why is nobody talking about the Wattson electrical trap is invisible at first and auto light up when enemy walk over it? If it's a buff, it's a long awaited buff.
Its funny how fortnite legit has not actual story and apex does and fortnite is more popular
Why is fuse op in the trailer and the g7
Today is the day
Bro who put pharah into apex legends
After all, Apex is not like an overwatch at all meanwhile pharah:
1:47 pathinder no simp
Anyone noticed this video isn't named season 9 launch trailer ... They are trying to make it look like a separate game
Legend death scene  Fuse, bangalore,giblarter deadth scene 0:35 Octane deadth scene 1:10 Caustic deadth scene 1:28 Loba deadth scene 1:49 Horizon deadth scene 2:07 Wrath deadth scene 2:12
1:50 pathfinder is not simp
The fck is this legend now? Iron man?
new map nice
Season 4 best ❌🧢
2:06 "oh no, Did that hurt darling"
I thought that when trailer is launch trailer it means that thing releses after the trailer or on the same day but thats not the case with apex
Wow another OP Legend.
The best thing is that they mention the song name🤘🏻
That Mirage is OP , main main and main. God
1:48 Loba dont know there is cooming path becouse she dont have zipline sound (as always in Apex) xD  lol,  Respawn joke about sound bug xD
Watch me now
ええやん
fortnite is looking real good for next season props to epic
When will Apex lagend mobile beta will release
Everyone is talking about vipers daughter but is nobody gonna point out that ash is in the trailer I thought we killed her
An another one cockold season
Lame
0:34 *Justice rains from above!*
im getting flash backs viper from titan fall 2  because of this character
Pathfinder: I love whoever came up with this new game  ooof Path you did
2:43 yo is that ash from TF|2
Bloodhound (2:11) and Wraith (2:15) be pretending like there's fall damage💀😳🤣
This animation of Apex looks amazing...cant wait for the new update !
zylbrad
LET GOOOOOOOOO ASH FROM TITANFALL 2 NOW IN APEX!
why does pathfinder at 1:51 sound like the Pokedex off of pokemon?
I like this trailer
wahahahaha crypto's heirloom is his drone "hack" ohhh not a bad idea.
Too slow amigos!!
Finally gave my boy crypto a chance.  He's always being finished 😭
G7連射できてるこれG7連射来る
Why do they always use white rappers for these trailers I have a feeling apex is more biased towards white people they also try to pretend that they care about blm or Asian hate when in reality they don't gaf there just trying to maintain there image by pretending so support any racial issue and second of all most of the apex community is corny af we need more funny content creators in the apex community  One more thing apex FIX DDOSING
that's what wattson needs invis electricity fence until enemy triggers it.
I wish I could play dis in my potato PC......
Me:telling bloodhound on my team not to push Bloodhound on my team 0:15
poor octane again falls to the hands of Wattson
Northstar ?
please tell that there will be a titanfall 2 dome referance somewhere
Que clase de destiny es esto?
id play if i didnt get banned for absolutely no reason
It would be sick if apex’s art style was actually like this
INVALID TOKEN MARKER ERROR
is it just me or is wraith looks like she's not getting enough sleep
Had no idea that Ash is the simulacrum of Ashley Reid, who betrayed Horizon. This is insane. What a setup for Titanfall 3! Now we just someone who's connected to Richter and Slone! Idc about Kane.
As soon as I heard “five by five” I instantly got flashbacks to fighting viper on master difficulty.
0:21 banglore shooting an automatic scout?
Maybe season 9 is all the friends we made along the way
Did anyone else notice the loba buff? She threw her bracelet and instantly teleported and had a gun in her hand right away unlike the 5 seconds it usually takes
Wait wait wait wait wait, Did they just show Ash? Straight up? Vipers daughter AND Ash?
Wat dis mobile
ASH ASH ASH ASH
Waiting for apex legends mobile
This is racist
wraith need sleep
Ash Viper this is bringing back so many Titanfall 2 vibes
日本の人いるかぁー？
its ash
Ayo where tf is my Uber taking me bro?
So this new legend is probably going to curb stomp the meta harder the horizon
But does it go exclusive fullscreen?
why does octane always die first?
That’s ash from Titanfall, and the new legend is using titan equipment
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA THE OG TRIO IS BACK <3
Woooo
Is valkyrie op
THEY FLY NOW?
If you look at the computers at the beginning of the trailer it shows a hologram of Valk’s suit and a hologram of something called “Weapon: Wally”
I don't keep up with apex lore that much so it might a coincidence but I think that is ash from titian fall 2 in the very end of the trailer
1:43 usually this could would take 10 tries
Is Mirage dropping an album soon?
Valkyrie’s got you in the pipe, five by five
Pls tell me her super is a titan
Wow two legends?
Should have just added viper
It feels so weird seeing the legends in their default skins  I’m so used to seeing them in the legendary skins
Why Octane have to die in the brutalist way in the trailers
YO SHE SAID SHES IN THE PIPE FIVE BY FIVE. THAT'S VIPERS LINE
Why do all the Legends die but come back again
Nef spatfire
I love how Pathfinder just dropkicks Loba like a True advocate of Gender Equality
worst servers ever...ranked matches have dropped 4/5 games tonight
I've watched the trailer like 10 times already
Song?
Wraith has bags under her eyes, she's tired of being nerfed
僕らが望んだタイタンフォール
Im Ready for tomorrow
peacekeeper back?????????????
Is that Ash?
I feel as though the models have been simplified in the animations
Anyone notice fuse tac there it’s ganna be powerfulll
1:09 was meant for the octane mains whos always thinking they can 1v3 a squad by there selfs.
aye yo did someone spot Nessie?  edit: I spotted Nessie at 1:33 swimming with Mirage :D
Tomorrow
The best season
WHAT HAPPENED TO PATHS VOICE
Does anyone else think Valk sounds like Missy from Young Sheldon? 😂😂😂
Did she just reference my boy *VIPER?* Also, last time I saw Ash was as a smudge in BT's fist.
Is it just for me that some. Comments were posted 4 days ago but the video was posted 3 days ago?
I hope they have a day cycle
Lol mirage XD
Titanfall fans: *sad that titanfall 3 hasn't come out yet* This trailer: "Come, this is no place to die!"
wait why valkyrie looks differently xD
That was fukin dope
I realized that Wraith, Mirage and Pathfinder were the team in the launch trailer. And in this legacy trailer, they are back together
1:15 best part
How did they do league of legends trailers with a side of cringe?
Did bangelore shoot with double tap in the begin on bloodhound, because she had a g7
Can you start making every Apex legends a girl we need more boys and there’s been like to get two girls And what now we’re going to have a third girl we need to guys
Ash in control  Welp the picked the right person.
Встречайте, Каустик , он же Костик,  в роли пушечного мяса. Он даже в тизере не использует способности, тем самым говоря, что они теперь будут бесполезны совсем. 1:12
I am not used to this animation
apex with valorant style
"I'm in the pipe 5 by 5"
Why my boy octane get so much disrespect
Is that ash from Titanfall 2
why is it laggy
im addicted to apex...
SO NOBODY IS GONNA TALK ABOUT HOW THE G7 WAS AUTOMATIC?????
0:14 aloh akhbar?
there has been a recurrent theme with new legends that bothers me, maybe because i dont like character like that too much, but characters like loba, rampart and now valkyrie is that they are way too cocky and sassy wich is something that i hate and is has been sinse the moment they appear in the games, characters like horizon and fuse were the exception to this but is till happening
Pathfinder LITERALLY loves the person who made the new game mode ...ash??????
pathfinder dropkicking loba at 1:49 just too good
so coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
i just noticed....this could be the first trailer where our boy mirage doesn't die
i love octane
Please what's the date at end ???? It the arrival of saison 9 ?? But it's not for 04/05/21 ??? Pleease help meeee
Can respawn  make a story mode
Ash ... but but .. I crushed you with BT
She should just of said the skies belong to me nowhere to run nowhere to hide
2:09 aimbot
ITS ASH
Octane is using titanfall 2 movement,         Holy muffin
I think that this animation is horrible.😟
So I finally played Titanfall 2 and I have a newfound appreciation for Apex now. Sweet.
Time to end Viper's bloodline
A Chinese Phara from over watch with a bow?
Valk's got you in a pipe. 5 by 5 XD
These trailers keep surprising me every time!! Can't wait for Season 9 !!
They can make a new season but not fix the servers or ban these hackers
Letsss gooooo
O Apex é uma bosta, meu jogo n entra já faz semanas só fica dando token invalid no maker
I taught that octane is going to stay alive in a trailer first time for a while, but life was cruel for him again
So let me get this straight, the current legends in the game are the new players, the old apex players were the ones in titan fall 1 and 2. Now Ash, one of the old apex players is here to redeem the Apex Predator's story. And to make the games shine once more.
She really fuckn said the 5 by 5 line omfg im in love
Petition for an Apex Legends show.
mack a heirloom refund smite you have 1 key
Wait for May 4th
STORE BRAND VIPER LETS GOOO
VIPERS GOT YOU IN THE PIPES 5 BY 5
Valk just says things cringe that viper made sound cool
Can't wait to laser valk with a charge rifle
WHAT HAPPENED TO PATHFINDERS VOICE???
Yay, i love Phara
Imagine cheaters use Valk with speedcheat.
At 0:20 ist that a G7 buff or what is THAT? how is it shooting so fast?
WHERE TF IS AJAY CHE!!!!
HAHAHA i LOVE U MIRAGE
ahh yes I'd love to play pharah in apex what can possibly go wrong?
nicee
💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥
Why is no one talking about valkyrie's entrance ?
Never in my life have I been so happy seeing Ash and a little bit of Northstar on Valk. Now I kinda feel bad for killing Viper
I just realized Watson turned her fence on and off with octane.
makes Titanfall 2 seem better second by second :)
The funny thing is that in the season 2 launch trailer Watson saves octane, but in this trailer, Watson kills octane
Why do I get the feeling caustic will be even worse this season now that there’s another air based legend. 😔
how are battle royales still fun? drop. get a few kills. die. repeat.
Its the map is Kings Cañon o Word Edge?
really? watson do finish on octane  thats so dum
Valk is pharah from overwatch no original designs
she has a bow guys. give me the update. now.
Хайп прошел,никому апекс не нужен
Fuse, horizon, and... This. Apex is battle Royale or MOBA? News character have more impact than the olds.
Valkyrie is phara of overwatch but in apex
f for the mirage voyage
Is it just me or does fuze look younger
love that Mirage-Wraith-Caustic throwback moment
lol nobody talking about ash
Ok just seeing this makes me want to play titanfall 2 again
Okay but the beat sync at 0:59 was fire
arenas looking like it's going to be either TDM or elimination.
Actual fire.
Season 1: mirage is in trouble, wraith to the rescue, wraith and mirage in trouble: pathfinder to the rescue. Season 9: mirage is in trouble, wraith to the rescue, wraith and mirage in trouble: pathfinder to the rescue...again.
2:06 Thank you Crypto for destroying that creature.
Ash was talkin trailer was poppin and I’m excited for the new season
I can't believe they put pharah into apex
Waiting for the release on the Mac...
best trailer o.o
Wait does she have a pilot suit? So titans maybe?
Looking at the trailer it seems like you can be on the roof tops of all the buildings, which I hope is true
watch me noow xD, that's why i love apex
Apex wishes it was Paladins.
Caustic got punked.   :(
yo is that ash from titanfall2?
The end of third party is here.
VIPER’S VOICE LINES I CANT AAAAAAAAAA
More pilots please. I can’t wait to play as Valkyrie
ヴァルキリーが環境トップになることをまだ誰も知らなかった...
Can't wait to run wingman and bow  together.......
毎回凝ったトレーラー出してくれるよな本当
every trailer has so much swag
So its a flying legolas
lol
Words cannot express how incredibly hard I am
Trailer 🔥 Randoms *pain and suffering*
MEH... one big MEH.
she looks nothing like the in cinematic...
ayo that's ash
Finally a pilot and new titan fall 2 character
love how wraith has a wingman and r-99
"when the skyies call i fly and start to thrive"-viper
0:42 We all know what she should have said.
Why its lagging ? it hurts
💩
Cooper after learning ash is still alive and viper has a daughter: chuckles I’m in danger
i love this game so much and please fix about hacker people i hate them
MINI NORTHSTAR    MINI NORTHSTAR
Caustic's gas is so un-useable even in the trailer he didn't use his gas on mirage
AND SHE IS A NORTHSTAR
She has a pilot suit that’s so awesome and more like
I Love FUSE
Mirage is still the funniest legend
ホライゾン消せ
66u
Im  so happy their making this game more and more similar to titanfall 2
You guys like money? Did you notice how much you made this week in Titanfall 2? Add rewards in apex for achievements in Titanfall 1 and 2 and you will make even more money as people buy games that they may not have know were related.
Where's Apex mobile ?
was that ashe from titanfall 2
I like that all trailers have different art styles
楽しみだなぁ！
Apex❤️
i honestly think this may be the best animated apex trailer. i mean it
Everybody gangster until Respawn pulls a Yandere Dev and doesn’t give us a gameplay trailer for 6 years
Apex trending!!!!
Hearing Ash's cold voice has never made me feel so warm. Thank you for bring her back.
Ash!!!
Stop playing this game when it didn’t support next gen lol
Peacekeeper to the ground again !! yeah baby
this is simply awesome ... never been so excited for a future season ..
6 mil in 2 days wow this game has made tremendous progress I wonder if I made a video game how successful it would be
She's a stromtrooper i hope i can aim well with it
見た人のほとんどがいいね押してんなw(同類)
notice how horizon is using a pk without a scope 👀👀👀
Its Pharah from Overwatch.
NERF OCTANE!
Who is the robot in the hoodie controlling the computer?
やっぱバイパーの娘ですね 同じようなこといってる
早くチーターバンしてもらってもいいですか？
My Favorite trailer
Me when my mum comes back and I haven't done the dishes: 1:24
Yall see kermit with that apex pred badge
Valkyrie is just phara from overwatch
Bow? Really?
I just want titanfall 3
9 seasons in and sound is still broken💩
meow
Epic
Please get worlds edge back pls
So no one's gonna talk about ashe ?
Titanfall veterans, where are you (still annoyed that Valk scrapped a full NORTHSTAR TITAN for a jetpack) Also, Ash is fully operational again
1:00 DID HE JUST WALLRUN?????????       Titanfall content, then this?
I don't want season 9, I'm enjoying Lifeline with res shield
Finaly good thrailer
5 by 5 is this vipers daughter or something
Alex legend mobile !!!!!!
2:42 ash coming next season?
オーバーウォッチのファラかな？
ded game
Love mirage hes so up him self hahaha love it
Ахуеть она жыва аааааа
Okay! We gonna have ... No... We aint gonna have Titanfall 3 yet. I was thinking "Waita minute" Meet the northstar maybe... MAYBE SHE'S MAKING A TITA- Nope. It was suit all along. My vision was wrong.. Uhhh.. Maybe little bit Titanfall 3 Titan showcase or something could be really nice... Or... Sadly Titanfall... is possibly died for long time. Goodbye hopes for Titanfall 3...
Ban aldous marksman
i'm so excited for the no more cheat feature...oh
This needs to be a tv show anyone else agree?
hanzo and phara now come to apex
But also the apex games could be a way of decidedinf who gets to be the next apex predator
Dear respawn, please come back to titanfall. Pilots don't play this trash.
If there where only wall runs or wall jumps like octane did this would be the perfect game.
idc please just give me titanfall 3
???「よぉこっちは撃たれてる!」
Is double tap returning 0:23
me with gt 610 : oh :(
apex legends has its own pharah?!
Is Horizon using a selectfire havoc while she is shooting Octane???
Like father like daughter
Can we get this for mobile now?
어떻게 맨날 좆같이만 만들까
Valkyrie is just better Pharah
FIREPOWER
日本人集まれ‼️
Here we goooooo
Ewjuwj
1:29 In Japanese trailer, Wraith says “Mirage, just die!”(Shi ne!)
Мне еще никто не дарил таких подарков на день рождения
また飛ぶの…
is that a female viper?, waiting for all the memes about it
0:14 스타크래프트 1 발키리 대사
Octane has best part in here
I think I can watch Octane running in cinematics for hours lol
When is season 9
The more I watch these trailers, the more I feel titanfall 3 is coming closer.
They whitewashed her
Почините уже в конце концов игру
Lmaoi love mirage and wraith
Oh my God I can’t believe they put phara from overwatch in Apex
I feel so sorry for Octane, he dies in EVERY trailer 😂
Мурашки по коже
0:12 *SHE SAID THE LINE*
I WANT TITAN BOOO
Send that 30-30 repeater back to Salvo it's actual trash
Dear god if they make Ash playable in season 10...i know  they won't but like...imagine
REPENT and trust in jesus god loves you VIDEO GAMES IS NOT ETERNAL LIFE JESUS IS.
0:35 justice rains from above
Just looked like snow on kc. But. The snow could be worlds edge 🤔🤔
So basically Valkyrie is Kai'sa in L.O.L but much dope
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Apex Solo Modus and I'm in
I own the sky   Reminds me of Viper from TitanFall 2
Let's go
0:21  double tap returning?
yo apex i have a good feeling that your in the top 3
0:22 RIP Lifeline shield :'(
I keep coming back just to see octane
I loved the viper reference, but its just not the same....       still hoping for TitanFall 3, don't let us down
"A justiça vem de cima"
Where's apex for Mobile?
For god sake leave caustic alone. Almost every trailer.
ｳｪｲ✌('ω'✌ )
Is the areana mode staying permanent or for a limited time?
👑👑👑👑👑
She's viper daughter
Ash at the end of the trailer kind of sound like Lotus from Warframe.
I see that wraith, mirage and path are still on the same team since the kings canyon.
Valkirie: i own the skies!  Viper: it's "sky belongs to me" dear
Can we ever get a story from outland for OCTANE???
Noo?? They shouldn't change lifelines shield revive passive. That's what made her extremely better
I remember dying to this girls father like 20 times
hi everyone have a good day 😄
DYLAN.                  Apex. 🎬.     🖥👍👍😊
新武器『刀』くれ！
Justice rains from above
Wow, Loba and her parents really do have stuff in common.    They both get trashed on by robots.
mirage is always clumsy but u still hasnt seen him angry
O cool the new legend is phara from over watch
So she’s basically Pharah?
best free to play game ever gifted us👌
Didn't my best bro and I tear you to pieces Ashe?
Apex legends the game were you can’t see your character?🧛🏿‍♂️😹🙏
Mirage is the best
Pliot Zenith, Awaiting command
Pog
Oh, I love how we have come such a long way in animation from pre-season 1 to now
I’m loving these titanfall references man
Quality control option 1 Big mape 2 All devices support 3 No Chinese 4 Comfortable and secure game policy 5 Soft game layout or gameplay...
what is the music
Bruh I’ve been checking the apex channel all day cuz I thought the arena gameplay was coming out td, I feel so dumb😑
I got nothing against girls but does anyone else agree they have added a lot of girls?
Justice rains from abo.... oopsie
Wow :3
2:49 Dang, Ash doesn't look so good after what Cooper did to her
How did ash survive
When the new season coming out ?
Can a get a nerf in two days in the chat
When crypto hit horizon with the drone🤣🤣🤣
2:35 valkyrie doing her best Australian impression lol love it
ronin was the name of ash's titan in tf2
Just hoping we don't get Mad Maggie in Season 9
100% vipers daughter or grand Daughter We have viper and ash who's next?
I really hope they have a live event this season with titans
壁ジャン公式化すんのかな
頑張ったね、ご苦労様 でももうユーザーは残ってない
Pathfinder sounds different
So no one is gonna talk about the pk comin back?
Great another female character, this game blows
I want a Netflix series with this animation.
Un F en los comentarios por: Gibraltar Octane Loba Bloodhound Horizon
Apex mobile please
Looks like Fuse is getting a rework, good job Respawn!
This isn’t Fortnite mechs is it
Ah i remember the good times, 360 no scoping the new legends dad. I miss BT.
canttt waitttt....🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪
"Remember me?" "Really, Mirage? Again?"  Ooooh is it because Wraith also saved Mirage from Caustic back in the first cinematic trailers?
*1:48** Thot Eliminated*
Why does octane always die in these trailers
Oh my God is that Ash?
I just realized the og trio is in here
所以這是apex還是fornite
how it feels to chew five gum 1:16
Hopefully Season 9 is good because season 8 was a huge L
Olur gibi ama neyse oruçlıyum
Why didn't octane use his jump pad
I like how Gibraltar just gets roasted alive by valk's backblast from her jets. F for Gibraltar.
Nobody talking about how the bow is 100% confirmed now?
pharah?
Viper is from Titanfall 2 and his daughter in apex is awesome. Ash is back?? heck yeah
Caustic: exists Wraith: peace was never an option
HE DID NOT JUST DO MY MAIN LIKE THAT 2:15
pls nerf spitfire
ㅈ사기캐의 느낌이난다
Meh
Lol new character is from overwatch
This trailer confirms Wraith x Mirage. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think not.
This new legend might be the most annoying of all
1:28 cmon wraith! this is the second time you killed caustic! give him a break.  put  an f in the replys for caustic
I’m glad to see pathfinder not hesitating on that kick
Wow
0:13 is this a broodwar reference?
Viper from tf 2
So viper is alive???
Bruh so just pharah from overwatch
I just got this game today and now I want this
@!l
最初のトレーラーのチームが健在なの嬉しいなー(レイス、ミラージュ、パスファインダーの3人)
Kinda Cringe.
Where’s season 9?
2.4K dislikes from Cod and Free Fire fans 🤣
So basically, now instead of the apex games run by blisk we have the Arena run by ash? Oh, and we also got a new legend who reutilize her daddy's voice lines. I like it
Nobody gonna talk about the robot with cornrows
Pharaoh rip off
Respawn Entertainment: How many titanfall references would you like?   Me: YES
I love how no one mentioned how crypto straight up knocked horizon out wit his drone😂😂
i love this qoute "you're not the only one with fancy moves beautiful~"
Femens are everywhere
明日じゃねいか
Apex is killing the titanfall lore by stealing it and make it bad 😞 Honestly just look in 1 clip we got a fake wannabe Viper and a wish edition of Ash 😔 This is going no where
That's what's up Respawn Entertainment.
1:30 Mirage,  really? Again?
Well Ashe is a robot so it is not inconceivable that she could come back. Pretty cool I guess. Also none of Valkyrie's voicelines (That we have heard so far) are as awesome as Viper's
Офигенный трейлер ))
Could you Apex Legends Buff Wattson like in the Trailer ? it would be really funny to play wattson like this ❤🙏🏻
1:57 This is Ash from Titanfall 2?
Can't wait to use valk
Finally a trailer with no Kraber trickshots
i swear there’s like a new season every three weeks
I want this predator tracker LOL so badly..
Please bring back the old Launch Trailer Art Style. This is also good but it seems strange at some parts. Loba looks like she is made from plastic. Anyway, hope season 9 is as great as the other seasons.Keep up the good work!
Well we can see 2 titanfall characters: ash and i don't know why but there is a girl with Viper helmet
I’m j excited for the bow and arrow now🤤
Please add a valkyrie skin where she doesn't look like a boy thanks .
GET WORLDS EDGE BACK
The music for these trailers are fire
if octain going to have more healt reduction becouse of the stim... make him capable to run walls maybe?
Arenas???
Your father gave me ptsd, so I’ll take my anger on you.
I love how they still tie these games to Titanfall with Ash and stuff
Reminds me of Pharah. ☺️
Ash is back!!?? God I still have flashbacks of her Ronin titan
Me when i try to sing but it end like thise 1:14😭
My computer broke :( cant play
So... what's that bow going to do against a titan? Or is EA still milking the season passes and loot boxes out of this game?
Is this a new game or is this for the next season
octane still nr 1
That robot on Raynors ship in starcraft has really had enough of people not mining more minerals
I’m just glad Olympus is leaving the ranked rotation 😂
no gameplay trailer?
OMG.ᐟ.ᐟ
Lol anyone notice that the females always winnin the fights. 😂 tuff
They nerving mastiff in S8 because getting 2 pumped was way to easy and now they bring back an even stronger shotgun?
a bow and arrow?
Why does every launch trailer have to be better than the last 😭😭😭 this was goooooodddd
imma get back into this game, i was just getting bored of battle royale I love the genre but ive been playing battle royale since minecraft hunger games came out time for something new?
Please release apex legend mobile please 😔❣️
2 More female characters...stop it plz...
Не играю в эту игру, но как же pizdato сделан ролик!
ey where the white man at
0:10 Valkyries Ultimate  0:30 Valkyrie’s Passive 0:36 Valkyrie’s Tactical  0:42 Valkyrie’s Finisher
No 120fps for next gen?????
I’m confused someone please explain
To whomever is scrolling: sending you good vibes for the rest of the day or night. Thank you for reading!
Man this titanfall 3 looks interesting
It’s good to see apex finally bring titanfall into the the game as a reference to another character
🙌🙌🙌🙌all hale apex legends respawn just keep on delivering👏👏👏👏
Cool it's the robot lady from titanfall 2 but is't she dead  Also hoping we can get a titanfall 3 one day
Pharah?
Idkw but I think apex legends is gonna lead to titanfall 3
When pharah and hanzo become one
Woah....
It’s really sad that they don’t care about titanfall. Just depressing
Satisfied seeing that wraith die
*getting big pharah vibes*
Happy noises
whats this i dont get it
Random Octanes running into a full squad and getting immediately downed @ 1:00
the animation is so good but also looks kinda weird
FKIN GAME, FULL OF BOTS
"Focus. Fight. Win." or "Vinson Dynamics is grateful for your work" before dropping off the ship in TF2... The simpler times... Great to see Ash again Godspeed legends.
0:12
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh ASH⁉️
Apex back us mini shields you move mini shields
2:07
This is hype!
Блин графика такая что кажется что это на мобилу
Just realised in the trailer when Loba catches up to Wraith and Mirage with her ability she doesn't have the thing where she picks up her bracket so that could be a potential Loba buff where she doesn't get slowed and the animation isn't there after coming out of Jump Drive.
I got TF2 vibes at the end when she said tell the devil valkery sent you
0:40 she said the thing😩
Technically fox 3 is the incorrect term for dumb-fire rockets. She should've said rifle. C'mon Apex my immersion is ruined ;)
speed is life - viper
Im sorry but everything she says is so corny and wack
No no she bad robot ladies
Time to go play the Titanfall 2 campaign again so I can end bloodlines
Since when did the trailers get this good?!?
Are they bringing back world edge?
Le Monke see titanfall 2 content le monke happy
So basically Pharah
I think they should have called Valkyrie Northstar, I like that name better.
Can't believe the shield nerf for lifeline. =(
you should be asking WERE TITANFALL 3 IS I MISS BT...I’m sorry I just rilly want titanfall three I love bt
Fix Cheater Problem Please
Man i wish octane could run that fast
Another female character?
So cringey
I knew we were gonna get a bow and arrow eventually!!!!! I thought itd be in season 6 though
Someone wish for cross-progression.
Goosebumps
im so fvcking excited for this
0:34 PHARAH?
Guys please im begging you plss dont remove lifeline shield please
this is like a movie
New grenade? 🤔
j'ai grave hâte
Jadore
Still a disappointment
Did Watson get a buff ? Her electric fence look like it was spring loaded like a trap !
Pharah? :v so where is Ana ; -;
british rap be like
Is wraith saying "remember me" to caustic because of the season 1 trailer if thats what this was than thats epic.
Ash is basically the wish Version of Wraith. No wonder they wont release her
Please stop killing octane in the trailers
I don’t play Apex so I’m confused, did they turn Viper into a girl and then get rid of his titan  This Valkery person is literally a copy and paste of Viper, it’s even the same helmet
Why would anyone dislike this?!
hello friends  hope have an amazing day we are a new channel and making content about games and our first videos are about apex  we will be so happy if you can check them it wont take your time wish the best for you and thank you for reading
I just know this is probably gonna be cancer for a while
also, can we get a movie once all legends are released please?! or evne a mini series?! <3
Wraith: remember me Custic:no Wraith:so you have chosen death Edit: my first time get 91 like thx
Are we just...not talking about Ash?
this is going to be the longest 10 days ever 0_0 0_0
I really hope Vipe- Valkyrie... will draw more attention to Titanfall 2!
So they added Pharah to Apex             cool.
Is double tap back?? 0:20
I have to recommend you all to Anonymous_blackhat_official on Instagram, for me he's the best hacker I have ever encountered.
I have to recommend you all to Anonymous_blackhat_official on Instagram, for me he's the best hacker I have ever encountered.
People who took L's: Octane Horizon Caustic Wraith Loba Gibraltar  And some more....... And some more is a legend as well.
how many of you think that valkyrie will be nerfed after the new season
Girl power squad
haven't been this hyped since like season 1
They should make it to where h can craft heirlooms with metals or sum yo
I'm a bit disappointed in the animation, it's not bad, it's just I liked the way it was before
how did mirage not die.
Is it me or is Fuse's tactical looking less pathetic than usual?? May be a buff...
If I knew Titanfall 3 was in the oven while this was going on, I'd be more hyped. But these days it just feels like getting endless appetizers and wondering when the main course is gonna arrive.
Your best be ready to get slapped by yours truly.
I freakin love the Mirage,Path, and wraith trio they're so funny
Mirage was the real star of this video
Where gameplay 👀
I will still support that if respawn ever made a Apex movie I would definitely go see it
Poor gibby
They finally updated Titanfa- wait...
Classic octane going solo into the heart of the fight
Did every legend appear in this trailer?
What map is this
BRO APEX KNOWS THAT WRAITH MAINS FAV LODAD OUT IS WING MAN R 99 1:39
2:03 Revenant: Tell me the time and place, and I'll snap him before he at least suspects it... 🌚
I'm looking forward to Season 9
So is that robot at the end Ash? Or a new person
That why mirage is my favorite
Make Bangalore BETTER !  AYOxTRYxME13
good trailer, XD mirage... WATCH ME NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Ash let's go
They actually including everyone in the trailer im so happy rn idk how to GDVGCVNNB
Ok  but When Titans ? XD
haha, octane go brrrrrr
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
You call yourselves legends? You call this a real game lol?
Apex is making me want to quit genshin and start playing again omygod O.O
Again the same season as the first 8 :C
Wait to characters are coming to the game
0:34 *FLIGHT CORE ACTIVATED*
Viper, you came back
Where is world's edge bring it back for a day at least
This octane scene looks very cool, i like music in this trailer, do it more
Pharah?
Is cross progression coming?
Every time respawn comes out with a new season it makes me feel like a kid on Christmas
Anyone notice the g7 was full auto? 0:20-0:23 new hop-up?
So wait, do people in the apex games like die die or is it like that time when technology is so advanced that death is a concept created by the jedi?            Also can't tell why but Mirage is always my favorite
This is the first trailer since the game launch trailer where every legend is featured some way
Thank you, Pathfinder. Let's do that every time she's in frame, okay friend? (:
0:13 SHE SAID IT i hope your doing nice legacy with you father legacy Valk
I don't play these games....
1:27 Caustic is very weak in the game, but why he also weak in the video?😅
So it looks like you can hold your knockdown shield with lifelines revive, not sure if anyone else noticed that 🤔
14 on trending good job respond
double tap trigger  0:21
A silent moment for the people who didn't play titanfall 2 :/
Where is loba buff?
WoW
2:33
マジでお願いだから野良で2人でスタートするのなんとかしてくれん？  多少時間掛かっても良いから絶対3人にしてくれや
2:06
Wraith con cara de celosa por que loba le dijo guapo a mirage 1:45 🤣🤣
0:36 if you listen well you can hear “justice rains from above”
SPITFIRE
QUITAR LA SPIFIRE JODER
This is cool and all but when we able to play as mad maggie...              ...im still waiting                RESPAWN DO IT NOOOOOOOW <:(            AHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOW            please            My keyboard hurts :(               If not give me your money            Yes that was a mugging          Ok i stop now                        GO AWAY FATTI        lol
So caustic is dead
Joyous. Another character that the game don't need. Literally the game does not need a character that can fly. As cool as the character is we all know within a week there is going to be alot of people saying she needs to be removed. Well that's if pros are not using her. But honestly apex does not need a flying character in it.
But if you think after seeing the new apex trailer he said it's was customised (Maybe that's why he can literally fly and last longer compared to 3 seconds of hover) So the titans in multiplayer are just standard
Thank you Respawn 👏👏👏👏👏
God loves you he wants you to be in Heaven with him but you need to do your part and your part is to repent and ask for forgiveness and trust in him that he is your Lord and Saviour. Romans 10:9 if you declare with your mouth, '' Jesus is Lord'' and Believe in your heart that God raised Jesus from the dead you will be saved. repent and trust in him 2Corinthians 5:17 anyone who is in Christ is a new creation the old is gone, Behlod the new has come. repent and trust in him
Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ who died for your sins, so you would not perish but have eternal life!
新キャラとかどうでもいいから環境改善しろks運営
*I want this game, now*
If you’re looking for something to watch before Season 9, check my vids out!! Lol
Maybe apex legends was always titanfall 3
This is well made ngl better than pubg newstate trailer, man ain’t I hyped 😶
Me when its time to go to school: 1:22
발키리 기대합니다.  그리고 항상 에이펙스 레전드 응원합니다! 화이팅!
#1 victory royale  Yeah apex we bout to get down (get down)
Can we all just appreciate the octane part
마지막은 다음 신캐??
Are we ever gonna have a trailer after season 2 where octane doesn’t die?
相対的にわっちょんの評価が上がる
"We're in the pipe 5 by 5" is one of the most stolen lines from Aliens....try to be original. Otherwise this game looks good but it doesn't seem to have any purpose...just random killing and smack-talking.
So excited. Props to the animation team on this one too. Great job everyone!
wow octain  is SO FAST!
Her looks received a buff
很好奇腐蝕為什麼不先丟夜神進去而是傻傻地進去架槍....
Absolution Conviction Vengeance... are these the real names of the maps?
Ash? 2:46
アッシュ...?死んだはずじゃ!?
wow
If anyone just paid attention of how they edit the sound design according to the music, just thumb up... And if u didn't know now you know (with Mirage voice) Soooo excited! Thanx Respaaawn!
Ive never played this game, but this trailer made me to install it.
プルス・ウルトラ！
This is gonna be another sweaty season for everyone.
lets hope for casual games
I still get Bronze 4 mates while soloqing in plat 2:)
who also have fans of Viper, one here! I just hype season 9
Epic!!!!!
IM GETTING JACK AND HIS NEW TITAN
아니 애쉬는 어떻게 살아돌아온거야?
If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. Romans 10:9
Justice rains from above only overwatch players get that
Pathfinder daddy😩😩😩😩😩
Oh hi Pharah, nice to see you here too
Apex legends can you fix wraith pls her void time is long
Боцык ) У меня так в деревне собаку звали 27 лет назад))) Земля ему стейками.
Mirage + Wraith >>>> Mirage + Rampart.
Does loba's family have a culture of getting clapped by robots?
Poor
I love all of the maps
Why is ash in the trailer ? Imagine if they bring out 2 legends !
elizabeth klotzke
gotta say love ashes new look. kinda spooky though
Yoo new weapon
gameplay trailer WHEN?!?!
In the pipe ! 5x5!! Epic Alien 2 line!!
オクタンのガン逃げ好き
These keep getting better  I’d appreciate it if we can geet a animation storyline or something
C est la vie .
*sees Valk* S H E H O T
使うの楽しみ🥰🥰
So does this mean I can get in my Red Baron Titan again soon?
Can you remove loba from my account
This is still on trending?
The new legends dad is viper
タタタタタタたたたたたﾀﾀﾀﾀﾀﾀのしみｲｲｲｲｲｲｲｲｲイイイイイイ
Mera kaddu
Que calor un olor a pucho como fiuma ajj
POGCHAMP
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱 so cant wait!!! Been playing since it released for season one and love every second of it. Cant wait for new season!
New character Is a beast hott
New subscriber awesome video awesome game
This looks terrible
New Apex trailer: *exists* Tommee Profitt: "So anyway I started singing"
2:05 best part of the trailer
300k likes for solo Tufi.  Thx for new legend
Fix the servers, fix the bugs and matchmaking
2:05 is this a new crypto finisher??
Ohh yesss Wee all can't wait for IT ,this looks sikk 🎮
Valk don't turn out like rampart please. 😳😳☹️🥺
Music ?
G7 Automatic now or D-TAP is back.
What is the requirements
Gibby got kicked in the face and didn't even move an inch
Wraith really said to caustic:"Remember me?"
Wait is the new legend phara from overwatch?😳
凄いわーー！！！
What on earth is this new animation style   Cause honestly prefer the more detailed one from pervious trailers
SUPER COOL!!!! BUT IT WOULD COOLER IF YOU NERFED SPITFIRE
Can we talk about ash? What is she doing here?
WHY DOES MY MAN CAUSTIC ALWAYS GOTTA DIE MAN WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?????????????
Thanks
Spoiler: TDM coming
0:21 looks like the doubletap trigger is coming back
Valkyrie is bae
the trailer gone fire!!!!!!!
maybey i should make some quality videos on this game too it looks good
YOHANAN(JOHN/JUAN) 14:6 "I AM THE WAY AND THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE. NO ONE COMES TO THE FATHER EXCEPT THROUGH ME" "YO SOY EL CAMINO Y LA VERDAD Y LA VIDA. NADIE VIENE AL PADRE SINO POR MI"........
bangunin w kalo udh di Android 🗿
In Every apex legends trailer, octane be like:🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️ while saying to himself fastest fuckboi
I'M HYPED !!!!
0:55 Octane takes Velocity X and enters the speedforce
0:21 G7！？
Justice rains from above
1:24 you got bamboozled
SHE SAID IT!!!
Ded gaem LUL
So legends are immortal? The many times they die and respawn, I mean?
Lol apex copied the bows from fortnite
I really love when a notification pops up "somobody liked your comment" or "____ subscribed your channel" :)
Haha who said anything bout salvage
Phara from Overwatch
Next seasons theme has to be Neon or Synthwave or something
Did some one realize it is only called legacy without season 9 I am afraid they stop making apex legends just like titanfall 2
これはヤバすぎるね エグい
Best trailer so far
顔全然ちゃうやん
Epic
can´t await it :-)
Where is the hacker? Why I didn't  see  in the animate ?
Sheeeeeeeesh
Best game ever
Why Gibby...you didnt use bubble...:(
oh look Pharah has joined the battle
Im excited for this new clever lass to enter the arenas! See you all in the arenas!!!
1:33 mirage is hiding the gun with his tech. He can handle caustic himself.
BS
Maining Valk Until they release a cool legend 10 seasons from now
ive never played apex before but wow after watching this i just might
Nobody gonna talk about how valyrie is exactly like pharah from overwatch, she even has the rocket barrage
So is this what they meant by “our best work as yet to be released”? :0
Probably my FAVOURITE Launch Trailer. LOVE seeing ALL legends interact and in action with killer music, how it should be - always the best kind of Launch Trailers! :D
0:42 "I own the sky" Viper?!
Yknow this is probably the only game were I feel like I'm not selling my soul to EA when I buy things
Peak the range on that L-star
imma go become a mini northstar
I like fortnite
日本人🙋
So no one is gonna talk about how Wraith used the same technique on Caustic 1:26
Pls nerf spitfire
Pls nerf spitfire
Will we ever get a Titanfall 3? Apex is like the Junior league👎👎👎
きたあ！
The game is average...😥
engineer gaming
Phara on apex?? Apex creators have no more imagination.
watch me nooow...
There animations gets even better in every season TwT)❤✨
No doubt the best launch trailer yet. Love how it actually shows how just about each legend acts and their abilities are included rather than JUST the new legend.
新レジェンドのパッシブがどれくらいの速度強化かわからないけど文面見ると強そう。あとはアビリティでどれくらいの高度まで上昇できてどれくらいの間飛べるかくらいかな。ワンチャンママみたいな強レジェンドの可能性ある⁉︎
I hope they will buff crypto he is kinda boring and useless
I just want aceu back
From India🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳💖
New gun is a bow ?
Are they lowkey teasing lobas jump drive buff Cause she had a gun ready right after she uses her bracelet.... 1:42
i teabagged viper when i killed him on master and now he daughter is out to get me in a new whole game  r.i.p bt  7274
Did I miss the blood hound in this video?
1:32ここ日本語吹き替えのとき氏ねってレイスが言ってて草
i think new mode 3V3 aren
IamJapanese
It's it just me or recently the games I've played will always be in shortly slow motion?
Loba trying to 1v2 with a black market stick and a RE45 expected result
lets go to the arenas guyss
🔥🖤
Juste incroyable pour les français 😛
hacker hacker hacker hacker hacker
Veryнайс
Sheeeesh
Definitely Everyone: *scene with mirage and octane was the best*
The first frames of 2:08 is cursed
ok, and solo mode??
Can you please make a crypto heirloom and it’s his drone and when you want to use it it still works
respawn, pls add flightcore Viper sound
1:15
So what is this a game or a dlc?
Repent Yeshua is coming back. Keep His commandments, He’s your ONLY Hope. We are at the verge of war, more pestilence is on the rise, lawlessness has increased, the love of many had grown cold. The U.S Will Fall, prepare!
Man who are you go away you don’t belong here
2DAYS TO GO OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YEAH
imagine they were gonna make a movie about apex..
Bloodhound gets slaughtered in every trailer bro 😭
Wait who is the lady at the end? I was hoping for Ashe is that Ashe?
she isn,t japanes face.
I love the season 0 launch trailer reference at 1:28
ファラやん
1:26 好き
2:05 2:07
I’m literally sitting here bricked up because we got viper in apex bruh
ヴァルキリー、ストーリートレーラーよりイケメンになってる
I swear that you said that Legacy come from the mark you leave
I like the concept of the trailer but I don't like this new animation style. The old Cel Shaded style is beautiful and somewhat unique to Apex. This animation looks a little too...Overwatch.
Only Titanfall 2 fans would know who first said the line “I’m in the pipe 5x5”
why is the octane always killed?
did anyone notice bangalore sprayed like 6 bullets with the g7
The peacekeeper is back finally Thanks respawn much love
Lets go legacy do be look kinda good.
オクタンかっこよ
オクタンかっけぇー
Let me have my skins on xbox that were purchased on ps4! Money grubby tactics
This valkrie is surprisingly similar to the one in Overwatch
ブラハの出番がないのじゃ･･･
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
5m views in just one day good work Respawn
Love you guys calling out Polygon 👏
Did Bangalore just burst fire a g7 scout (0:20)
i was gona buy octane but should i?
5millon view in +24hours
Idk how bloodhound was shooting while he was running zigzag
Bruh clearly that's a cross between viper and northstar that's his voice line?
Where is Blood Hound🩸🐶⚒⚒⚒⚒
Apex legend mobile need to support 144fps.
Like
💪💪💪🌟🌟🌟💪💪🌟
thats Pharah using bow bruh
Omfg valk has so many of vipers lines I love it
That was ash
サムネめっちゃ野獣先輩
is the PK coming back to ground loot?
Guess who’s coming back.
at 0:21, notice how Bangalore's G7 Scout fire 2 bullets ? Maybe they'll bring back the Double Tap Trigger ?
octane Love
Can they add squads now?
ok is anyone else noticing a downgrade in animation quality here?
So... They just take Viper and make him a female
I love how they can make amazing animation within 3 Days
Valkyrie is gonna be so sick 👏 cant wait
I love how Wraith is so used to Mirage's antics that she knows what he would say next.
Awe no bloodhound? 🥺
Is it a new game or just a new update in the game?
Am I the only one who thought Valkyrie sounds like Terran Transportship from StarCraft when she says "I'm In the Pipe, five-by-five"?
This season is literally just continuing Titanfall 2's story and I'm all for it
sheeeesh💪
Called it khall! I knew it was a jetpack!
THE BEST TRAILER EVER HAHAHAHA COOL!!!!
New players download the game and bought items after watching this false advertisement: Am I playing the same game? Can I get my refund?
Apex u gotta chill I talk about u enough 🤦🏿‍♂️
Fix long matchmakings by putting bots change my mind
I am definitely the prey in this food chain
A
Just release it already.
Wow they put Ash in here?!
Valk basically says all of Viper's lines i love it xD
8 more seasons to wall run guys One day, one day
My main is just be chilling as usual~ 🎤🎶
Loving the animation
Valk is gonna be op
SO MUCH VIPER STUFF
オクタンかっこよすぎやろ笑
0:55からくそかっけー
Mind blowing animation and concept ❤️❤️❤️🤩🤩🤩
LOBA SLANDER WILL NOT ME TOLERATED
Your respawn let’s nerf wraith for the 100000000000th time
So no one finna talk about how thick ash is 👀
why does it look like kids put rocks and pebbles on ashes head jajajajajajaja
I love this game, but i cant play it, because my big bro selling my PC 😭
How awsome it would be if respawn had a chance to make an apex legends movie
The person scrolling down through the comments, have a nice day
Nerf valkyrie plz she to op. She shot me with rockets flying through the sky
By now this is just Titanfall 3
Am I the only one who's severs are not working
It was just a trailer but it felt like a whole movie 😲
Maybe fix dous!!
1:25 wraith killed caustic
Please
I WANT TO PLAY IT FIRST
LET ME PLAY THIS NEW GAME  I REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY WANT IT
Fortnite: releases the grappler bow* apex: releases a new map and a new weapon*
Sorry for the nit pick but is the g7 in full auto at 0:20
Bangalore is getting ZERO love!!!
Also I think the gameplay of season nine is coming in two days I’m guessing or tomorrow idk
Like let us voted on what we went neft and give you info it be 100x easier for you
What happened to EA in the opening of Apex legends when you’re playing the game you’re not a stand EA is not There anyone that has a pack of sages go onto the game right now and you’ll see no ea
I'm not trying to sound rude but can you guy's just let us voted on neft as a community because I'm gonna be real next season might not be as popular as y'all think because of these nefts
Ash is becoming a meme every season like Blisk
Did Watson's fence get buffed??👀
Mirage : Watch me nowwww~ 😄🎤  Me : that was the most amazing thing I have heard
5 by 5? Fox 3? Viper boss fight? I don't know how y'all plan to balance Valkyrie, but I'm hyped as could be.
Apex legends mobile Is coming❤
It must be my first.
So let me get this straight, wraith has a gun to her head and she’s just annoyed, yet mirage has a stick pointed at him and HE IS SCARED?
Love  it
dman was that octane scene  good
ブラハ出てきた？？
Imagine apex was actually like this 🥵
2:09
(TrendVideoInJapan)
Wait did valk just say fuse voiceline
I own the sky... Malcolm " ACE" Granger haha
Can’t wait for the up date! But I wish they add a black Male character next. Just saying🤷🏾‍♂️
Repent of your sins and turn to God, for the kingdom of Heaven is near. Matthew 3:2  Jesus loves you! Never give up on your life!
きたきあきたあ
This is epic. Period. No argument.
This is how a  FTP FPS game is made! Good luck Apex.
who here smacked her dad up with bullets galore?!
Like for titanfall 3
楽しみや！ワールズエッジ…
1:04  watson buff incoming?
Bloodhound is discrète 🖤🦅
26.04.21 haa better
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
Fico foda brabo d+
oh f*&^, I hate to be that guy, but in the new mastiff Octane meta, horizon and now a ^&** jetpack?  This will not go well,
I leave apex last season moving reasons and now there's going to be flying.....
Mirage still the best
So...How many days after release until she gets nerfed into the ground?
YOOOO
한조다 한조
2:42 Ash!?
0:20.. full auto g7?????
Pharah
招待コードメルカリ QABFVC
in the pike 5 by 5 aliens nice :-)
I dont like the idea of a flying Legend
おいゴミ運営。 ランクでチャンピオン取ったのに1ポイントも上がらねぇとか舐めた真似してくれやがってよ。 メインサーバー爆破すんぞゴミが  もうてめぇらはこれ以上クソゲーを作るな。 てめぇら自身が既にゴミなのに生意気なんだよ
0:35  Justice rains from above headass😂😂
mmm.,.,,, aopepx hlegend
"Tell death I said hello".  Memories
Man, it seems like in most of these apex trailers Gibraltar gets disrespected, could we show the big homie some love? Honestly, may not be the best to play for a number of people but the big man's the people's "brudda"
I am waiting for the new legend
I love this game soo much👍
Man I look good
Apex just made my day ready to beat people up the arena
Anyone else notice bloodhound running on all fours?
People just be getting bodied now in the trailers
Ash 🌝
This was the most focus loba has got in a trailer since s5 and it was literally just her getting kicked into a billboard, s m f h
Is that.... is that... IS THAT ASH!!???
Return of season 1?
I just like dropping into the boxing ring and losing in 60 seconds after getting a gold fully kitted 301 that I didn’t get to fire. It’s why I play the game.
YOO THIS IS HYPE
0:35 Justice Rains From Abov-
1:25ここ前のミラージュがレイスを助けてるシーン思い出した
I think the PK is back you can see it with a iron sight
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
Who’s ready do to die from the best mirage ?
Pathfinder is the thot slayer
How do they keep uping their game every time. This is insane.
Woah woah I’m out here playing Fuse shooting tiny pop rocks and in the trailer it looks like he’s shooting phantom fire works.
Titanfall is lit well I only played 2 but that was lit so I’m sure the first one is good too
If anyone deserves to be a protagonist it's Viper's daughter
Where forge?
Loba seems to pull out her wepion after teleporting, hopefully that’s a sneak peak to a buff
Oh wow, if this was a movie I’d watch it so many times
I think this game has not seen its highest potential yet. Maybe soon. Team has been working so hard and constantly improving.   Thank you guys for all this.   A veteran
(TrendVideoInUS)
Apex just keeps getting better and better sheesh 🔥 fortnite could never
2:07
ワクワクが止まらねぇや
Who called Phara?😅
楽しみぃ！
You gotta love wraith... pathfinder, mirage and wraith are such a good team!
Fara in apex legends
Why can't Valkyrie wallrun? She's a pilot
このステージもこのマップも新レジェも曲すら好き
Love how she has so much of vipers personality great way to bring Titanfall to apex. Best trailer so far each character is unique and, you get a glimpse of their personalities... Ash is pretty lit by the way 🔥
apex can you add free apex coins?
New map... Where we at
she gonna be to op. you think horizon was a nightmare to hit this girl gonna be unhittable.
Me: Notice that we have a New Map Others: Theres a new legend and a Bow
That mean ash is still alive
. 1:14 am I the only one who heard "POKIMANEEEEEEEEEEEEEee" here?
You heard it there. She is the sky.
Well now they are confirmed copying siege
MIrrage: I am a legend
Pharah is that you
Too slow amigos!
Nothing: Stand by for titanfall!!!  Northstar: welcome back pilot Valkyrie.   *that's better.
Funny how the only part where revenant show up is when he just straight up shank wraith with his hand
It seems like Octane, Fuse and Wattson are getting a buff.
SHE'S IN THE PIPE 5 BY 5!!!
한마리의 닭이 이 영상을 좋아합니다
Ash is back baby but is kinda sad because I remember BT killing her in Titanfall 2!
They gonna nerf my Horizon again, aren't they? 🥴
New map? Pog
トレイラー見る度に思うんだけど、俺APEX大好きだわ
Join the Rebellion today! Who will join us?
2:48
Basically the Squad from season 1 vs them in season 9 S1 Wraith: Serious asf S9 Wraith: Annoyed big sis S1 Mirage: Childish mood S9 Mirage: still Childish S1 Pathfinder: ExcItIng S9 Pathfinder: *yeets Loba*
Gave ash a haircut
Please let arena mode do well and add multiple maps to compete with Valorant. This game could do it well.
"You can have the ground, Eye on the sky" seems like it was supposed to be a little wordplay for "I'll be in the sky" or something, but it doesn't really work that well.
CANT WAIT THE RELEASE
This is much Better than COD warzone season 3 trailer with  lame casting members.
Yo this is sick
The mirage scene.....
New map? 🤨
Reminds me of Pharah from overwatch. Still hyped though
Espectacular
Octane got dropped so hard oml
Nowhere to run nowhere to hide pilot
2:43 ash?
Apex legends mobile
Ash frickin got murdered how is she still alive
This is slowly turning into fortnite
Caustic: Note to self, always anticipate an inter-dimensional skirmisher when confronting the goofy pineapple.
All i can say is WOW
I live for Apex animations. Keep it up, please ❤️
Mirage and wraith are so cute
Chillz no cap
Magnifique le trailer 👍
Ayo can I get a vanguard class titan cough cough bt7274
1:51 The og Apex trio
When are Wraith and Mirage gonna get married?
Let’s see how many subscribers I can get from this comment. Currently: 64
Such a a quality trailer, the best yet. Keep up with the same art work (and character builds)!
Whoever has the new legend in their team tends to win in these trailers ... *curious*
it seems like every seasons trailer is "CHASE OCTANE, OCTANE GO FAST, OCTANE GET CAUGHT ANYWAYS AND DIE",  thats some mad disrespect to my boy...
Ashhhhh
So.... do we ACTUALLY get to fly with  viper?
Apex Mobile
top
верните Валькирию из трейлера (((
Why is this not a series on Amazon or Netflix or something?
Tell me this which one of you guys think season 8 was the most boring season, it also had horrible server lag.
Has anyone else been having issues with Loba and teleporting?
Ay yo that ash
You always do girl’s
Not only is vipers daughter in the game, but ash is Back!
Is... is that ash?
I thought it was Jack copper it would be cool
Piola >;D
Im so glad valk says viper quotes
AYYYYY VIPERS DAUGHTER IS HERE! TITANFALL IS STILL ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!
Arreglen el maldtito matchmaking
where titan?
what happened to lobas face
Pog, Ash comes back
so funny watching these guys beat each other up xD
This games trailers never disappoint
Is it just me or did Bangalore just full auto a G7 at the start??
Whatch me now
Dr. Disrespect was right. It's always the same old generic music in these trailers.
Can u stop abusing my boy Octane? In every season trailer he dies.
We hyped bout season 9 so turnt 💯💯💯😎😎😎🔥🔥🔥😎
Nice.  Where is Jack Cooper
Fix NetCode hit reg!!!!!
First release it to mobile
HOLYYY
Watch me nowwwwww!!
Cant wait to spend another 100 on skins and  play on the dogshit servers and get tons of no regs
I guess i need to get back to playing.
Best trailer ever❤️
where titan?
Repeat a certain line in the trailer get instant like
The last character they release better be ash otherwise my hopes would’ve been up for nothing 😭
I thought this was apex legends not overwatch
It is time.
This game releasing was honestly the best birthday gift EVER. Like how could such a good game release on my birthday.
Bruh why she sound and look like pharah from OW lol
Does this mean that path is getting ash back?
Respawn keeps killing it!
Viper callback made me cry, he's been mine and my friend's favorite pilot since the beginning an we always wondered what happened to him
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You know if they wanted to buff lifeline they could make her it so that she came heal the player when knocked and if that was added then it would be better if they could make it so she heal them while knocked and resing them
Only OGs remember Viper
am so happy apex start to be from best games in esports am playing from first season
New fuze rework Maybe ?
lets f*cking go
0:12 Please tell me someone else gets this reference, please tell me I’m not the only one that does
Me vengo
WRAITH HOLDING CAR SMG??? 1:47
Dah ha ham apex Is steping up there game
I think this is the most excited I’ve been about a  upcoming season!
my boy octane is getting bullied in many apex trailers...we gotta do somethin..FAST!
"God is real. God loves you. God wants the best for you. Believe that. I do."  Chris Pratt
Anyone thinking knockoff pharah
Farah from china
My boy octane is smooth but rip
Why they do loba like that
If she doesnt have a quip that quotes her father ima be upset
The graphics are like valorant but different when playing it
#5 on trending because the gun sounds are louder than WW2 sounds . Just put suppressors in the game .
ASK it’s her iam so realy for season 10 when it comes and MOBILE APEX THANk U APEX
Can fly, has a bow... say no more   Now I need a PC
You guys are super nerds, super into this, I remember after downloading this game when it came out I deleted it after about 1 hour of play...
I look new weapon fortnite bow kapummm?Ammo Shotgun or Heavy Ammo
HYPED
Yay....another airborne character...can’t wait. I guess horizon didn’t ruin the game enough for them.
I can hear all the Fortnite kids saying " OH they stole the bow from Fortnite only the real ogs know where they got it from"
Love it
Kai' Sa?
Warzone>Apex
As a Northstar main, I’m glad that we finally get to see my character in game.
LETS GOO SNOWY MAP TIME
Good
Hype
Bow and arrow, running on the walls, peacekeeper can return to being a common weapon among other mysteries not yet revealed, this season will be incredible 😜
All we need is a ps5 upgrade 🙏🏼
Ash for s10..?
Loba got kicked into the 9th wall
Hope battle pass not a L-star :) 💜💜💜
I'm so excited and i don't even play Apex
If reaspon did not run this game it woud not be as good as it is now
ドローン使いと関係あるんかな。顔似てる 後、すげぇボーダーランズに出てきそう。
phara??????
Please add Ash as a legend I been waiting for a while and hoping
Is it sad that I have watched this about 12 times?
Yesssss.. Time to go Beyond BR
But will there finally be Cross-console progression.
紋聲動力公司感謝您的努力
I think Valkyrey's abbilities are gonna be: Less explosive damage as passive  A small fly as main ability And as ultimate: ZE TOP SECRET JETPACK WITH ROCKETS AND MINIGUNS?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Bro what is this
Valk is gunna be my new main just because of how cool she is
Fix this game on switch!!!
I'll withhold judgment until I've seen/played it, but their videos do make everything LOOK good.  :-)
Miles morales
This season is going to be amazing 🥶
Valk thicc
respawn are one of the best at making trailers. i wish they would do a animated series of apex.
Uau incrível
No Apex Legends players will understand this unless youve played the titanfall 2 campaign. The new Legend is the daughter of the Northstar villain in the campaign of Titanfall 2 called Venom i think. Im guessing she is seeking revenge, and if thats so Jack Cooper may be another legend, but thats a bit far fetched.
0:53  for rewind purposes  edit: for anyone wanting the octane-matching-audio time stamp : 0:59
the skies belongs to me pilot nowere to run nowere to hide
0:22 - I hope Lifeline rework gonna be like this in the trailer which is you can still use your knockdown shield on the ground even though there is no DOC RES SHIELD anymore so people can't thirst you right away!
Does Ash mean tf3?     Please just let me dream.
BOW????????????!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?
i love watching these
*We Needed This*
Anyone else around for the premier to hear mirage call insurance over the voyage burning down?
This game is dead
I like how Wraith is using a wingman and r-99 like every other Wraith main lol
valkyrie literally flys xD thank god i already signed off this game
Octane shows up, Pathfinder: It looks like I've got some aerial competition!  Loba shows up, Pathfinder: This one can teleport right behind my metal backside. Aknowledged!  Horizon shows up, Pathfinder: This is getting really competitive. I am no longer the king of high grounds.  Valkyrie shows up with jetpack, Pathfinder: Good luck, have fun!
Peacekeeper👀
I found the voice of wratih better in english but mirage voice's better in french
Istg if valk doesn't get a skin with that helmet, imma cry
Cant wait for Valkyrie
This look great! The animations are insane! They get better every year! Good job Respawn.
Yo ash
Well how’s about them bows?
0:17 Fuse buff? His knuckle cluster exploded all at once and looked like it hit a wider area
Im going to go play the titanfall2 campaign real quick
Valk is cringe idk y
Ash, viper, blisk, depredadores supremos, vinson dinamycs, el legado de titanfall 2 empieza a surtir efecto.
So hyped!
I hope jack cooper will be in season 15.
the subtle details like wraith using an r99 and wingman make it even better
We fckn NEED server patches!
Valkyrie is already annoying
Let’s go baby!
Is anyone gonna mention how wattsons fence wasnt active till octain was right there??👀👀👀
Neznam sta glumite, sta forsirate nekakve sezone, a imate toliko problema sa igrom toliko grešaka.. Pravite app za mobitele a niste u stanju napraviti update bez greske,vi ste pocetnici!
if only the money you put into these mediocre animation went into better servers instead
Mirage goat 😂😂🤣
Ролик в 15 фпс ,ужасное качество ? Бедная инди студия , нету денег . Проходили уже такое )
Где тут Русские? Как вам трейлер?)
0:39 i think this will be one of valkyrie's finishers
Well, this should be fun...
loke how the views are and they say apex dead
Focus. Fight. Win.
Valkyrie: flys      Horizon: are you challenging me dear.
1:46. Why Wraith not phasing if she can (Loba look at the Mirage, she can do the phase and run away)? Or they want to present Pathfinder's trick?
I hate that they named some asian character after a cultural Scandinavian title.  I''d be like calling an a French person Buddha or a hispanic person Muhammed.  Offensive af.
I would really pay to watch an Apex miniseries in this style
Fortnite copy
I would really pay to watch an Apex miniseries in this style
This game is underrated.
The games are all a simulation kinda like Bo3 multiplayer lore but the winners do get money and recognition in the TitanFall universe.
0:34 Pharah is that you?
Uhmmmm... Ash?
I heard her valkyrie say, "you can have the ground, i own the skies." and i was just YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!
Are we just walking titans at this point
I don't now how  can ash survived that in titanfall 2 but I'm so excited
She just violated Gibby😂
Why is Nobody commenting about Ash!!
Watch me nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
1:26 call back to season 0 trailer
why gibby always get disrespected in every trailer
what happened to rampart when octane shot did she die? But he was going too fast how do he aim correctly?How did she die instantly? I have so many questions
Вылитая Гюрза
"I'm in the pipe, five by five". Exciting🤖
Ready for "1v1 Me"
When are we getting an animated series!
Cool🔥💯🤘
A future millionaire will like this comment
How cool ist that
Bring back thunderdome as an arena map that would be dope
Where is Viper
Titanfall 3 pls
Gaypex legends
wow
what is it with this game and robots and adding robotic parts to there characters can someone please tell me
can we have a apex legends MOVIE ?
Wow another femboy/boyfem hero,how unusually suddenly!
Sheeesh I like velcery
yoholyshit
OG Squad back !!  Mirage 🥽, Wraith 🧿, Pathfinder 🤖
ok but... the servers? i still can't play the game since season 7
Ayo ash back from the dead (titanfall 2)
She have the same ultimate of northstar in titanfall, perfect!
Valkyrie: I own the sky  Flying Rampart: Ohh you chosen death.
i on smoke next season
0:18 ok that just dosent happen at all
OH...MY...GOD....
I'll come back to the game if it means we finally get Solos.. hopfully Solos is the Arenas
Freaking amazing
🏹
Bro this animation sheeeeeesh
Is that a ... a.... IS THAT A PILOT
Mirage didnt die this time lol
Sheesh apex is bout to snap
Yay no more battle royale. Go back to titanfall multiplayer
Now the question is is the PK actually ground loot because you can take the optic off now.
if it weren't for this doghist commerce music, this trailer would be 10/10
I love Apex !!!!!!♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
"I prefer the air"
now I will wait for it with eagerness and emotion ahhhhh
What map is this
Let’s go we got ash in here
Soooo... Phara didn't like Mercy but Hanzo?
Nerf valk
I hope ill be able to play mouse and keyboard on console in season 9!
What is this anime name
1:55 Is that who i think it is?
These are my favorite part of getting a new season. I hope if a show comes out for this games its only in this style
Sheeeshhhhh
日本人おる？
People have said that the think the animation has got better but really don’t like the new art style it looks like a kids tv show kinda
This is their best trailer
I need a movie
THE KNUCKLE CLUSTER LOOKS SO GOOD!
Season 1= 3.7 M. Views 2 years ago...  Season 9=4.5 M views 2 days ago...
Great video I subbd
Is that Ash? I thought she died in titanfall 2
If I stick a Valk with an arc star can they fly into an enemy team and get an assist?
It’s fun to see Mirage Wraith and Pathfinder in a squad again
How many times u hit that replay button  me : YES
SHEEEEEESH
Nice to see Ash make a return
I am so excited for worlds edge returning
Holy s*** This is awesome
This is awesome 👏
Right, im betting that apex is just a game to set up plot for titanfall 3 so when it comes out it will be a tie in
People that know how to aim: *you fool*
Finally we have a permanent different game mode
相変わらずローンチトレーラーかっこよすぎるな
Respawn could you give me some luck and maybe let me get my butterfly knife in my next pack I promise I'll play more Apex than Call of Duty
It's going to be wild! Almost as wild as seeing all these positive comments! 😱
Heyy every legend got their moment in this one! Even Loba got to do something cool before being punted into a screen
hey yo that one robo chick from titan fall
WOAH
Chuisss trop exister pour la nouvelle saison
Looks mad decent 👍
Pharra????
Apex trailers are like netflix series
is fuse dead because he is my fav skin and  i have lot of respect for him
WE NEED TITANFALL3！！！ I can't wait anymore!!!!!
The VR simulator evidence on 1:35 like mirage makes the P2020 ?
Ok Northstar
I always thought those dislikes are from Fortnite kid or something  No, those are Titanfall players that hates apex
At this point my wallet rents a room at apex headquarters
d000d I can't believe Ash is back man d00000d!!!! This trailer is so hype!!! I can't wait for the Arena gameplay on the 26th and season 9 on May 4.  Valkyrie is going to be freaking amazing!!!! LET'S GO y0!!!
Get to #2 on Trending
Octane got zapped like a bug
Why they do my mans caustic like that
amazing‼︎
This felt way longer than 3 minutes
0:33 new skin for Pharah???
That’s tuff
Ash?
Lol im waiting for a octane buff wallrunninggg
How we could make apex fairer “yes we ate going to add a new character with pharah missiles who can also fly and has a bow and arrow, who should we buff then,hmmmm maybe gibby that would make the game fairer”
Please let her wear the viper helmet please she loooks super cool with the viper helmet
I'm pretty sure the locations used in this trailer will all be the arena exclusive maps, the olympus like city one at first glance looks like the mountain area but if you look the mountain is actually a mountain and theres skyscrapers giving a natural wall. The kings canyon one is also an arena too I think but it does look similar to artillery
So.... i get to end viper's bloodline?
Caustic just dies
Loving Mirage here, and Miwraith ;-)
Are we not gonna talk about how Bangalore used the G7 scout like a fully automatic at 0:21
I LOVE APEX !!
5-5, good tone.
Not as good as fortnite
I love how wraith has a wingman and r-99, a true ttv
Is there a story to Apex? I feel like I'm late to that party
Phara is that u?
Holy?!?! Is that vipers helmet!!!!
Je cherche plan Q/ sexto.Appelez moi au 0630144383
How many tries did it take to get there for loba😭
真的很帥 但拜託不要不平衡
Pura to hang but Jack's Leica
Robot dreadlocks like bru
I'm confused is that the mobile version or another PC version and if so why are they releasing two games in the same year
Man this looks insane the last time I played was season 1-2  can’t wait To check it out
your trailer so cool but, your game kinda shi#
Me watching this for the tenth time noticing the amount of times Bloodhound was mErKed is kinda funny
I saw this in the utube trending category
0:20 wait, full-auto G7 scout ? Are they gonna put the Selectfire Receiver on it ?
This is a killer trailer 🔥
Looks like it's gonna be 3v3 Arenas.
0:33 I looked up what Fox 3 means. Here's what google said. "Fox three. Indicates launch of an active radar-guided missile" I hope that they had Valk say this just for fun.
One day we'll get a new Titanfall
Lets goo its coming out in my birthday
arenas 5v5 NOICE!!!!
0:20 Three round burst G7???
Also 3v3 is like the worst option for a team deathmatch game. Should be 4v4 5v5 or 6v6.
YO CAUSTIC IS DEAD
Wow. Respawn just doesn't pay attention... Another Flying character?? Another freaking horizon!  The worst part is how they nerfed other Legends into the ground to FORCE us to play the new legends that we just don't all want to play!!! I'm so fu*****g sick of everything getting good and it gets NERFED.  I'm sick of the whole idea of Nerfs and buffs.  Only reason some weapons get abused is because these days more people have access to internet and the streamers who constantly talk about good weapons which in turn gets more and more common players using those weapons and trying to emulate pros! That's why this game is so sweaty and hard to enjoy if you're not trying 1000% harder than anything.
did anyone notice the full auto G7 that Bangalore is shooting in the beginning
not cute😢
looks waaaaaaaaaaaay too amazing
Can we appreciate Mirages goofy run at 1:39
I am so happy you found a way to bring viper back. And trust me, I am going to be a sell out and buy valk and buy a bunch of apex crates so I can get that viper costume.
Farah joined Apex!
So a bow, wall run/jump, Watson fence stops players, new character that flies, Australian guy fire circle is stronger, all that for the new season? I'm in, he'll yeah.
Anyone else notice when doc was reviving bloodhound, he had his knockdown shield active???? Did respawn listen to the suggestions?
Im excited
the trailer is so amazing .. waiting for the Whole Entertainment ...Who is liking the video click 👍
everyone:  I own the skies-viper  me: SHE USED A F****ING BOW, DOES THIS NOT MEAN ANYTHING!?
I love how valkarie has a titanfall helmet on. So much nostalgia
If they give octane the ability to wall run I will literally be so happy
For april fools next year they should just add fall damage as a joke
Is it for mobile ?
0:11. "I'm in the pipe, 5 by 5". Is an attempt to mimic one of Viper's lines in Titanfall 2, but she got it all wrong.  In the pipe is on old aviation term for when someone is following you and has a lock on you. That's why viper says "got you in the pipe", to show that he is locked in to BT (the player's Titan for any unaware). Valk saying that she's in the pipe means she's about to get shot down.
Bloodhound we need more Action with Bloodhound 💪
One day...   One day I'll see a titanfall 3 announcement...
It’s always fun when octane run faster 😭😭
Nice music 😎👍
NAh im pretty sure I saw bt crush ash
Are we gonna ignore that octane wall jumped
if not already, there should be like friendship voicelines between watson and horizon because they are both like scientists and trust eacghother
Mirage needs a Deadpool inspired skin honestly
So we get a night time map?
みんなこいつ使うんだろな
Create a Filipino character 🇵🇭 Philippines got game!!! We game up!!!
It's cool.
Respawn make an apex legends movie please
"Im in the pipe 5x5" Northstar mains wya
nada de que fornite ni nada e esas webadas, apex siempre me gustara mas xd
Did anyone see blood hound in this trailer?
FLYING BOW AND ARROW LADY TAKE ME NOW
I love the animation but why does caustic die all the time?
everyone who executed Ash in Titanfall2 must be mad confused rn
when mirage said that he is a legend yea life is good 1:34
2:00 is that ash
0:20 either the G7 is gonna be full auto or Bangalore is CRACKED
Mirage😂😂😂
Seeeessshhh🔥
Cool B)
Ээээ каустика то за что, он даже сделать ничего не успел
Just waiting for its mobile version
why did this trailer seem so much more brutal than the others
im woundering if 1 of the last seasons is jack cooper
This trailer looks more 3d and less hand drawn than the other ones
0:35 nice job making that one character from overwatch.. how was she called? gah whatever this one will be better
When I play with my friends I say "we are in the pipe, 5 by 5" to confirm I'm in.  Hahahahha it was cool to hear it in the trailer
Oh! yea!!!! I LOVE IT
1:22 Typical Mirage xD
Battle Royale got stale 9 months ago but better late then never.
Knock-off version of Iron man
Pharah over watch much
hopefully it looks like this
So when the apex movie coming out?
Apex legends i love you
Pathy: I love whoever came up with this game! Me knowing its ash: ok pathy I see what u did there
APEX IN THE TRAILER: ALL TEAMPLAY ALL COVER UR TEAM WOOO NICE APEX IN THE REAL: ALL PLAY SOLO, NO ONE DONT REVIVE UR TEAMATES
she better have the same voice lines as Viper
Bye Bye Wraith main
???: Titan Fall has been Ready
DOOU
Someone explain....
Holee molee
僕らの動画、apex実況あげてません！ 是非、見てください。
2 things, is that a hint at what Lifelines drone will be like after the nerf ,and is that a hint at a Wattson buff where her fences will only show when an enemy tries to cross them
"Go beyond battle royale" maybe a new modality like titanfall or a new titanfall? I can't wait :)
*looks in the sky* Sees valk with bow aiming right at you
2:21 that fuse Ult shape changed and a little bit small?
そんな凝った映像いいからさっさとチーター全滅しろよ！多分そのうちオワコンなるぞ。あ、もうなってるか
Octane running is my fav on every trailer he's in..💉💨
Cant wait to curb stomp Valkyrie like I did her dad.
imagine one of her intro quips being: “your journey ends here, legends. the skies belong to me. nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.”
get the HYPE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The sky  belongs to on where  to run and nowhere  to hide
yooooo
Will it launch in india??
Самый лютый ролик за все сезоны!
Movie
I’m still trying to figure out if fuses tactical at the beginning and his ultimate at the end are buffed in this video. Seem a bit different to me. May just be the cinematic affect vs gameplay lol
Phara from Overwatch made it too Apex?
But she never track pathfinders moves
1:15 Litterally that whole sequence is the best part of the trailer.
ずっと
Why does respawn keep killing my boy octane in trailers
え、ブラッドハウンドは？
Season 10 Jack Cooper joins the games.....
Wow. It's one of the best video
put more weapons on the floor, it’s impossible to fall in a place where more players fall and not find a weapon. copy this from the warzone or to leave this game
The trailer opening : " I'm in the pipe, five by five "
Please tell me they didn't make lifeline into a trash can by removing the single thing she still had that was good
I hope they bring back wallrunning atleast just for the arenas... Ground based legends like Rampart or Wattson could have a chance again mobility based like Path or Octane... and now a flying legend too!
New map ??????????????????????????????????????????
I felt like I was fighting with them during the hole trailer 😂😂😂😂
Anyone notice how Bloodhound dies in the first 10 seconds of every trailer ☠️
My main man Caustic would have dropped 3 gas traps before she even spoke. Lol
Her eyes are narrow and squinty, the typical way to describe Asians. I'm Japanese, and I haven't seen many Japanese with this look on the street. So you have this "mysterious Asian" in your head! And she has white hair and her name is Valkyrie? Your taste is very interesting. I'll put a badge on your chest that says you care about race and minorities, and you can go home and tell your mom about it before you go to bed.  In your dreams, the "mysterious Asian" will kiss you. Until the day you grow up and realize that the world is very complicated, you will always be right.
Tomara que venha pro mobile otimizado e com gráficos tops
As long as they have a boba fett or mandolorian type skin for valk. I will be happy.
I'm estatic to play Valk
mozambique here
I  want to save money and started this YouTube channel and I’m already with 88 subscribers. But still not enough to be monetized yet a But everyone starts from 0. Thank you taking your time to read this.
Pause at 2:12 Ash is controlling revenant? How aggressive he is? Does she have connections to his source code?
ミラージュはやっぱネタキャラかw
What's next? Are we getting a ability trailer and when?
STILL NUMBER ONE ON TRENDING YESSIR
Where's the Mirage intro 😭
Nice to see Paharah coming to Apex. Is Tracer next? Smh
1:14 best clip
Farah in apex!?! Lol
this is on trending. not trending for gaming. REGULAR TRENDING. WHAT
Everybody - 😡🤛🔫  Mirage - 🎤😫
Was that ash from TF2 or whatever her name is!!!
Makes me worried for the future of Apex Legends Arena so fragmenting the community more yeah for a game with most of its queues being 30 seconds to - 7 hours in most of its servers 2020 you tell me how smart this sounds
Just remove Olympus and all good
Dont ignore the fact they bring back mirage place
2:40   背景が青海波   和柄嬉しい
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
#1 on trending!?!! Apex Legends has come very far
Ok, it's good. But where is Titanfall 3?
I just came
Also did no one else realize that this is worlds edge
0:34 JuStiCE RaiNs fRom AboVe
For a Titanfall OG I feel like God now since they're crossing over stuff from titanfall
Хоть в трейлере работает браслет Лобы
Love this and ash
SHE SAID THE THING, FIVE BY FIIIIIIIIIIVE
楽しみで仕方ない。
*Justice rains from above!!*
Metan al protagonista de titanfall 2
FUNKJ ASHE BRUH.mp3
Can We Say The Octane Scene Was Shesh 0:49
Apex really is the Apex of battle royal
EXCELLENT 💯 💯
Hype
Bro y’all need to make horizons heirloom fr
If you ever feel useless just think about me
This was such a good promo
OOGA BOOOGA ASHHHHHHHHHHHHHH SHE'S ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!
1:14 avatar
Valk is vipers sister confirmed its is for titain fall 2 players and we all know it
ASH IS COMING BACK BOIS WOOOOOO
Apex you've outdone yourself again!
Yo the compound bow finna be sick af
guys im a real life coach and i maoe videos with really good advice. my content will change your life
I just want to know who is at the end
So she can fly or what???🤔
Should really play this game more.......🤔
As soon as my controller broke bro😭
越來越精彩了  希望可以在長一點
lol guys if you play valorant you know we were all waited for her to say welcome to my world
Guys I think I came a little
楽しみやねぇ
Aがひっくり返ってあの絵になる時なんかゾワッてなった
SHEES BACCKK WHHATT
It’s this the same robot chick from Vinson dynamics faction in titanfall 2
valorant?
don't forget to stop by my friend
2:49「螺旋丸！！」
#1 trending
is it me or is that g7 scout bangalores got, firing too fast for what it is?
Algum BR nessa loucura aqui?
Nice❤️
we gettin two legends or something?
00:21 you see that, lifeline got nerfed😣😣😣
finally crypto isnt the one getting bonked
I was thinking she was like the titan Northstar and then saw her name and was like oh there it is 🤣. Miss the titanfall 2 days 🤘🏽
正義の雨にさばかれろ！、
If only octaine could run like this in game..
This is the game that was relevant for a week
#1 on trending and warzone is #3 let’s go
When will the mobile version come ha??
Meh i don't like Valkyries attitude its  annoying.
Ashe?!!
Wraith: Mirage, Again? Me: How many times has this happened?!
3 shot burst g7 scout?
アイムジャパニーズ
i wonder how they’ll balance this
I like how every legend got their moment in this one! Even Loba got to do something cool before being punted into a screen.
MIRAGE MAINS REJOICE. HE LIVES ANOTHER SEASON
‏‏‎  ‏‏‎
Sheesh!
2:37 that new bow weapon is coming! Can’t wait to try it out!
.
So you talling me that when have viper as a legend now ok
Valk looks sick
So hows it going with maggie
FINNALY MORE STUFF FROM TITANFALL maybe I'll re download the game
ワットソンかわいいいいいいいい
Why does loba look like dua lipa in this. (Might just be me)
А не имбово?
It has more views than war zone
Animation could be a a full blown tv series
Ok cool but titanfall 3 please 🥺
Hey Activision.....this is how you do it
Anyone else notice how if you got a check next to your name and you comment literally anything you get over 1K likes💀
A new Generation upgrade would be good tho
Rampart is the only Legend who is not in this Video !
“I’m in the pipe five by five”😭😭😭
John 3 :16-17  1 Corinthians 15:1-4 Jesus Christ is Lord, repent and believe in him.
Maximum Titanfall vibes here :OOOOO
Not lifeline😫😫😫
Its a treat whenever my man Octane or Mirage is on screen
SHEEESH
ブラハだけいなくて草
I love the new style on this one. can’t wait for this season
Mirage god 1:15
She is going to be too op
Brutalll
It's berybery cool apex legacy〜🤩🤟✨
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
May APEX LEGENDS LIVE LONG 🤟🤟🏿🤟🏻
AHHHHHHHHHHH I LOVE ITTTTTTTTTT
Mirage made has really come up, didn't get blown to kingdom come this time! 🤧😂😭
Fox 2
So they bringing back titanfall multiplayer now? Cool!
wow
Its ash all of these titan fall 2 characters in this game is so cool 😎
Pathfinder the *THOT SLAYER*  1:47
0:12 anybody got memories from Viper from titanfall
That trailer looks amazing....let’s just hope the lag problems do not ruin it!!!!!!!!!!
So there's gonna be a legend ult where it's just the flight core... Interesting
Fun fact. Her father tells the main character "I own the skies" in Titanfall 2, just like she does in the trailer. Great callback for the fans since before.
bro this year is so good for gamers
Don’t forget about mobile🥺
Código do Kwai: Kwai350185061  Código do tiktok: J7068128  Código do tiktok lite: K7824296  Gratidão a todos que puderem usar 🙏🏾❣️
OOOhhh theyre adding pharra
Why does bloodhound always gets bullied in these
bro i would pay top dollars if fuse q skill was like that in the trailer
Love the trailer but how you gonna leave my favorite legend out bloodhound ? And I didn't see lifeline say anything either. Super pumped tho!
Wish we got viper or jack cooper instead😢😢
For the first time ever since Octane, I'm insanely hyped for Valkyrie to release. Viper was my favorite character in Titanfall 2; They were just... so unnecessarily anime. So this new character having Viper's helmet, and having components of their Northstar has me insanely excited.   Insta-Main for me.
Finally something good on trending
I like how every company has copied the battle pass from fortnite
ngl when Horizon was chasing Octane and destroyed his drugs, I thought she was going to be as fast as Octane for a sec and that scared me, badly.
Wraith: remember me?
It looks like at the start, they show a snowed kings canyon, and later a nighttime Olympus
Wait so who are we really getting, ash or the new girl with the bow?
TITANS AND WALLRUNNING WHEN??? PLEEEASSE THE TITANFALL FANS NEED MORE CONTENT
Focking love every character. Classic lifeline not rezzing just shooting with her teammate down next to her in the beginning lol
When will the Apex Legends Mobile be? I wanted to play it :D
Pilots, rally up, time to show what we can do in an arena
REPAIR DUOS
ApexZzZzZzzz
Great animation, but I though Horizon owned the sky.
来たー新しいレジェンド
The five day gonna be good.
Pharah in apex legends
So basically its mini Viper and her discount Northstar... I can dig it
Is Respawn animation company?
#1 on trending boios
0:34   ''i hate pharah's ult, it's so garbage man..''  wait what ?
オクタァァーン！
Whelp, time to grind.
Cool trailer 🤘🏻👌🏻
Titanfall 3
It’s just pharah from over watch with a bow and arow
Sorry, way too many nerfs to legends that didn't need it for me to play this season.  Maybe S10 you'll go back to proper form.
Why they violate gibby like that 😔
Makes sense for octane, running away from 3 people
Poor caustic he got killed again
0:12 - it would’ve been much batter if it said “Viper on station”
YES!
Alright. We need a Apex Animated Movie.
As a day 1 player I'm so happy this is getting such a push. Best BR game ever made.
wait is that Ash or someone else ? Cause last time we saw her she got smashed into a thousand pieces
Flight Core Online
They give my boy Octane more screen times and still got killed by Wattson.
The ogs remember the path wraith mirage squad
Rule34
え、日本人わ？
Ça va être génial
yes pls, another op flying legend with robo legs which give no audio...  if respawn would implement a v1.0 option, this game would be playable again, but it is just cancer for many months now. no wonder more and more ppl get back to TF2 :D including me.
Guys, hop off warzone and join us.
love the speed scenes with octane.
Ban cheaters, fix lags on the servers and SOUNDS ! Before get out a new legacy.....
Meine Oma: „Das Gute an der Maskenpflicht ist, dass man auch mal ohne Zähne aus dem Haus kann.“ 😂😂🤣🤣😂😆😂😂😂😂🤣🤣
i still dont see my ion
Yooooo ash🔥🔥🔥
wow
Make movies with this animation 🔥🔥
3 more days lets goooo
New map, New game mode, New weapon, New legend 🤩🤩🤩
Nobody gonna talk about that g7 going full auto at 0:19?
"It is measured by commitment, a single focus"  Horizon: Even though I can't aim... I gotta shoot this drone!
Day 1 of asking apex to nerf octane
I beg I pls don’t destroy lifeline
My Jack cooper blood is running through me time to end the Viper family line
And nerfs to come guys. Stay tuned.
It is written: “‘As surely as I live,’ says the Lord, ‘every knee will bow before me; every tongue will acknowledge God.’”  Romans 14:11
Go beyond Battle royale is sick!!!
This season is gonna be so fye
Octane animation was clean
멋져!!
So Jett has bow and rockets now
Let's go
Dude, Octane's run cycle looks almost better than some of the animation of Into the Spiderverse, like this trailer looked SO GOOD
"No where to run, no where to hide" - Viper
Sheeeeeesh
ну бля, вы серьезно опять вместо хорошего шлема на голове сделаете уродское лицо... Ясно
ASH IS BACK
Ash!
This game could be the best of all by far, but is EA on comand 🤦‍♂️
You can call this the arenas trailet too
JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE
Day 2 of being number 2 on trending
Only one season has passed and fuse is already getting slapped
\TrendVideoInJapan/
Ash is back boys and Titanfall is talking over now!
Thought valorant having a new agent for a second there
Ohhhhh, so that's where Ana Bray went!
4.26?!
What gun is Caustic holding at 1:15?
"Viper's got you in the pipe, five by five."
Beyond battle royal.. they’re going to add TDM game modes 100%
Однажды я куплю себе компьютер и сыграю в эту прекрасную игру!
莫三比克狗都不玩
UM THE NEW ANIMATION STYLE IS SO GOOD????
0:41だからホライゾン強いのか
I hear is that olynus???
Way to go Respawn! So much charm and personality here. Can't wait for the gameplay vid.
THAT IS ONE IN LIFETIME TRAILER !
she has robots legs I see
So Pharah is in Apex now... cool. Although everything else looks really cool.
THIS IS THE BEST TRAILER YET, THIS IS AMAZING!!!
Phara is that you...?
0:21 Bangalore full auto’d with a G7
new map new skins new lengend can anything get better
Wattson buff?
Maybe try to fix the Legacy-Bugs - would be a pleasure for everyone.
Inspired from ironman no doubt
She looks like sky from paw patrols owner
10 days
Loba: "your not the only one with fancy moves beautiful"
I guess Apex won the war
for sure, this ASH will be the next legend on apex.. i saw in legends list
1:05 funny how octane got down 1:41 and mirage walks
I love the new art style
The way they dynamically raised and lowered the frame rate has my animation brain screaming in pure joy
Best trailer ever ❤️
I forgot this game existed honestly
Havent played for almost a year now, might start again, jeez...
👎🏾🗑️💯
yes snowwww
*peacekeeper*
This was epic, just epic
I knew saving up legend tokens was worth it
Phara looks nice in this game
S3 was my fav season this might be my second favorite
welcome to apex cheter legends..
Good to see this video #1 on trending. Largest player base it's ever had. LFG!!!
Sweet, I'm a Pharah main in Overwatch. Glad they're doing a crossover.
i am so exited
Alex legends the best battle Royale hands down rn
Is it ash and viper daughter?
Viper at home:
2:40 From season 6 to 9, when will we get Revenant's competitor a.k.a Ash ?
Viewed 20 hours ago
I swear i love it
Cool pharah in apex
I want both my mains to have voice lines
ファラで草
NOOO  OCTANE
Poor gibby
I’m so excited this gave me the chills 😂
I'm in the pipe 5 by 5......OOOOOOOOOOOH
Why do i love the part when Path kick Loba in the face? XD
Nice😍😎
Everyone is commenting on the animation, but it’s just as smooth as before.  If anything the music is way more important
this is insane😍😍😍
私を忘れてた？に関してはみんながレイスよりおばさんかアミーゴを使うからだと見た
Really really Dope trailer. Hopefully the new legend needs to be statioary to attack this while mid air.
2:30 the eyes reminded me of telltale walking dead
it seems like wattson's fence is invincible before he got close to it? is that gonna be a buff? but also, the fence looks like it's off after it hit octane so is that how it's gonna work? a one time fence?
Really need to get back into this game!
first time, two legend in legacy?
WOOOOOOOOW🥰🥰💥💥💯💢
Sei que poucos vão ler essa mensagem, mas nunca vou desistir de correr atrás do meu sonho🙏 .
Let's Go Rampart !!!🔥🔥🔥😈🔥🔥🔥
ガキは他のゲームやっとけ
OWのファラやん
The old legends of apex returned
SEASON 9 IS ALMOST HERE BAYBEEE yes!
0:12 viper from titanfall 2?  2:48 ash as well?
オクタンめっちゃ壁ジャンするやん
Anyone watching this in 2021?
Pathfinder voice 1:50....pls tell me no QQ
Safemoon!!!
新キャラがオーバーウォッチのファラにしか見えない
Trust me another boring season
Fortnite and Apex are Gods in Animation of their season Reveals... This is TOP TIER
HYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYPE
0:20 G7 SCOUT TRIPLE TAP????
Pharah is that you?
My respect for pathfinder has never been higher
Вы за правило себе взяли убивать Октейна в каждом трейлере???
Seeeesh🥶🥶
first on trend
As a North star main, I have been waiting my whole life for them to add a flying character
Justice rains from above! 0:32
respawn intertaiment : peopole want play BR until 2060 . why play in deatcmatch?
HELLO
AWSOME
0:34 "JUSTICE RAIN FROM ABOVE"
SEASON 9 IS HERE...'LETS DO THIS BROTHERS'(gibby) also have a apex channel...please sub
Caustic is just straight-up getting his gas taken away next season confirmed.
Can't wait to get rid of Maggie's screeching voice.
1:06 ワットソンｶﾜｨｨｨｨｨ
Octane 😻😻😻
Does this mean its coming to mobile
Did they purposely release the same date as cod 🤔
むっちゃかっこいい‼️❗️
did i just see pharah
THIS GAME IS BEEEEEEST
やっぱオクタンかっこいいね
0:22いや蘇生しろよ
le Starcraft valkyries last heard of was in March 12, 2013  2021: *VALKYRIE   PREPARED*
this is much better than fortnite.
are we not gunna talk about how they literally put Pharah in the game from overwatch?????
New game???
At first I thought big titan fall robot is a legend at first but I’ll definitely take a flying legend
1:31 問題のシーン 「ミラージュあんた…○ね！」
1:13 Caustic aiming at Mirage: Why do I feel major de ja vous? Wraith points gun at his head  Caustic: You have got to be kidding... And the major kicker... Path saves them again
looks good, impressive, and I love Pathfinder.
No flying legends. You will ruin the game
i mean she worst then loba
0:33 『正義の雨に裁かれろ！』
this game is poopy farty face i play and the guy is like BOOOM BAM BOP and im like :dead: !!!!!!!!!!!!11111111111111111111!!!!!!!!!!!!11!111111!1!!!1!1!1!1!
Caustic keeps getting bullied by wraith
Seeing ash makes me wonder when blisk is going to show up, I mean he has to eventually right...
あと3シーズンくらいしたらタインタン出そうやな笑笑
Ey, i just realized... Mirage + Wraith + Pathfinder in 1 squad? Wasn't it shown in lunch trailer? *I feel no coincidence here :D*
1:15 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
مساحة اللعبة في ps4 عالية مرا ماقدر احملها
So it’s basically a person with a jet pack
Ооощ
Octane's section is awesome, everything is awesome ! Need an animation movie with these guys ! GG to Respawn for creating all these charismatic characters with that much variety ! :) wanna try V
Funny she has some of vipers voice lines
GOOD TONE GOOD TONE
I want Season 10 with Ash 🥵.... respawn Please
これ見てるだけならヴァルキリーぶっ壊れで草
I LOVE  this   game！！ it's  great great game！ I  don't  know  English   but   APEC S is NICE CLAUP thank you for listening My speech！
ごめんローレンチトレーラーがフレンチクルーラーに見えた
Love it
今までで一番最高に痺れた！
Anyone notice they forgot the switch in the description lol
Can't wait for the soundtrack.
Wraith, Mirage & Path are my favorite friggin trios!! Their chemistry is too good!
All my favorite characters are dead 😭
Who else ships mirage and wraith? I do
楽しみ😊
オクタ~ン
that octane run Im amazed
boba fett?
Apex got 4M in 1 day. Wow i mean usually they only get 1M in 1 day. This means how we hype we are.
Cross save when ?
its ash from titian fall 2
Phara (from overwatch) adopted sister
So the new hero is Pharah?
Well nothing cool from caustic 👍
titan fall 2   ?
チーターを何とかしてくれ
SHE SAID THE THING!
DV男→材木広和。富山県氷見市窪2530。0766-91-5145。知り合いがDVに遭ってます。助けてあげて！
Bloodhound is just not gonna catch a break huh? They died twice this trailer for god's sake
The cinematic looks great!but is it me or loba eye are weird???
Too cool
いいね
THAT OCTANE AND MIRAGE SCENE HAD ME SCREAMING  IF WATTANE AND MIWRAITH NOT CANNON THEN WHY THE TRAILER 😭😭💗💗💗
Cant wait!!!! Also totally shipping Wraith and Mirage 😀😁
Es wird krank!
Is the arenas a squad v squad mode?
(☝︎ ˙-˙ )☝︎ふぅー!!
BRO IF VALK CAN FLY THAT WOULD BE SO OPP
たのしみ！！！！わくわく！
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
Один из самых крутых трейлеров!
is the peacekeeper back to the loot ground?
Buff servers!!! Please!
amazing 😲😲😲😲
I'm looking forward to it
かっこいい！！！It’s cool🥰 !!!!!!
What is the title of this song？
So much time spent on making these trailers and nt much has changed since the games launch. RIP Apex, people use to play it :(  Really thought this was gonna be a top battle royal, it even passed Fortnite in its first season, then it died out...
Why is Valkyries ultimate so similar to Pharas ultimate from Overwatch lol??
All I want is new interactions every season , is that too much to ask?
久しぶりにレイスとミラージュとパスファインダーの絡み見た
I don't know what's happening, all I can say is cool
finally, an interesting weapon
2:23 they should make the ring of fire that high
Dogecoin baby buy it or be sorry
1:43 imagine if lobas Q was actually that fast
Titanfall in apex 👀
Get ready, I'm going to be the top
She is Ash of Titanfall 2!?
Apex legends is better then Fortnite
Justice rains from above
worlds edge plz
Fellow me guys 😚
Is apex still free?
Go back to Titanfall Apex is gay.
Can we just appreciate that Octane's wall jumps are in sync with the beat at 0:59
Respawn please see this comment as a committed day 1 player KJR83 I ask can you change the button configuration settings to be able to unbind a button as from the beginning I’ve always had the havoc melee on me whilst shooting and I can’t handle it no more I thought that the button settings might of changed at some point to be able to unbind a button but you have to change a button only I beg you please change this as I’ve been killed countless time just for using the havoc please see this comment fingers crossed 🤞
Why does wraith look so sickly?
congrats, to everyone who is early and who found this comment. ❤️👍👍
This  happening on my Bday let's gooo
ASH!!!!!!!!!
外人の✓の人が多くてエペって愛されてるんだなって分かる
" c’est la vie " 🥰
another great launch trailer
Only for arena 😁
0:52, PK comin back?
1:00 imagine if you could double wall bounce 🥺🙏
When she said "I own the sky" I teared up... I'M SORRY VIPERRRR
season 10 lets go!! waiting for ash
Being crazy 😧😧😧😧😧
Man, bloodhond rien and fire titan fall 2 !!
1:55Ash？😲Trailer video is really good！ so cool🙆⚡️
Looks dope
All i can say is               That it is fire🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Fix your server and block those cheaters first! No such thing as auto aim?
Fun fact Apex Predator's can now can fly....Let that sink it real quick
the best Apex Legends trailer 💯💯💯💯
They really should started animation series .. or a movie ..
So hype 🤯🤯🤯
新武器弓か？
pharah be like
Tell me you wwant to make titanfall 3 without telling me you want to make titanfall 3
Players snipes from a hill: I have the high ground Valkyrie mains: Are u sure about that
they are the best in making game trailers
Paunahin mo twice kura kura kung hindi ikaw barilin ko ano sige na paunahin mo na kung gusto mopa manalo
"Got you on a pipe,five by five" sounds familiar 🤔
Fuse 🥰
bro pause at 2:15 when wraith falls and look at her face.
Was that ash from titanfall 2 if that was this is the best season but if ash werent in the next season is still the best from the trailer
ay want to play now
MY BOI MIRAGE DIDNT DIE IN THIS ONE!!! (probably)
Pooo trailer foda hahaha
これが無料ゲーって控え目に言って神よな!
How can you hate this game
Man they really stick to thicc loba ...
新レジェンド金スキンカッコ良さそう
Look guys we now have Pharah from Overwatch in Apex
ファントムで鍛えた腕がなるぜ
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
okay so they have phara now
Run Octane, RUN!
Why is no one talking about the fact that when lifeline put doc out to res blood hound there was no medic shield?
0:20 G7 SCOUT SHOOT AUTO
めっちゃスタイリッシュだな
Supposedly changing Bangalore’s and Caustic’s gas so cant see be spotted as easy
Ash tho,she looks good
cringe.
So exciting!
Been looking forward to the devolution of apex from Battle royale to team deathwatch for a while !
2:42 welcome to the legathy
What if Apex Legends Tournament is only a system to egress new mercenaries to Blisks team?
楽しみすぎる！！！🥰
This game really should have a campaign
Hype
Wraith will always be the coolest animated Legend in every trailer.
Pubg
Roger Craig Smith did good job again on mirage voice acting
Are they gona go to typhoon because thats were we saw blisks card for the first time?
Pharah vibes from this one
Second trailer where mirage doesnt die
Octane died again :C
are we getting Peacekeeper back??? oh boy its gonna be fun if we do
All check marks receive clout here^
Good Job Respawn
0:33    My Brain: JUSTICE RAINS FROMS ABOVE
Pathfinder is the best
ア　ナ　ル　好　き　そ　う
関係ないけど今日誕生日だから誰か祝って
KAISA !!
low key excited trailers keep getting better and better
This is rad !!! 🇺🇸❤️
This flying thing she has is a serious disadvantage for other legends; I hope there is a limit to it.
Man octane should've wall jumped over the wattson fence
0:21ダブルタップ復活かな？
ou-
Still can’t believe this game is a thing after is crossed it’s Dan base by taking away kings canyon.
ASHHHHH-KUUUNNNNN
Заебись
アッシュが最後にエイペックスプレデターズの名のもとにいって言ってるけど記憶取り戻したの？
1:28 姐さん…！
The chills I'm getting watching this over and over. Apex never disappoints.
Ash is back
energy guns exists and theres always this one character still using a bow
Titanfall 3 official trailer (Titanfall 3 официальный трейлер)
best thriller ever
Hi phara
This takes the cake as the best apex legends trailer ever
Ma boi octane always dies
WHERE'S BLOODHOUND????
Follow Jesus Christ he loves us all repent of your sins amen 🙏🏾
This is amazing
Dayum ash thick
We better have the 3 maps on rotation
Kinda wondering where Jack is..
Fire 🔥
僕見ました クリプトがホライゾンにDVしてるところ
オクタン可哀想
Do Not Run This Website !!!!
So what day is it releasing
Close YouTube Website !
Love that drop ship line
I’m just waiting for jack to show up now
so bows next weapon yes please
Where is Jack Cooper and the 1st place Gaunlet Pilot G. Sager
I love mirage so much brooo
imagine if respawn make a movie bout this
APEX LEGENDS BEST GAME EVER!!!
The Loba scene got me good
2 ideas;   Possible to start seperate from teammates then linking up mid game?   Wattson trap actually stopping people completely????
1:22 💀🤣😂😂😂
Wraith shooting caustic after they nerfed him but allow her to run the game forever is just brown nosing to streamers and wraith try hards who raged about the gas smh
どこが日本人だよ笑
日本人おる？
I am waiting for the aceu comeback xd
Great Movie.
ICY KINGS CANYONS!!!!!
ヴァルキリーのフィニッシャー相手蹴ってから上空に上がるは流石に無いよな
pet 2 create an animated series
オーケストラ音楽
新キャラかっこいい！
Another title:dead br new trailer.
Fem promo
holly i knew it  that ash is going to be importent
Time to add air time
Remember, octane is canonically the most pro character at apex because he played three of them at once in the season 3 trailer.
Get better servers! Fix the sound- especially footsteps. Stop nerfing everybody’s favourite character/weapon and rotate maps and weapons more- this will keep your game alive much longer than adding a new legend.
I really hope the helmet is on with the default skin.
When is the new season coming out
Can't wait to play valk knowing full well I killed her dad
I absolutely want wattson fences to pop out like that. Edit: I want the default skins for Valkyrie to be two, with and without the mask
Jesus Christ loves you
Girls and SJW agenda even here in trailer
I like all in one here
WAIT! Did they really do it for lifelines passive? Her drone is reviving but the teammates still has their shield up! Yes!!!
Что они сделали с Эш?...
I cant wait!
Who was that blue girl in the end?
The real thing is nobody know ash ! She it the one who stands in a dropship
Meeh Rock'n'roll song from season 8 gameplay trailer fits a lot more to Apex than rap imo
Ocman can’t handle this abuse anymore 0:46
LET'S GOOOO VIPER RIP OFF WITH NORTHSTAR ABILITIES
on the trending page again 🙂
Isn't that  addorable video I think LAMO
1:50 Hahahahaha The best
RESPAWN İ DONT WANT SEASON 9 İ WANT TO GİVE OCTANE "Too slow amigo" LİNE WHEN HE STİMS İN BATTLE PLS RESPAWN İ BEG YOU
Great now I'm going to have to watch above more often now and hope to god I don't get krabered from a dumb angel now thanks respawning
It was brutal ✌
Miss Titans and pilots so much rn 😫
Pharah detected
Pk back in the ground boyz??
Guys somebody pls tell me when new legend dropping ?
Hm.. ash.
ASH！
I just know season 9 is going to be sick
wallet ready
I can’t wait
Still can't believe we're getting Viper and Ash lore this season
Yo I’m hyped
" remember me " 😁
I feel like there was a reference where pathy says "I love whoever came up with this new game" and he previously thought Ash was his girlfriend. I feel bad for pathy, RIP
oh nice they're adding Farah to the game
Makes me want to play apex again
they said the line
Woke game
This is AMAZING! Cuddos to the animations team!!!!!!!! This is the best the animation has ever been!!!!!!!! I LOVE THE NEW STYLE, and that octane scene was my favourite by far!
見て一番に驚いたのは画面の縦幅よ
It's cute, I'm waiting for the final soon
PLEASE UNBAN MY ACCOUNT
2:06  クリプトのスパレジェ？
they killed horizon :O
1:53 Season0 team lol
Valkyrie is my spirit animal
Oh my cat, it's really amazing! I wanna play Valk!
I bet respawn is gonna add TF3 in apex but it's gonna be like fortnite save the world
bro my account got disabled and idk why
Now THIS is a trailer trailer
Like father like daughter Rev:choke father Path:kick daughter
LOBA MAINS UNITE
Cant wait valk not here already maining
she said the thing
Wraith sounds so broken when she says "Again" she's tired of Mirage's fooling around I love it
Run octane run!
The trailer is cool and I can't wait to play next season
YOO THEY LISTENED TO THAT LIFELINE RES POST ON REDDIT!!! NOW IT HAS THE PLAYERS KNOCKDOWN SHIELD INSTEAD OF THE RES SHIELD!!!!
The important question for Respawn here     Is Ash and Revenant a couple ;))) Pls Respspawn from you
so basically she's the non-mech version of Northstar
HOJE 276 SUBS FÉ ♥ UMA SEMANA DPS DA LIKE PRA MIM LEMBRAR ✔️
Just remember.. there's always that person in front of you while waiting at the register that silently farted
Kids game
Finally some titanfall recognition I might even return to apex now
Ever since season 2 trailer my boy Octane's just been getting slapped around
Ok is it just me or is apex slowly making the apex legends from titan fall into apex legends
Okay but our Wattson and Horizon working together is so cute. (=‐ω‐=)
ミラージュの登場シーンで「お前が歌っとったんかいw」って思わずツッコミたくなったw。 バックグラウンドの青海波、カイリの日本風な感じ出しつつも、かすれた感じがロゴと合っててカッコ良い✨
#1 on trending! Apex has came from being “dead” to being one of the most popular games. So hyped for the season
SO HYPED
Wasn't Ash killed in TF2? My memory on this is fuzzy.
Honesttly gyuyss like aid otn aknwo my 0opuijnoioon but i think ittuis mtriaelr is pretty cool wnqeb tHe new season ifsis eprettync90o ngl ao yeha hopefuilly thus is true traiigkler
bruh !!!!!
I keep rewatching this it's rlly good
2:07 I can watch this all day
Best trailer so far
Hi pharah
Lets fukin gooo baby💯🔥🔥
PVとゲームの内容は最高なんだけどチーターがなぁ....
My Upcoming Predictions Changes  Pk is for loot lifeline passive change with sheild Increase ultimate damage fuse tactical watson is invisible  buff for devotion  gravity lift will be shorter fix plus more faster for bracelet loba  next upcoming lagend season 10  ash
Bruh this is a tf2 throwback. Even has the same voice lines
興奮している日本人よ！騒げ！
0:58 オクタン、カッコイイ
That day is my birthday 😃
いやくっそかっこいいし、楽しみすぎる。 はよヴァルキリー使いたい、
Poor loba
Frick off northstar don't kick Gibraltar
ITS ASSHHHHHHHH AHHHH  MY GAAAWWDDDDD The lore creeps closer and closer to Titanfall!
Call of Duty is not doing so well it’s Apex time to shine
Ngl , alternate trailer name: Apex Legends - Ash's Arena Trailer
тизер лука и пвп арен?
If y’all don’t add wall jumping Ima cry
Press F animation
There is a huge difference between this valkyrie and the one from the stories from the outlands I don't like this
I agree with everything ash said . Preach sister
やばいコメ欄公式マーク付いてる奴らしか居ねぇ
Whoever the robot lady was at 2:04 looks real similar to ash from titanfall 2...
Any Titanfall 2 players (like me) here, who know the white-masked lady? xD
Best intro since the first! Amazing
they captured the caustic nerf perfectly, I couldn't even see his gas.
Why can't APEX manage cheetahs and glitches by making such a great PV every season?
ash is alive?
Ash Ketchum? I thought me and BT squashed you into thousand pieces! How's that possible?!
Casual deathmatch?
Why no Gibby love?
#1 on trending!
Im not gonna lie, this was the best Apex trailer ever
Can't wait for the valkerie character trailer. I really want to know how the abilities work
0:55 octane mains were you at
Pharah
I am sorry but i cant fail to notice that animation has degraded in last two trailers. if its temporary due to less time issue then its fine. but respwan the old animations were too awesome
Vipers Voice Lines!
ミラージュやっぱり最高
1:03 that wattson is throwing, literally sitting solo rat piece of garbage
Its just sad that all the huge content creators get to play early while we are like : -_-
Only early people remember the custom countdown with mirage.
Solo quiero de nuevo fin del mundo :(
I'm excited to shout in my mic LETS GO😄
Och no
Que o desempregado consiga emprego, Que o doente seja curado e quem ler essa mensagens seja abençoado🙏🙏🙏😇
the best map I have ever seen
Phara 😍
now I want only a thing... Titanfall 3
i love the part of octane
AYO SHEEEEEEEEESH BRUHHH
Literally said:justice rains from above lol
Where all my Northstar homies?
In the pipe 5 by 5
Why does the rest of the battle royals genre even exist? It’s just apex. Only apex
Valkyrie reminds me of Pharah from Overwatch! Can’t wait for this new season!
I hate the new character  :(
can we get a movie/show now?
Me and the other 6 Mains crypto when we saw him Made it in the trailer: Visible Happines 😀
0:11   stop its not fraze Xcom?
Imagine if fortnite and apex collaborated and We got Fortnite skins in apex and apex skins in fortnite I would be down.
Dk how they're gonna balance valk but oh well
Spam my comments
I’m getting pharah vibes from overwatch in this new character, I look forward to it
octane best.
Best trailer they've ever put out, hands down.
So Wattson fences are invisible now
Too slow AMIGOS
Possibly the best yet. Incredible as always guys!
Last one dawn an boom boom
Wattson fences elastic?!! 😁😁
It’s pretty epic that Ash, one of the original Apex Predators like Blisk seems to be taking control of the arena. And on top of that, we now have the daughter of the legendary Viper as a playable character. I’m TOO hyped for this season!
i like the fuse who is drinking but this time are we going get two legend chars
Anyone else notice Wraith, Mirage, and pathfinder is the same team as the original launch trailer. Pretty litt if you ask me
Raze in valorant
Yeah this trailer is spicyyyy
There are 3 rules in this trailers, 1,be cool 2,octane dies 3,very cool trailer music
1:29 signs of a wingman buff? otherwise the wingman cant one shot caustic
Ash: It's time to return the legend to where it started.  Titanfall fanbase: Fu*king finally
wait they gonna add a bow to the game??
Now old Fusie shoots a Rectangle
Can we just all agree that even after...what...2 years now? Apex simply does not miss. Love it or hate it they know what they are doing.
Can i call hes heavy little Titan?
1:48 thot patrol
アッシュ。。。トリハダ
ダブルタップありがとうございます！！
Why are you killing Caustic all the time?  "Сrying Сaustic fan"
Jeez
*hits horizon with his drone* Crypto : did it hurt darling
This trailer is million times better than Warzone season 3 trailer
G7 a 3 burst now??
"You can have the ground, I own the sky"  So I guess you could say... the skies belong to her?
IT IS NOT PHARAH!!!!!1!!!11!!!!!!!!1
Pathfinder It is not simp xd
Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ who died for your sins, so you would not perish but have eternal life!
*Valk to Octane* “You need to move a little faster than that son. Speed is life.”
i luv the octane scene cos i luv playing octane!
0:55 cocktane
Fuze buff?!? Maybe
Games garbage and dead
Típico, no destruyes a los Titanes con tu mechagodzilla y mejor te dedicas a hacer videojuegos XD.
3rd in trending guysssss
You can't say "welcome to the arena" unless you have a mustache
Why does bloodhound always die early in every trailer or isn’t in it
Please bring back Lifeline’s original revive shield!!!!!! Please, I’m dying and to play with her og revive shield I can die a happy man...:(
My boy Octane got baited but other then that... THIS WAS THE COOLEST LAUNCH TRAILER I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY ENTRIE LIFE OH MY GD IM GONNA FLIP!!!
Speed is life son
Number one on trending baby woah!!!!
Looks dogshit
exCITing
Double tap trigger confirmed at 00:21
0:21 Look how they massacred my girl :(
Viper from titanfall copy but ok
弓箭！？
aaaah thats good!
PZDEEETS
Looks like we have wall running. This game is getting more intense.
Cool but not titanfall 3
Fuse buff?
*A cinematic masterpiece!* 🤯
Lol when’s Apex gonna put in a black man 😂. They got everything but a black man. ....
Is anybody gonna talk about how *MIRAGE DIDN'T DIE* in this launch trailer?   Finally got some vibe time 😎😂
JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE
Let’s gooo we’re #1 trending
I wish the fights were anything like they make it out to be in the animations oml they are so cool
Ive said from wattsons release that she needs gloves as an heirloom which she controls electricity with so while shes running shes making little electric objects and her rare animation is a zeus lightning bolt and she giggles. But in that trailer, her gloves spark and then she goes to do her finisher. God i hope im right!!
2:07
pk coming back to ground loot
horizon : shooting crypto : wack !!
Loba 😍
新レジェンドやば！カッコイイし強そう。地味にワットソンも強化されそうな気がする
Cool can I have my account back
1:28 I’m legit redownloading apex because of this scene Wraith is so bad 😍
god the nostalgia wraith mirage and pathfinder and this vid is just insane Edit: i think the double tap is back in action!!!
I like how they added so much details
So we just getting new waifu every other season say less
Wait What, she can flyyyyyyyy!!!
Pathfinders voice definitely changed
People alway say apex is dead but how apex get #1 in trending then?
Loba gets kicked by thick robot 🤖
Everyone is very seem too dangerous except Mirage(Btw he so funny for me🙃)
You were not invited to Kane's party. And that's why you're dead!  Dead or alive, you mean something to me.  Your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
Justice rains from above
Are we just gonna ignore the wraith mirage pathfinder squad? Its the same from season 0!!
Alright i can tell right now the new legend is going to be more annoying than a horizon with a spitfire
How Ash still exist when she get smashed in small robot pieces from BT.
Is it me or did ash get respawned from titanfall 2 and got hair? And a copy of vipers helmet? And why does she use vipers line?
I just need solos to learn the game slowly withouth feeling like a baggage to my other teammates
Literally scuffed Pharah
今回のレジェンドは日本人ですか🇯🇵🤔
Oh my god I'm so excited, getting Valk as soon as she comes out, who's with me?
Lobas tac is ment to move her? I thought it was a self inflicted ministun to assert dominance
Why dont they supplement the lack of wall running with wall jumping. That'd be a nice replacement without being overpowering, i think.
Crypto is goin to be lit 🚀
ashe returns and the mention of the apex predators? my titanfalls are tingling
正義從天而降!!!
Love the trailers and teasers
the animations just got better every season
I'm excited about this event 😍🔥🌹
My boy Revenant needs more screen time
Everyone’s talking about the animation and interactions and stuff, and those are all great, but I’m more interested in the titanfall tie ins. One of which being: ASH IS ALIVE?! And the other: SHE’S VIPER’S DAUGHTER?!
People calling her Pharah are have grape sized brains.
never ending chase smh
Man, animations man. They need to make the movie or something. Or Titanfall 3 game. That would be jaw-dropping.
楽しみ。
"In the Pipe 5 by 5."   XCOM WAR FLASHBACKS INTENSIFY
Respawn does such great trailers! so so good! very excited for arenas and not being third partied (hopefully)
Animations are great but it looks kinda rush as well as some scenes and also hype for legacy.
Melhor trailer
You know it’s a sick trailer when I’m here watching it for the 4th time 😊
This trailer is amazing! UPD: I take it back. When through the patch notes, this is insane. You nerfed Horizon, I switched to Octane, now you nerfed Octane, I don't have another character I could use as a replacement. I will prolong my break from the game till season 10 or more until there is at least 1 fun to play legend that is not nerfed af.
Are we just going to ignore the fact that Bangalore is full autoing the G7 scout in the beginning?
We are hyped! Can't wait!
Hold up 2 new legens?? And a bow?!
give wattson tactical proximity detection! it's goood
So exciting! Make movies now muwahaha
All of these characters are so cringy
#1 En Tendencias
New legend literally phara from overwatch
Pathfinder be on thot patrol
Эмм ааа где русскийе😅
ボルト、ピーキー持ちホライズンがrasさんにしか思えん
Peace Keeper returning???? Please bring it back i miss wing man and peace keeper
I'm  So thrilled.
PVで使ってる曲の名前とか載せて貰えるともっと良いなと思うんだよね。
Can’t wait tillll season 9
The animation has improved so much!
PLEASE DONT JUST BE A BATTLEPASS. I've been waiting for a non tactical non br shooter that has a healthy playerbase with a comp scene. Overwatch is overwatch. Team fortress 2 has bots and dead comp scene. titanfall 2 is fun but i dont like titans and no ranked. I've been dreaming of an arena shooter that can land and I think respawn is the most likley to succeed. I like normal apex, but can't stand br's anymore.
トレーラー無駄にカッコ良すぎ
Let’s just hope the servers are as good as this trailer next season 😭😂
すげぇ
this game is dogshit
1:10 eso quiere decir que ya no hay wattson x octine :,v?
2:05
Havoc selectfire? Yesss
Always think it's cute when they think Watson actually "counters" Octane..... 😂😂😂
why they do loba like that 😭
😍😍😍😍
Me the whole time: SAY THE LINE SAY THE LINE SAY THE LINE
No one gonna talk about how amazing the animation was? Just so smooth and beautiful
よき
Guys who was the last person on screeeeeeennnn ;-;
Valkyrie suddenly sounds a lot like Ana bray...
Rip octane :(
とりあえずオクタンかっけー(*´▽｀*)
This makes me happy to be a mirage main
Can't wait to code:net, then code:leaf, then crash as I'm in top 3 all while playing on 20hz  hamster servers with bad net-code. Season Legacy indeed.
THAT WAS SO AWESOME GAME I LIKE IT AND I LOVE APEX COOL
FIX THE SERVERS i died to lag during a 2v1 I shoulda won yesterday
anyone else notice how bangalores g7 almost shot like an automatic lol she got 3 shots off in the first burst, you can see all 3 hit bloodhounds knockdown shield
They introduce horizon to introduce flting character how interesting
正義の雨に裁かれろ！
Funny how the worst-managed games have the best trailers.
yeah this is all good and dandy but what about the servers EA.
im getting some weird future titanfall 3 hints coming up....
New place for mirage
Bloodhound missing
The first line of Valk sounds the same like the "Drop Ship" from the first Star Craft game.
I hope valks ult is just the sound ripped from the titanfall viper boss fight when he uses his core
ok time to upgrade my PC now xD
So pharah and hanzo... Hmmmmm
POG
will the audio ever be fixed??? cool video  tho
What I love about trailers is that there aren't any smurfs
“I’m in the pipe, 5x5” 😫😫😫
Pathfinder ain’t no simp
Valkyrie *flies and say she owns the sky and tells some legends you have no where to hide* Octane : Gas Gas Gas.? Bangalore:Smoke? Horizon:*yOu mIghT neEd A bLacKhoLe , wE aRe selLing iT fOr fRee* Caustic: Rampart:*sheila noises* Bloodhound:sCan? Wraith:pHasE rUnning Mirage: i did, and i also bamboozled you Revenant:siLence Loba:rIng? Fuse:dEh mOtherlode Gibby:bombardment? Lifeline:*why are we here for, just to suffer* Crypto: *drone goes boom boom* Wattson: my ulti?
Oh no Pharah is here
Can't wait to play her on the laggy servers against the ddosers and hackers
Why did they have to do wraith like that smh
Are we not going to talk about how hilarious that mirage was? Or maybe u did?
Im sorry but I hate valk so much her personality is so annoying
next legend like ironheart
LEEEEEZGAAAAAAAwwww
Is no one gonna talk about how on earth did vipers helmet got on typhons moon in the north star vidoe
I'm ready for a relapse
0:46 自分用
1:13 watch me noooowwwwwww
Bruh, Bloodhound just kept dying in this trailer 😭😭
Wait, if this is going to be an Arena gamemode... does that mean wallrunning will be a thing?
So u can turn wattson fences on and off?? Also the PK is back???
Buzz-Phrah to the Games and Beyond!
Nooooooomms esta buenisimoooooo, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :) <3
Did path get a new voice actor?
Pharaoh?
wait so what??? in game theres basically 60 players fighting, and now we only see just the "legends" fighting each other? so who are the other dudes? clones? or is this trailer just to showcase interaction between them?
2:14 XD
It just feels like this is the last season really, or maybe next season is where all the lore comes to an end
急上昇1位(º ﾛ º๑)!!!(º ﾛ º๑)!!!(º ﾛ º๑)!!!
Rip octane literally every trailer
oh worlds edge  how i've missed you
New wraith skin?
When will be the beta testing start in India for apex legends mobile?
Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder, the OG squad
I wonder what happens when they die in the games, do they just boot back up into the lobby and blame their teammates?
“The skies belong to me, no where to run, no where to hide”
Justice rains from above
Loba’s bracelet working fake news
This game is insane..
1:49 bien merecido leyenda de mierda la loba
I mean Legend. Valkyrie.
I was about to give up on apex but they did it TITANFALL 2 REFENCES BABYYYYYY
bows??  BOWS??? 👀👀
Octane jumping off wall will be dope asf especially if you got mfs flying. Thinks it’s only gonna be new map and flying character and the melee on the game blows me
Let's GO!! APEX!!
New agents.
Show the strength of your resolve, break free from the chains of resolution, taste the blood of vengeance, don't hold back. This us what it means to be an apex predator. To those who dare challenge the top apex predators, be dedicated and determined to put the time in reaching that goal. See you in the arena, or die trying to qualify.
These animations just keep getting better and better
peacekeeper 😍
0:33 that will be cool for Loadscreen...
"I belong in the sky, and you  *belong IN THE GROUND!* "  -Some pilot
Since when did wattson fence turn to rubber
Here I thought people would be comparing Valk to Pharah a lot more in the comments.
As always mirage,wraith and path be carrying
Best
"Good tone Good tone"
That was everything I love about octane... Except the getting folded part.
Oooohh fancy
Мираж тор
We getting a longbow??
Valor ants sounds ... familiar
There's a lot to love about this trailer, definitely the best of the legends interacting with eachother  but my favorite part might be when octane stims, it really gives a feeling of speed.
well apex legends trailer get more hyped and good by seasion can wait for legacy seasion
Valkyries Hot 😳
Please tell the release date of APEX LEGENDS MOBILE
Now if only apex ran on my pc again
What’s up with her eye
dayum every single trailer is getting better and better more interactions with all legends better action with humor combined like the Mirage, Wraith and Caustic scene and now time to wait for the S10 Launch Trailer
PEVER!!@!!
Voodoo one. Valkyrie... on station. Your journey ends here legend. You can keep the ground; I own the sky.
When Mirage was the best part of the trailer
PLEASE MAKE APEX A SHOW ID WATCH IT EVERYDAY
なんで急上昇1位なのに日本人コメント欄にいないんだ？
Want a full auto G7.
日本人いるかー？？？
This map looks too good to be true
Aye the Valkyrie units in Starcraft have the same voice line what’s going on here that Idk about
Why does wraith look so dead lol
John 3:16-17 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 17. For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
That icy place is world,s edge
2:40 gave me chills
Dang number 1 trending
foda
The ash dreads tho
Who else loved watching horizon getting slapped with the drone?
This is becomming overwatch
Over watch
What's the weapon 0:20, Bangarole using？
exelente!
*flight core engaged*
If Octane had wall running, that would be sick
todo bien menos esa estupida que sale al final xd
i actually laughed at the mirage scene, GG
Lol y’all think Horizon is broken because she can levitate for a few seconds? Valk can FLY
Revenant doin his part in the apex community 🤠👍🏿
God just give me tf3
Congratulations, this is #1 on trending
I wonder what valks town takeover would look like
will have the mobile version?
lets the game bigin
own the sky? Horizon nerf incoming?? w
まって？？？？？？？？？？？？ンン、まって………………………………………………まって……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………しんど…
It’s looking a lil cartoony which I don’t like but it’s still cool none the less
Not well, the drawing is cool
珍しく生き残るミラージュ
Opaa puede ser pa que tengamos como lengenda a Ash y a la otra
なんか可愛い気がする
Everybody see a snow covered Olympus?
no one wanna talk about how octane wall jumped
What's this song? pls tell me.
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK......
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK......
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK......
Well so no one gonna talk about ashe?
2:44 is that ash from Titanfall I watched my brother play the entire campaign like 4 years ago and he said ash is the hardest to fight I took him 5-15 try's so yeah
1:27 “Remember Nerf?”
First time seeing Wraith so chatty...
At 0:20 bangalore full-auto's a G7 somehow.
So she’s if viper wasn’t a titan
Wait, Mirage didn't die?
Pharah? Ok no
Now if u think about it , gibby and his team would have survived that attack if he domed, but he didn’t
Jetpack plus high speed equal my new main
Another female????
Soooo.... Legend backstory quests??? Yes I only thought of this from what ash said
Ich bin der beste apex Spieler (objektiv)
1:50 KAYKYOIN!!!
Mirage es el mero merga
I love mirage. Can't stop laughing lol
So nobody is going to talk about 2:06
Lol I love the wraith,mirage,path trio
Is it just me, or is the animation style way different?
Octane just did a wall run but short
Why must octane die
Have never been so happy from a game trailer🤧🤯
Cool
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK......
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK......
This video screams badassery. Or some other word... idk
Kwai908993281 deem uma força la
it is a movie🤩🤩🤟🤟
😳 wow just wow this is it, this is apex legends I felt a chill down my back and I'm pretty sure no one else felt that for a long time from apex its getting real now
I think Ash gonna break the games just like her mind
That's great but bring back solos.
2:33 I remember Dota 2's Lion voice line here.
Respawn really needs to consider making a series for netflix or something cause the animation is too crisp for them not to
😘
oh siii hermano apenas vuelvo a apex este año y ya vienen con todo esto no me lo esperaba pero no me quejo
2:20 Oo i see fuse's fire ring is much taller
Apexrant
Dopee.....it make mayhem look likes child's play now
알겠으니까 핵 좀 잡아 좀
飛べてミサイル出せるとかファラやん
Bows and arrows in apex legends 😱😱😱.
Oh boy, you already kno what the rule 34 guys r gonna make now
Ахуенно
can't wait for the new season. Valkyrie is amazing
Justice rains from above
If your reading this I want you to know anything is possible if you have a dream chance dont let nobody tell you other wise.  on the road to 1ok🎗🎗🎁🥳÷
is this a battle royale reinventing a lobby shooter? we might have gone the full circle
that was freaking amazing cinematic love it when they do that. I'm even more stoked watch out for me on the battlefield sonic octane allstar!
I can’t wait to use vipers helmet on Valkyrie Edit: yes, I know it’s technically valks now
Yes!!!
やべぇ
Now, that's what I'm talking about....  Finally something to look forward too.
Fun fact: every legend was shown in this trailer.
Man octane was so close to surviving in this one
So is the G7 getting double tap back
Is that worlds edge
"Speed is life pilot"
do you like my name?
Valkyrie ripped off fuse at the end
Life is good!  Hope it comes with the many fix to the servers too! :)  Good job Guys!
Peanut butter
0:34 flight core baabyyyy
I really like how a robot punch our lady lord Loba😘😍. No Apex Legends Man should touch her. 😇💕😍
apex la rompe con cada nueva seasson
I like them adding in more violence in this trailer then usual!
The trailer reminds me of season 1, and 2
Crypto nerfs horizon with the drone haha
a bow...wait a BOW? A BOW???A BOWWW BOIIISSSS!!!!!
0:11 vipers got you in the pipe five by five
On 26th? I have 11 more days left🤔
This trailer show that the nerf of caustic it's real.
What is it tho
Pk comback ??
ITS LIT!!!
So I have four days to farm legen tokens yeah that’s more then enough time to do so
Holy it's pahrah from overwatch
4 more days 4 more days 4 more days!!!
0:47 by boy octane is the the goat
Nobody gonna mention Loba getting absolutely wrecked
But we haven't gotten a male character in a while to be honest.
Possible titanfall themed season upcoming?
0:41 Viper raised a good child
Top 1 trending😳
オクタソがﾊﾟﾀﾝ手倒れるとこかわいい
At 0:21 - 0:22 the g7 fires 3 rounds consecutively, do you think its possible for a burst hop up to show up?
ワットソンかわええ
Don't callsign what he callsigned! - Harold stocker
Bruh this Octane running scene was so clean, i've been expecting some more epic finish than this.
I understand that the apex community is big but what about all the titanfall players out their just waiting for titanfall 3
More than just a battle royale. Definitely the direction this game needs for its future, especially since we aren't getting titan fall 3 anytime soon 👌🏾.
yo is there 2 new characters?
number one on trending again MFs!   seriously, ya'lls trailers are the best ever. other game better take notes!
Imma just one thing octane movement is to crazy you toooo slow amigo
Anyone have to whatch this 5 times to comprehend everything that just happened
Watch, all the little babies are gonna complain about valk and they’re gonna make her useless, or only able to fly for like 5 seconds every 10 minutes :/
Instead of “i own the sky” it should have been “the skies belong to me”
Add rank to titan fall pls
ash next next legend?
Ash?
POV: Every time you see your favorite Legend, you pause/slow down/ go back 5 seconds to see it again
BRO LOOK ITS PHAROH FROM OVERWATCH
from the trailer it looked like a dva rip off w the mech but looks like we're getting a pharah ult🥰
trash really
日本人コメントしなさい
If they put a bow in then I will forget my save and cosmetics on Xbox and play for once on PC. RIP money. Do it for the bow.
Horizon: so you going to take the sky from me
Season X is here, and the world is destabilizing, FAST. But, don't worry! That means there's a ton of new ways to play Fortnite. From the B.R.U.T.E., a new 2 player vehicle that packs some serious firepower, to mysterious rift zones, that alter your favorite POI's in unexpected ways. Huh, that's weird. Season X delivers new experiences for all players to enjoy. There's new places to explore, secrets to uncover, and the world you play today may not be the same world you play tomorrow. In addition to all-new gameplay found in Season X, there's also a brand new battle pass, that will introduce new dimensions to some of your favorite Fortnite characters in ways you've never seen before. And at tier 100, you'll unlock Ultima Knight. Plus, don't forget, there's new emotes, gliders, wraps, and more to earn as you advance through the pass. The battle pass is available right now, for just 950 V-Bucks. We'll see you, in-game.
Praying for Titanfall 3
Your journey ends here legend the skies belong to me
With the new flying Legend Valkyrie are players gonna exploit another AC130 Rampart
Number one on trending nice
Who else is watching this 5 times?
Great video
And let's hope they fix the disconnect problems. I love this game from season 0 until now.
this make me wanna play apex again 🤭
the best trio 😁
So its phara from overwatch
I love being a mirage main
To management I sincerely hope that cheating will be eradicated. Aim to create an environment that everyone can truly enjoy
Mirage will still be mirage .
My theory valkiey is related to viper and when Viper died she took his helmet also she says “fox three” , and in tf2 Viper says that which kinda backs up my theory
ヴァルキリー可愛くなってね？笑
YES IVE BEEN WAITING FOR A BOW IN GAMEPLAY SINCE TITANFALL 1
I really hope peace and prowler go back to the ground.... is valkyrie gonna be able to fly?
CD
I don't know why I'm here
Mirage = great value deadpool
NEW GAME HYPE🔥🔥🔥🔥
Looks like I have a new main
Pharra?
Us her finisher gonna be her lighting the downed opponent on fire kinda looks weird in my mind🤣🤣
Hope peacekeeper is on the ground
Respawn's animation improving with each trailer is just so awesome to watch, that Octane scene was such a joy to watch.
胸アツやわ！！！！！！
Alguien habla español ???
Makes me so happy to see how far APEX has come, definitely showed call of duty what’s up haha stole all its players and I was a die hard CoD fan boy before this game haha
オクタンかっけえなあ
I loved that design
Vipers child and a cool trailer 🥶
Ash new legend for season 9? PLZ!!!🙏
this is just perfect champ for guys who played hanzo most
pk
You didn't watch this once 😏
Is this new agent?
Nice
They added pharah to apex guys!
I love sound truck
isnt ash dead though?
that octane scene bro who else love it ?
02:46 is this ash's sister? :v
Animation quality is top notch 👌
Inoske
To think there’s 3 more trailers coming..
You’re a try hard Valk, you’ll never be your father!
老子的《道德经》上说：“飘风不终朝，骤雨不终日。孰为此者？天地。天地尚不能久，而况于人乎？”凡是热烈的事，都是来得猛烈也消退得迅速，这是无可奈何的自然规律，虽然这并不是我们期望的。  时下婚姻有个七年之痒的说法，在一起时间久了，爱情就退潮了，取而代之的是天长日久培养出来的亲情与责任感，后面数十年的婚姻，就是靠这个在维系。  其中亲情培养的深浅与自己的做人方式密切相关，完全融入对方的生活及家庭、家族背景之中，与他们血脉相连，息息相关，这亲情才稳固，这才拥有真正难以撼动的地位。不要只是把婚姻寄托在爱情之上，爱情就像容颜一样，是个经不起消磨的东西。虽然说出来有点难以接受，但这是事实。有一些女孩子利用爱情，老想着将他从他的家族背景中剥离出来，从此属于自己一个人，这就是天大的错误。这样的爱情与婚姻是最不稳定的，经不起任何风浪。  女孩子嫁人，首先应当看对方是否有责任心，而别把宝单独地押在爱情上面。一个没有责任心的男人，这会儿在荷尔蒙的刺激下爱你爱得要死要活的，等新鲜劲儿过了，或容貌己老、爱情退潮之时，他什么事都干得出来。这世间诱惑太多，没有谁有常胜的资本。即使你倾国倾城、颠倒众生，可天天吃着大鱼大肉、山珍海味的人，也难保不惦记着邻居家的酸腌菜。人之所以能够守住承诺，更多源于责任感。  看一个人有没有责任心，在一些小事上就能观察到，比如对他（她）周边熟悉与不熟悉的人，他（她）是不是有恻隐之心、有包容心；在一些事情处理上是不是有担当；对一些事的评论上体现他（她）什么样的价值观。我有个朋友相亲，刚好那天我也在。许多人在一起喝茶时，偶尔谈起乞讨的人，那女孩子一脸的不屑，说那些人根本不值得同情，自找的，而且分析得条条是道。因为我的朋友是很重视家庭亲情的一个人，所以我就劝他不要开始。我告诉他，这个女孩将来与他的家庭处不好的，因为她缺乏起码的怜悯与体谅。但他贪恋女孩的美貌，没将我的话听进去。两个人谈了两年，相处下来，女孩与他的父母哥嫂如同冤家，本来比较开明的一家人，非常激烈的反对。弄得双方都受伤害，最终不欢而散，也算是结下一段孽缘。  再则男人对他父母的态度是最具决定性的，从这里可以看出一个人最本质的人性。世间没有什么爱能大得过父母之爱，如果连对父母之爱都感受不到的人，他对你的爱情退潮之后，同样于你对他的爱熟视无睹。他哪一天变心之后，你也别指望着用感情去打动他。而且不孝的人是没有福报可言的，是排除在天地的保护伞之外的人。这种人是没有前途的、非常危险的，是不能托付终身的。
she white now?
You ima be hyped if we get a bow weapon bc I love using things like that
I actually had hope that for once that octane would survive
2:35 So cool
THERES ONLY ONE LIFELINE SCENE
1:47 Path isn’t a simp
epic
Epic
THANKKKK GOD her alt is not a titan that would break the meta sooo bad
I wish they didnt make ash's face too feminine. So annoying
can't wait for Apex Legends Legacy i'm happy that its coming out on my birthday
every new trailer apex releases always gets me hyped this is the only game that has been this consistent with hype with every single release trailer for me
Pls nerf horizon
poor octane
Justice rains from above
What a trailer. Sheesh
YouTube should disable the dislike feature. There’s no point in having it when bots are programmed to dislike videos and some people are so miserable they leave a dislike on everything. Imagine thinking free speech means braindead dislikes. Remove the feature and comments as well.
New Legend? or just event
Love how they made it a comedy trailer watched it again and again
pathfinder solos nooooooo capppp
2:13 best part in the trailer
Bruh I miss playing apex
What can I say I love OUR Family😭💕
rekt by horizon and wattson
The word pilot used to mean something
Viper : I own the skies Valkyrie : I own the sky  shE SAID IT EVERYBODY !!
I can’t wait, can’t wait, can’t wait, can’t wait
Finally. I can now play this new legend with 200ms
Why is my boy octane aways dying in this types of trailer 😭
Loba: Your not the only ones with moves beautiful.  Pathfinder: Laughs in hit box*
Knockdown shield looks better
No one is gonna talk about the fact the compound bow was hinted at 2 seasons ago and now she's using it?
3 days let s go
I want to play season 9 now lol
mirge is not dead!!!!!!
wow nice esh
WoW
I wonder if were gonna be able to use our knockdown sheilds when the  new lifeline rez comes into play. It will actually make knock downs worth picking up if you think about it
I'm sorry but wraith screaming is a slightly pleasant thing to me
I do believe that the octane part was the best I watched it like 10 times
Is this like vipers daughter? And ash!!!!! I should have been paying more attention to apex
ローバーのジャンプドライブ硬直無くならないかなぁ
Remember meeeeee
これは期待..
Is this a hint that we’re gonna get some Miraith voice lines?? 😳
What's the name of the song?
I dont main octane, and im not PC.  But I hate watching him die.  Feel like my cousin just got caught up and killed lol.
Got him in the pipes, five by five
The caustic disrespect 😕
Wait so is this game becoming more then a battle royal because I don't like battle royal but if we get an old school back and forth point match system or cap the flag I will 200% re-download the game and probably spend way too much money XD
Bro the animations looks alot different
So I guess Wally changing color every trailer is their new running joke huh?
SO Awesome HOLY VIPER MOLY
5 by 5 that brings back memories
The one counter to caustic
So many squadW moments
there are alot of possible abilitys what yall thinkabut a legend able to fly at any time they want?
OOOH I CAN'T WAIT BABY!!!!!
This Trailer is awesome, but why do they have to do Caustic like that?
Even in the trailer, Horizons gravity lift is quiet... guess it’ll never get fixed.
Hype
急上昇1位おめでとうございます🎉
Ahhhhhh ash is here babie
2:47 it's ash from Titanfall 2.
a
POGGERS
Valk:*Said Vipers Lines*  Viper:*Proud Dad moment*
are they actually gonna realease a main mode thats not battle royale? this is exactly what I wanted
So where are the titans
Why do the eyes kinda bulge out in this trailer, especially with fuse at the end, those things looked loose
The background song is lit, way better then the original one
There's the lifeline nerf. At least you can still use shields
Kakyoin is mentioned in one of these scenes
apex NEEDS  a campaign
Octane and mirage scene was the best part
yeah she's gonna be broken lol
Never showing love to Octane, tsk
0:12 I don’t care if Valk is complete bottom tier, take my money.
💜💜💜🤤👌
Hoje eu estou tão feliz, pq a pessoa que ta lendo esse comentário, é abençoado e cheio de luz 🌌🇧🇷...
Grace is never once
Beautiful
Alright this really reminds me to love apex all over. This was amazing guys, keep it up. 😍😍😍😍 I'm so excited
Give daddy revenant some love😩
1:15 😍😍😍
this was animated differently
This looks like an Overwatch trailer.
Boi I need to need out about this so badd
anyone else see horizen with a normal PK? looks like my baby is ground loot again
Wow!! Wattson has a switch, doesn’t she?
Dude, my boy Octane cannot catch a break, Jesus Christ
バックの青海波が堪らんね！
So many Viper references, I need more of that helmet in my life.
0:32  PARAH?!??!?
valkyrie taking after her father in owning the skies is one of the the most important things in this
Ash?
Focus, Fight, Win
That's cool qnd all but where my main guy Bloodhound at?
T
急上昇1位おめでとうございます🎉
I am so ready to main Valk 🥰😍
1:51 ♪Path and Ash sittin' in a tree...♪
My wallet is ready!
mirage best legend (in are hearts)
اووووه اقوى اعلان بالأنتظار سوف اصرف اموال كثير للحصول على متعه وأسكنات اقوى منافس 😍
Ayo pharah in apex legends confirmed?!
_Cheater uses flight core midgame_
Is that ash
Is there some buff of Wattson?
Mirage is               Deadpool technically
Not only do we get Vipers daughter but we also see Ash make a return. Titanfall fans are dying right now
bro anyone notice Octane literally gets gibbed every video.
This gives me first apex trailer vibes
1:52   The original trio. These guys are the main characters of this storyline to me.
Are we gonna ignore fuses cluster being really big, short, and creating fire as well? Maybe a fuse buff...
Valkyrie and Crypto would make a good couple ☺️
So is this a new game or a tv show coming out?
Titanfall fans where ya at?
YOOOOO
I got chills down my spine
Mobile ❤️
Can’t wait to get back into it
Todo bien ahora solo falta jugadores 😅😂🤣😂
Valkyrie? Are you kidding me,i don't hate the character idea,but come on man she is taking viper's style and she twisted it in to fit her.
Ain't nobody gonna talk about Ash ?
A bow🤔🤔🤔
Every release gradually becomes more cringey
2:04 Potato aim
Loba's face just before Path stomps her is just brilliant.
This is exactly why respawn entertainment is the goat
I thought this game was dead but look at it now number one on trending let’s go
Is it just me or does that robot lady sound like ash from Titanfall 2.
They should have given Valk her dad's quote as a throwback, her saying "The skies belong to me..." Would have been ten times better
trap music is such garbage
Let’s go #1 on trending. This games future is looking bright fs.
ARENA, STORM BOW, SICK LEGEND? IM ALL FOR IT.
I bet that guy I met at micro center watched this already
Is the Game fixed?
I wish if you can add the money mood from Call of Duty war zone
SHE SAID IT
ash?
Justice Rains From Above!
bro mirage singing is goofy lol
Ratio
Arena gameplay on my birthday that’s such a cool present
Can we all just take a moment and realize how dope the apex logo looks upside down 😌😌😌
why does valkyrie look less asian in this trailer, they made her white :/
They are building up to Titans
source filmmaker love it. But  SGI cry for vouching is animation fuze face
0:12 "I'm in the pipe. Five by five"... Please tell me somebody here played StarCraft and got that Terran: Wraith reference. Lol.   "Wraith awaiting launching orders"...
im in the pipe five by five! nice reference
Loba getting kicked sounded like when you get hit in the head with a kickball
No mames en español
Ok the trailers are sick, and I love the game, but what’s up with the footstep sounds still?  They seemed to finally be improved for a bit and now back to pretty much silent again.  Is this being fixed permanently soon?
lets go new season more fun
APEX TO THE MOON
If y'all didn’t know the north star is a titan in titanfall 2 which the core does launch a bunch of rockets like you saw in the start of the trailer and the ultimate of the new character might become it and Valkyrie is the little girl of viper (the North Star titan pilote) that is actually a titan pilot too                 This took me some time to write lol
Imagine still playing this game
POGGGGGGG
NOO THEY KICKED GIBBY STOPP STOP GIBBY ABUSE
So Valk stole Fuse's line, in his own face
OOOOOOOHH I'M SO HYPED!!! THIS HAS SO BE MY FAV TRAILER SO FAR!!!!
That's Ash at the end I'm pretty sure.
wait? pharah?
This trailer is lit
Hey everyone, i’m starting a youtube channel about Apex content, you’re support would mean the world to me. Games are us92. Thank you❤️❤️
are they hinting peace keeper back on the floor ? 👀
なんだろーガスおじ殺すのやめて貰って良いですか？
Booo...Still no special highlights like "No more aimbots or hackers"
0:55 Faide move
The amount of disrespect in this trailer is crazy 😭
Not going to lie that Mirage part was funny
Just noticed, Wraith had the sweaty loadout, the wingman + r99
Gud
new season new bug
I like how pathfinder says “I love whoever made this new mode” and ash made it. It’s funny because they’re a couple in the book
Plot twist  valkyrie will just be shot outa the air like in cod
Fuse in the trailer has like 34kills. godlike skills bro
Bro wraith and ash look so scary but in a good scary way like fire if u know what I mean
Im excited for this next one, awesome trailer Respawn!
1:30 Wraiths voice actor changes
Why is it looks like world edge is here along with the other two map
Sickest trailer of them all tbh.
Why did she look like pharah from overwatch
that ashe????
I just started playing this game am I supposed to know who the person at the end is??
The new animation style looks soo fluid I love it 🔥🔥🔥🔥
WRAITH IS SO BADASS😍😍😍😍
This trailer was absolutely amazing, honestly hands down one of the best trailers I’ve seen for a game, even without all the hype. This is one of the many reasons I love this game.🥺💕 great job Respawn!
No Crypto or Bloodhound? Wack
Thank you and God bless
Fortnite trash kid dislikes this new trailer
オクタン可愛そう
" JUSTICE RAIN FORM ABOVE " lol  0:34
i knew this kind of ultimate will come, a cluster rocket launchers
Gotta love the titanfall stuff coming. No where to run, no where the hide.
New map new map new map new map new map. Buy all the things but all the things
OG Apex trailer squad is here!
new map or new world's edge?
New map in the back?
0:20 double tap trigger coming back ???????
Goood😍
Me just casually singing in the shower  *my dad coming in without knocking*  1:15
Please let that bow be legit if it is look out people I will be dangerous with it
they just wont stop teasing titanfall 3. Watch, one of the easter eggs is probably BT
The hype is real!!!
Hey ollie, you regret stop playing apex yet?
mirage voyage is going to be in night time olympus!!! At 1:41
I am so putting dedication into this season because of what Valkyrie means to me. She’s the closest to titan fall 2 as we can get! I’m so excited!!!!
beautiful
Why is no one talking about my boy mirage just having a good time while everyone is dying around him
They fly now? They fly now
Perfect time for pathfinder to say: EXCITING!
0:21 look how freaking fast that bangalore shooted .-.
I know it sounds like I’m just riding on octane but that scene was pretty sick
Nice of them to have a trailer that isn't revenant being killed
Aye yooww the animation is sick Btw
voodoo 2
I was happy when we got to see Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder as a trio since the first animatic.
Imagine if when you use valkyrie’s ultimate it plays viper’s flight core sound effect. The bass that makes your ears rings 😅.
Never miss with these trailers bro
pk is back!!!!!! i'm glade cause the mastiff is not a ground floor loot gun its should be a heirloom gun
new overwatch updates looking good
Why does Mirage sound like Carl Wheezer when he sings?
Northstar?
These animations just keep getting better and better and better and better and... did I mention they just keep getting better? Because they do!
apex legendZZZ
@0:20 is nobody going to question how Bangalore has a fully Automatic G7?! Does she have a new passive or something?!
Valkrae is so much different than the outlands video she just feels like her whole personality changed
If there's no nordic outfit for valkyrie or the bow we cancel apex lol
2:08 is actually so cool
Pharah lol
LETS GOOOOO
Loba got rekt😂
ミラージュ出るとほっこりするわぁ
ash?
Favorite trailer yet
Uffas la mami northstar
This was a good trailer, but the animation was a little jolty and finicky.
Loba
With new art style, their eyelids stands out much
oh i love the colors of purple
Sick trailer… thanks for using our song “Watch Me Now” !!
ash is back aaah scary face
It's bout to get *LIT* 💥🔥
Hi
nice trailer, bad music...
I wanted a titan
Mandalorian vibes
Valk: you can have the grounds I own the sky  Horizon mains: ....wut
Pog
0:34 “Visual clear, I’ve got good tone”
@xb1al:：🙏🏼❤️WAIT STOP❤️🙏🏼CHRIST DIED FOR YOU ON THE CROSS AND HE WANTS YOU✝️PLS TURN TO HIM AND START A REALITIONSHIP WITH HIM❤️GOD BLESS U!
Broo the compound bow
plastic surgery make real human.
When valk goes to gibby it looks like the ult from phrah from overwatch
This Trailer is by far the best out of the other trailers 🔥💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯🔥🔥🔥🔥
I hope jack cooper will be on the trailer soon
this isnt viper me angy
Its the girl from overwatch
Hi Zoey Foxis Here and that's me at 2:06 since I have the most finishers on crypto
theres a bow now
Apex gone downhill
Can't believe I just got into this game.
This is gonna be good
He'll yeah we getting a bow
That Octane scene gave me Into the SpiderVerse vibes 😂
YES SNOW
Yo, this new new graphics engine looks sick! I can't wait!
NEW MAP !!!!!!!!!!!!
Bro I think I came
good
2:06 when my girl tells me no
The lie how about Crypto works with his drone .... Sad
basically its two minutes of the characters being teammates and then a minute of people being stalkers
Did mirage just pull a gun out of thin air....
number 1 on trending no way
It is cool and all, but I still love Titanfall. But if there is an event or a new update with Titans in Apex Legends, let me know.
Mirage singing is the best
I like how they showed loba from the waist up .... they know the problem they created
1:06 Octane must always be the fastest for anything, even at going down face-first
Why do I feel like we are getting bamboozled like we did forge..?
Pharah just joined the chat
Is there a new graphics engine or something cause this is amaizing I love it so much including the mirage scene
0:35 JUSTICE RAINS FROM~..whoops wrong game
My boy Crypto always coming in with the smack down
I am so hyped for legacy
I'm hyped
Man why my boy Gibby always getting disrespected in these launch trailers lol
2:34  Hey that fuse’s line
2:42 ash?
Ash... how are you alive after Jack destroyed you?
POGCHAMP POGCHAMP I CAN'T STOP WATCHING THIS
imagine your running throw worlds edge and you just see this streak zooming in the sky zig zagging and all that they you see it stop and you see these missiles just beelining for you that is what legacy is going to be like
This looks cool but when I played a game of apex it did not count and the kills I got did not count
I can already see the ItzTimmy videos
Where is the gameplay
2:07 based.
Sad Octane, I still heard him say WHERES THE AUDIO
Nice Pharah legendary skin!  Oh wait... that’s the new legend
Mobile?
Phara mains see Valk like: is for me?   😳 👉👈
patfhainter machista  1:45
Ash really survived thats crazy
Yo POGGERS this is on TRENDING
greatest name of all time      Jesus Christ the most loving king to all of mankind came down from his heavenly glory became flesh and died and resurrected from the dead by God to save us from the wages of our sin,so that for whosoever should believe in Him,confess with ur mouth Jesus is Lord,believe with ur ❤️ that he was raised from the dead and would call upon his name would be saved,repent of ur sins and find life in Jesus! Time is short!God bless y’all 🥰♥️♥️
New season already? Dang it literally felt like season 7 was realesed like a week ago
I think Maggie was the new  character in season 9....
This is sick tho
yall snapped
I THOUGHT COOPER KILLED YOU
Ngl, the animation style looks Great and I love it.
Oh my gooooood
Idk what I'm more exited about, Ash or a Northstar Pilot because I used both in tf2. I am excited for this season
Why they do my boy octane like that
SHE SAID IT
Just add private matches at the launch and that's good enough for me
ピースキーパーのデジスコ消えてるよーな気が...
Full auto on g7?
Octane getting finished by wattson was amazing
Ash looking good,gotten more humanoid face than her old version
SUPUTAMADRE BEBES 😍
0:48 octane is an absolute goat
I think a stealth legend would be good to add. Passive: silencers on weapons. Tactical: silent footsteps for a brief time. Ultimate: I have no clue what it could be. You all can decide in the comments.
Ok. Okay. OKAY. THIS IS SICK!
WOW
wow, i love this trailer and cant wait to play this bow
Ok ok hear me out they are making a story line that will lead to titan fall 3
Ash
okokokok i know that it’s a cool trailer. but if we remember correctly and i know i do. ASH ISNT AN APEX PREDATOR. but. it’s fine. i’m not mad.
Every legend need more finishers
Every legend need more finishers
2:27  The animation of fuse looks like a mobile version of Apex Legends
Valk: *copies her dad viper* Titanfall 2 veterans: *flashbacks*
Ахуенно!
I call myself a predator 👹
Will ash be the new announcer?! NO MORE MAGGIE?!?!  But Maggie was my FAVORITE announcer 🥴🥴
I swear apex legends if Valkyrie doesn’t have a skin with Vipers helmet we gonna have problems
hol up thats double tap trigger at 0:20 on the g7 looks like its makin a comeback
You GOT BLAM- Boozled 🤘🏼
0:22 I don’t know if any of you seen that Reddit post of the lifeline rework
I <3 SCIENCE 🌪🌪
ブラッドハウンド、毎回かませ犬なやられ方しかしてないよな…
Pharah is that you?
Que Deus abençoe todos nós nessa fase tão difícil de viver!!! 😢❤️
Oh hey it's the old gang, Pathfinder, Mirage and Wraith
new map?
Wait.......so, WATSON'S FENCES ARE INVISIBLE NOW? :DDDD
straight out of OW the new character looks like pharah.
#1 On Trending.   Good on ya Legends
Need world edge come back
FIX THE SPITFIRE ITS SO BALANCED!
Glorious. 🦊🥺
The sakuga 👌
Yes yes yes
the whole trailer was epic
For the love of God, not Kings Canyon again!!!!
She said her fathers quote 0:42
1 trending baby!!
Are they finally adding TDM after all this time?? YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Why they do my boi Octane like that 😭
Wow this was a good one 🔥
Silly Ea , Apex Legends already launched
Just when I thought I was out, Apex pulled right back in!
Now this is what I call mega epic
I love how they bring the old squad mirage wraith and pathfinder
The way pathfinder kicked Loba in the face is so funny 😂
1:44 What in the......view?
somebody know the name song?
Beauty
People still play apex😂
Woah that Viper call back at the end tho!!!
New legend and new weapon interesting. Maybe???
By far the best Apex cinematic experience yet!!!
Isn’t that last one from titanfall
Apex The Mandalorian legacy
They really had to disrespect us with the T F 2 wallrun
This game is so corny
Bts XD
青海波だ
I'm beginning to think that whoever is writing or directing these things just *doesn't like Octane*. Edit: Welp, that explains the janky bits of animation from the Stories from the Outlands. All the animation budget went to this one.
All I want is worlds edge
2:33 are you lion from dota 2?
Great!
Caustic breaks glass to enter the room Vs Caustic in game kicking glass in the rooms but don't break xD  I wonder if they adding glass breaks this time since whenever I play the game glasses are more sturdy than a level 4 body armor
The new hero’s rocket ability  looks like pharahs from overwatch.
Why is this trailer so frikkin' epic!, also, look at Wraith's face at 1:52, she is like "How is he alive"
New animation?
By far one of my favourite launch trailers
Finally a trailer where Revenant doesn't get reckt, nice
A game mode other than Battle Royale?? sign me in!
01:20 We need this wallpaper in high resolution
les gooooo 👉🏻😁👈🏻
Just had to steal lines from viper
Would you rather: Play Valkyrie or Die
Looks like wraith’s twin sister but meaner
Is it just me or the animation seems different than previous ones
AMAZING!!!
So pharaoh from overwatch
Best Trailer in Apex Legends
If their is a bow oh my fcking god I'm back to apex everyday
i remember the old map its sad
I'm foaming in the mouth rn
Wait, new game mode? Pathfinder said something about new game... Ooooooooooooooooo
1:28  Wraith say  "Remember me" to Caustic and  "Mirage really ? Again"  Ref to the first trailer when she save Mirage life thats was beautiful
When you know that respawn hates females because most of the females died in the trailer
What did they do to Pathfinder his character models different and his voice is changed!?!?!?
The animation is so smooth man my god
ITS HAPPENING STAY CALM
0:20 full auto g7
What we all wanna do to caustic when we hit his gas 1:27
Me and my boys all gave up on apex half way through last season. Best decision we’ve ever made tbh. But the trailers are always hype... until you actually play and then you can’t even get into the game and server issues.. don’t get me started lol
Viper's got you in the pipe, five by five.
Ash back, life good. i like references
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
She did it she said her dads line (Titan fall 2) call back
How is this game still alive
OMFGGGGGGGGGGGG I LOVE THIS I WILL SPEND ALL MY MONEY FOR U APEXXXXXX
Ay, I've seen this girl before. She was Egyptian last time and from another franchise
Your journey ends here, Legend. The skies belong to me. nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
MY TITANFALL VEINS ARE GIVING ME DOUBLE ADHD
Someone who makes these games LOVES 80s sci-fi, so many quotes from Aliens (1986) and Predator (1987)
At 1:15 what's the gun caustic is holding?
Why does octane get bullied every trailer
Is that a 3 round burst hopup for the G7 I see Bangalore using?
"You can have the ground, I own the sky" I can't wait for her
man this has the graphics of tell tale
My God... This game keeps getting better and better
I still don’t understand  Do the legends actually Die ? Or is it just a game ?
PLEASE LET THERE BE A LOBA BUFF!!!!
Mirage mains where ya at 😭😭😭
Epic.
i love the part at 0:31 to 0:35
Can they actually buff wattson’s fences to bounce people off of them pls.That would be dope 👌
When are you guys gonna add squads
JESUS IS LORD AND KINGS OF KINGS   Jesus loves you and forgives you for your past choices and mistakes accept him as your Lord and savior before its to late start a relationship with him read your Holy bible, talk to him every day and pray, he is waiting on you with arms stretch wide open waiting for you he would not force himself on you his a gentleman, kind,loving and PATIENCE. Put your trust in Jesus because he is the only one that will never fail You, worship him day and night , be thankful every day despite of😊  Gospel songs Nobody - casting crowns  Michael w Smith- love in his right hand  COMMUNION- TRIBL I THANK GOD - TRIBL  Voice of GOD - Dante Bowe  CHAMPION - TRIBL   There is much more but accept Jesus he loves you and he knows what's best for you, trust his timing, his ways and thoughts are higher than ours😊🥰💌💫
so this proves that there’s a bow coming to the game right ?
I love how they show the traits and personality of each legend in this trailer it fits so well it shows how respawn can keep to continuity   Hello ash long time no see   Hey respawn love the little quips with Valkyrie vary fitting
1:25 reference to season 1 launch trailer, I love it
i wonder what is at 0:25
青海波(seigaiha)　2:40　2:50
Ayoo we got a pharah legend now? Siiiick
There is so much hype and design in the trailer. So much better that the last ones.
New br?
From season 1 to season 9 wraith killed caustic 😂😂😂😂 N mirage was bait 😐
new lifeline revive is at 0:23
Oh snap I’m late for the hangout
As an octane main when ever I see a wattson I must be as toxic as possible to them
“The skies belong to me”  *HOW DARE YOU STAND WHERE HE STOOD*
Man that was a crazy day
ash pog
"Im in the pipe, Five by Five"
new map is at 0:14
I missed this game
Why the terain is covered by snow in MAY?!?!? Bring back WORLD'S EDGE
GHOSTTTTTTTYYYYYYYYY
I am so excited
This trailer so beautiful 😻
THIS IS AN AWESOME ANIMATION I LOVE IT
Good response time.
NUMBER ONE LOL
1:15 thank me later 😆
“Your journey ends here legend no where to run now where to hide”   Valk 2021   This is a reference to viper saying   “Your journey ends here pilot no where to run now where to hide”
Wow, everyone thought Apex would be just another battle royale but Respawn is really making it something special
Accordion to revealed scientific studies only 90% of people will realize that I started this sentence with an instrument
that valk finisher is just pure disrespect Gibby about to cry
GUYS SHE SAID THE LINE
Valk would be more op than gibby (jk)
Fuse looks so good in this
my boy mirage on the counter, "Watch me now" lol
Ok but valk lookin kinda cute tho
If Ash ever gets put into the game I really hope her heirloom will be a sword similar to the one she had on her Titan
These rockets remind me... of overwatch...
neat
Rift take over one map and snow take over the other?
やりたいのにWiFiがくそ！(´；ω；｀)
fire!
This map crazy MIAMI STYLE?!?!
Dude there so many heckn' legends now
ANAAAA ANA NASHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
So... team deathmatch, cool
I don't know why some people thought ash was gana be a playable legend  her hole thing is phase shift we got wraith for that
Very good and beautiful trailer 😍😍💪
Goosebumps, that’s it, just, just goosebumps
WHERE MY BOY/GIRL BLOODHOUND
Here's to hopping the next trailer has a good o'l Jack Cooper in it.
Valkyrie looks like Jimin from BTS
I love how awkwardly lovely Mirage
Respawn makes an event for caustic and nerfs him on the day of his event also respawn makes a trailer for Valkyrie where caustic gets killed by wraith again the levels of disrespect are immeasurable
イケメンバンガ 2:09
AAAAAASSH!!!!
Ash ? Isn t that B1TC4 dead ?
reveal on my birthday LETS GOOOO did yall peep the wall jumps
I like how Path, Mirage, and Wraith are always on the same team
This is my favorite trailer since the launch trailer
Wonder if we'll get Jack Cooper now after seeing Ash.
Titanfall lore goes brrrr
If I got killed by northstar Will I go to valhalla?
With the havoc that Horizon had, is that a sign the select fire coming back for it?
They should have added viper himself
This game is so bad 😂😂😂😂
Female Crypto 😂
I gotta end the bloodline and make sure Ashe is dead too cus cooper and BT didn’t get the job the first time
かっけえええ....
I like how valk got a better hair cut
Looks like Mirage is finally liking Pathfinder
It's like 30fps
Seeing ash that complete in a trailer makes me so hyped knowing ht some day she'll become a legend
Am I the only one who has a crush on Mirage?
ファラ
1:31 Nessie in the jacuzzi with Mirage
the new engine for the animation they're using looks really good, is it sfm?
This game is getting better and better and I love it
1:58 dats goosebumbs right there
HORIZON 2.0
Pilot 4 life
Отлично, увидим футажи этого сезона у Дениса через полтора года!
1:52 so is no one going to talk about how mirage,wraith,and pathfinder have been a squad since possibility season 1
Mom can we have northstar?  mom: no we have northstar at home  northstar at home:
Peace keeper floor loot? Just saying.
People who disliked 🤡
Adding new legends but not fixing all the problems with the servers... F
The coolest part about these animations is getting to see all the characters interact with each other
アイアンマンやんけ笑
YOOO am I the only one who sees their animations getting better every season??
顔隠れてていいね
in the revenant part it says player 9/18 (on the screen near the word "hold target") call me crazy but maybe the arenas can be more than 2 teams of 3 legends?
I can't even play this game anymore, got banned for allegedly "cheating" when I am a pc player with high sensitivity and or using a controller which have aim assist. What an amazing game. They never even got to my email I sent them.
Has their long plan been a moba style game all along and they have used the battlegrounds to fine tune and test every charater?
R.I.P. Octane, Fuse, Loba, Wraith, and well... Nobody cares about you Caustic R.I.H.. 👍
#1 trending
When she said 5 x 5 :   "She said it! She said the thing!"
ファラやん
That new cypto execution tho 😩
@Champions go outside
When i see this trailer, my mind tell me, TITANFALL,  especially with ASH in the end of this
Ngl im actually hyped
😵
Dear God please make a movie
Welcome to the legacy of the Apex predators... 🔥🔥🔥
ASH BABYYYYYY- wait didn’t I turn her into a fine grey mist?
Yes
Pog
WHERE IS TITAN FALL 3?!?!?!
Was it me or was pathfinders voice different
I totaly ship Horizan with Watson Horizon+Wattson
Pathfinder had to end loba because it took multiple attempts for her to show up there
You are in good way respawn continue like that
Respect for path after kicking Loba
“I’ll give you one chance to step off, *It’ll be cleaner* “ -Pilot Viper
今回のPVまじカッコいいな
BOWS IN APEX YEEEESSSS!!!
Justice rains from above
Playable Ash when?
SUCH HYPEE
So no jack cooper?
They need to add jack
I knew she would be a mini north star and when she said I own the skies I lost it
So I’m guessing this is the last season considering legacy means something is going to end and be remembered
Time to delete some games
Ban the hackers before you add the new update
is this like, normal multiplayer? non BR?
I wish Fuse’s tactical was actually as good as they made it seem here
They Best tráiler ver :0 :'D
I’m so excited to see what this has In store and Also PEACEKEEPER GAMEPLAY👀
🤯🔥🤯
#1 ON TRENDING
Oh chet
When you have to rip off Overwatch to make a new legend :P
I like it respawn still make mirage,wraith,and pathfinder the trio like in the first animated trailer
0:49 〜😍😍😍😍
2021 is going really good
Remember titanfall fans this is not the end
#1 on trendo baaybeeeee
Lets not forget how mirage trick caustic again
1:49 respawn balancing loba in a nutshell
This video is a slap in the face to every Loba main. Not cuz Path clapped her, because her bracelet actually works
I'm always glad to see Apex still get players and updates
Valc: You can have the ground, I own the sky  Pathy: let me introduce myself
Btw EA u did good with this trailer best one so far the art stile and animation
Good combo would be Fuse, Horizon, and Valk
Nice 👍
Bruh I wish Fuse Q hit like that
I have a feeling the player base just expanded by 50%
Kids don’t even know Ash haha
Even more characters with access to the sky above. Turning into Clash Royale
They killed octane... Again
Season 2 Cinematic: Finally, a worthy opponent.
Wait, so with Ash saying back to where it began and arena. Could this mode just basically be like TF multiplayer? Everyone in the arena fighting?
Octane and Watson shippers: 😐. Bro they don’t have any connection. They look cute together but they don’t know each other like that
またオーバーウォッチのパクリキャラかよw
Valkyrie Gameplay trailer is probably on arena gameplay trailer
Wall running?
WAIT, is Wattson getting a buff?
ALL OCTANE MAINS HOPING FOR ONE HINT AT WALL RUNNING 😂 LMK WHEN WE FIND IT
やっと日本人キャラが出てくれた
FOX3………………Rock on  missile？
PEACEKEEPER IS GOING TO BE A GROUND LOOT AGAIN????????
I hope arena kills don’t count towards the regular kills stat tracker, should be a tracker of its own.
Bro a pilot legend is up my alley. Was just letting my niece know that this is the real Respawn Entertainment
new main?
逃げるオクタン可愛い
WELL DAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYM OKAI OKAI OKAI OKAI
me: Can i have titanfall 3?, EA: we have titanfall 3 at home.  Titanfall3 at home:
no one seems to be talking about how Bangalore is using the double-tap trigger....
Apex: so guys in the new season we will have a new map bows, and also a new lege- Me: Wait did you say bows? Say less.
オクタンw
Once again, Confirmed. Crypto hits women.
Is Mirage’s bar finally a location we can go to???
まんまTF2のノーススターだな
I find apex hard to master for me and its not really my favourite BR but i will still experience this legacy.
Is the pk coming back on floor loot
Ayyyyyyyyyy world edge yeeeeeeeeee
This just makes me want another titanfall game even more
"I WAS HERE WHILE TOP-TRENDING" BUTTON
Its only been a few hours and it’s already number 1 on trending and people call this game dead lol
So, used a Starcraft Voice Line at the start?
that is 100% how i feel whenever i play octane
You’re not the only one with *fancy* moves, beautiful
Lol the Mirage one
0:42 If it will be her finsher, I would love her so much
sick
I love apex is beginning to feel more and more like titanfall
un arco ya quiero usar un arco claro si no es solo trailer nada mas
I’m glad that I killed Viper.
Ehhh heh heh ok?
Ash
It would've been better if she said  "you can have the ground but the skies belong to me"
Ojala que en la actualización de la que viene quiten la entrada de fase de wraith la pongan como antes porque si uno va bajo de vida lo matan a uno por durar tanto en la entrada de fase
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life." John 3:16
Yesssir coming back from school and seeing this
Lets goo another reason for me to live for  2 months
くだらねーな
1:52初期メンやんけ！！かっけぇ！
Ah, the glorious .5 seconds of Crypto in new trailers 🥲
Phara
Mirage 1:40 hahaha that was so funny..man this trailer was awesome! This octane so funny as always..I liked how he was caught lolz..every legend shined on this video..
All the TitianFall 2 memories are coming back. Omfg
0:12 安倍のパイ、バイバイバイ(？)
How to aim
Overwatch?
Ultra hyped
The most hype I’ve ever been
ミサイルの飛び方がガンダムじゃね？
I’ve been thinking about putting Titans in apex for a while. The way I keep thinking of doing it is you have this: Pilot; tac- cloak Passive- wall run, a lighter wall run only for about 2-3 seconds Ult- call in a doomed titan To make it fair, you bring back the archer, mgl, maybe sidewinder?
"Focus , Fight, Win"
Octane: I’m fast AF boi, come get it
No joy repeat no joy RTB for resupply lol
0:44 could be valk finisher
They keep doing Octane wrong bruh
When you think about it apex games are super sus the characters seem more like lab rats having there skills and abilities to make something
0:22 I like how they're introducing the new change to Lifeline's revive here, I feel like it's hated on too much before the reveal lol
2:28 to 2:31 is a meme template if I've ever seen one. Can't wait till the new season drop!
ランパートどこ？
se rompió el ship Watson y octane :(
Buff Walter
I Just want to thank God publicly for the things he's doing privately God has saved me from my past self my sins and my sickness repent and give your life to Christ he will restore you and make you brand new he will bless you in many ways if you listen to him and live for him Fear God and obey his commands
1#*trending to the mfs who say apex is dead😹👎
そりゃ空飛ばれたら勝ち目ないやろ…
any pharah mains? justice rains from above now in apex.
make a animated series
Well she owns the sky, just like her dad oh boy
出番が少ないブラハさん……
Still not convinced apex is worth downloading
This is the best one since season two!!
I'm just wondering how Ash lived even after being crushed to a pulp by BT's hands
Life's good baby..
Is she really gonna be able to fly like that.... bruh thats gonna be op
Wait, didn't Ash get turned into bolognaise in TF|2?
Finally they officially killed Caustic
It will be fun to watch her carry on her father's legacy,  by being blasted out the sky .
Best trailer yet
No cap not gonna lie they should make the white eyes with all wraith skins 1:27
Why did it sound like ash said “Welcome to the legathy of the apecth legends” like with a lisp or a speech impediment.
まだこのゲームは終わってない
i loved that referance to one of the first trailers
Time to destroy the Apex Predator a second time, this time without Titans
For a second there, i thought rampart was shooting disruptor rounds 😔 are we ever gonna see that bad boy again?
So is anyone going to ignore ash
⬇️ petition for cross progression
This has got to be their best trailer yet wow I'm pumped for this new season
I hope they add Ash as a legend because I want to see how Pathfinder talks to her
PEACEKEEPER BACK?!?
最初の攻撃の仕方がオーバーウォッチのあいつのウルトに似てた(
You couldn't call it season 9? SEaSon lEgaCy? But names aside I'm hyped.
Watching octane get finished makes me sad
Is anyone else going to talk about Ash’s terrible haircut?
Need a Netflix Apex cinematic universe
Pathfinder: I love who ever came up with this new game. Mirage and Wraith: Should we tell him?
They gotta do something like with what they did with the effect and cause mission in Titanfall
Im in the pipe, 5 by 5
hi
ピーキー帰ってくる！？！？まさか
Maybe her passive is flying like her father when in the air.
Respawn's got me too hyped
Now this makes me pumped up
lets be real for a sec, If she can fly she is gonna move at the same speed as crypto drone just not as high, so no flying over mountains in kings canyon or worlds edge, her skins may look badass, the bow will be slow and clunky similar to the  3030 repeater w/ less ammo and poor accuracy of the wingman. Loba's bracelet will still be trash causing her to remain a terrible legend
animations was INSANELY good this time, never looked so good
2:33 Seems like DOTA 2's Lion voice line.
No m_eu cana_l tá cheio de vídeos engraçados
Mirage being him as usual
letsgooo
Oh cool we got pharah now
Guess who’s hitting pred in areana 😩😈
トレーラーからすると、どこかのマップが変化したのか、それとも新マップが追加されたのか、雪になっているという変化が考えられます。 そして何人ものレジェンドがピースキーパーを使っていることから、ケアパケ武器だったピースキーパーが帰ってくる可能性が非常に高いですね。 そして新レジェンドのヴァルキリーは、空中浮遊しながらバトルができ、アビリティが小空爆のようなミサイルを飛ばすようなものだと考えられます。  素人考察ですいません💦 新たな考察をしている方は返信よろしくお願いします(日本語)
this new animation style is actually pretty sick! hopefully it just keeps getting better
We Are still waiting for Forge!!
Please just give us Titan fall 3, though what doing with Apex looks good.
Pretty good
Valk ult might be a missile type of thing, we also got to see the new area on Olympus as well. Also octane was wall running and stuff like that so wall running?
Female revenant
seeing the og squad mirage, wraith and pathfinder, made me smile
Wraith, Mirage and Pathfinder always a team ^^
THIS IS GONNA BE BIG
SHEEEEEEEEEEEESH
The fact that at the end Val said one of Vipers lines gave me goosebumps
This is too good that something rise up from my body that is not my kdr
Loved How they protraited Octane as flash.
My boy Octane getting trashed on AGAIN.
Mirage and wraith might be my new fav duo.  Also I want to be path finder even a slight touch to loba will make me happy
Pathfinder just kicked lobas teeth out
あこの弓は、ボウセックボウと言います
Not a pilot
SHE SAID THE THING
Pathfinder sounds different
ඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞඞ
The whole time I’m just like   😟🤯😂😟🤯
レイス×ミラージュやっぱ良いね
They spend all this time adding carbon copies of Titanfall mechanics to Alex but no new Titanfall game. Sad.
Pharah rip off
At replay number 5, I am still enjoying these too much
i'm gunna main Valkyrie purely because viper
How to Like 2 Times?
0:17 ヒューズ出世
Lol at 0:12 she says the same thing as the Starcraft wraith in brood war.
ash vibes
She needs an angel skin like lifelines
So pretty much phara from Overwatch
QUE JOGO MEUS AMIGOS QUE JOGO!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ash ash ash Oh hi there fly gurl
ファラやん
I'm the only that see different the animation? oh just respawn hired a new animator for his cinematics.
Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. Repent that you may be saved❤️🥰
Ohhhhh me vengo 🥵
G7 3 round burst?
HEY DONT KICK GIBBY MAN
2:18 Level 71 with 34 kills and 5670 damage? That's one helluva gaming chair...
At least ash is there
5 by 5 I remember that
ファラおるやんけ
Noice but next time let octane free
If Blisk is still active there's no reason why we cant get any Frontier Militia characters in the game
Are wattson's pylons gonna be like electric gum gum ???
For a hard second I was really confused as to why ash was here because we killed her in titanfall 2 then I remembered we revived her in loba’s season
WATCH ME NOOOWWW!!!! 🎶  they need to make that an intro quip
It Iook like so fan, if there are no cheater
楽しみでしかない‼️
ok ash is a new legend or that jetpack girll or both
Wait for this time.  I must go on.
That octane scene was beautiful 😳😳
y'all know that if ash is here, they're her test subjects (credit for people who know)
Apex #1 trending🤟🏽💯
YES LETS GOOOOO!!
Best launch trailer you guys have done yet!! Can't wait!!
Once again...octane gets violated
'Kaaaay, I've got the goosebumps
Top de mais o jogo
Notice how path said "New game"?
*Overwatch*
Так много вещей связанных с titanfall обещают, не готовят ли нас случаем к 3 части?
It’s how Wattson was chillen against that wall for me! Those fences were pretty!
Wheres punch?This would be his main
Mirage with Wraith and Octane with Wattson are just a dream. I know...     But I'm a dreamer 😎🍻
Yoo valk said “I’m in the pip, five by five”
you can do everything you see in this trailer except wall run impressive and depressing
Congrats on number one trending!!
Istmfg if valkrye doesnt have a skin where she doesnt have vipers helmet on, i will be sad
Pathfinder aint no simp
Watch this he like marked for death or live fire or any other of the amazingly underrated tf|2 modes
Can u stop killing Caustic pleaaaaaaaase?
もうファラにしか見えんねん
New legend reminds me of viper
Japanese!!
OCTANE moves like a PILOT
このチャット欄で日本語探してる
1:43敵の前ワープしてくるとか初心者かな？
“I own the skies”  Viper: that’s my girl
チータさえいなかったら面白いだろうね
She said the lineeeeeeeee
aPeX diEd aFter liKE tWo weEKS
I didn’t know people still played apex
Go make film bro 👨‍🚀👨‍🚀👨‍🚀👨‍🚀
I want New character apex legend!! 🙉🙈🙊🐵
“In the pipe 5x5”  SHE SAID THE THING
Iron man?
Ash: Welcome to the Arenas. Me whispering in the back: Prepare for Titanfall...
The trio is back 🤑🤠🥴🤭😤🤓😏🖖🏽🙏🏽🤙🏽🙌🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 and I am convinced that Titanfall 3 is coming☠️🐺💯❗️⚜️
lifeline res w knockdown shield ??
This might be it...this might be the epic Turing point us OG APEX legends have been waiting for...and I gotta say I’m excited 🤘🏼
スプラしか勝たん！！
If octane had a wall jumping animation like in this trailer he'd be my main if I could even wall jump
That flying girl looks like a Pharah rip off.
Nice to see path mirage and wraith all together again   Edit: this was also a fire animation
My boy octane really down bad
NOOO EH ACABADO EL PASE DE BATALLA 😢😢
Apex no deja de sorprendernos season tras season
A
ヴァルク「空に飛べなければ、勝ち目はない」 ？？？「ちょいっと浮かんでみるかい？」
Pharah?
Ayo its my boy Tommee Profitt coming in with the sick trailer music haha
ミラージュひで
Oooh that reference from viper: nowhere to run nowhere to hide I own the skies
Titanfall players who did an execution on Ash: ._.
ピースキーパーかえってくるせつある？
Same actress who voices ronin on rogue company 🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
2 things I could predict, Ash will be the next Legend, and Crypto might get his drone as a melee heirloom
We really need jack cooper in apex. Respawn can come up with ideas to give him abilites
1:43 how loba was shown. 1:48 how loba actually is in game.
BRUH THIS IS THE BEST TRAILER TBH
nooooo octane :(
The animator deserves an Oscar for the quality of thеse trailers
Guess I'm jumping back in!
And once again, Apex shall take all my money
Can't wait 🙀🙀
Octane is dead :(
Adoro a los de respawn nunca me dejan de sorprender
My gosh, this is the best ever trailer in this season.
You know people are leaving if they don't pick new legend
If you didn’t realize but Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder was on season 1 trailer. 🔥🔥
Did any see how Watson’s fence didn’t appear until octane got close to it? Wonder if that’s a new buff or if it was just for the suspense
CHUYA UIE!
I think we need cooper
Ah yes. I still can't get over how Titanfall 3 died for this.
1:43 night time set map??👀
titanfall hype
Go look at my YouTube
Is nobody gonna talk about the bow...Potential new weapon anyone?
Ápex legens es genial. hogala siga
Looks like a Watson buff
wattson change upcoming? self activate fense?
She looks like Viper I’m done
Oh baby
Unbanned me I didn’t do nothing🥶
As always the animation is just amazing
Lifeline an awful teammate, didn't even tap bloodhound, unless they change something in s9
YABAI
the fact that we're getting the "legacy of the Apex Predators" in the form of Ash's arenas AND Viper's daughter 🤯
Yo this animation style popping
Everything I wanted is there: A flying legend, Mode that is not Battle Royale, and finally... MORE SNOW.
0:21 G7 full auto?
The animation is AMAZING
It’s like hawkeye and pharah had a baby
I ship mirage and wraith anyone else?
sHES IN THE PIPE, FIVE BY FIVE
ASH!!
Why does loba never do something in these trailers I hate it. Also can you make loba not die.
The trailer is trending #1 on YouTube trending. Lets get it Apex Legends community.
A couple of ability things to notice that could just be for cinematic but maybe not 1. Fuse tactical putting fire on the ground 2. Lifeline passive shield gone but she doesn’t have to stop 3. Loba not slowing down after teleporting
The Apex Predators are back‼️ STAND BY FOR TITANFALL
Hey pharah I just pocket you I was the devil mercy 0w0
If only this game wasn’t so grimy with its colors
Ok Watson
Love that mirage, wraith and path are in the same team again like the first cinematic
Valk said thing
The og squad is there pathfinder, wraith and mirage
Looks like Double Tap Trigger getting back 0:20
Aye we beating the warzone trailer!
This trailer feels quite poorly made for some reason, I hope they don’t make these the graphics
Even in the trailer octane is running away from the enemy typical octanes
That kick Valkyrie gave Gibraltar better be a finisher
wooowowoowpowoowowowowoowowowo
New Wingman hopup? Looks like a disruptor round wingman in the beginning.
"正義從天而降!!!"(錯棚了拉喂
Ngl that wraith part was funny
She flys time to Delete the game
Feier ich
I'm calling it now they are introducing regular multi player
wattson main :3
Can someone tell me about Ash/Blisk? I started from season 7 so I don't know whats story behind her... who she is and so on
Yeahhh can’t wait 👍🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
LETSSSS GOOOOOOOOOO
So is Valk next on the nerf list after horizon? Man, Respawn loves making movement legends then nerfing them the next couple of seasons after, its almost as if they never learn their lesson.  At this rate they might as well bring back bunny hop healing... >. >
Not the cod dark ether sound😭😭😭
Everyone is saying olympus is going to be next map but on begining it looks like worlds edge and when octane is running its kings canyon and peecekeeper in this triler when horizone is shooting with him doesnt looks like shootgun
なんか前よりヴァルクの顔可愛くなってる！サンキューAPEX
概要欄日本語なの何気に嬉しい
Can you fix the matchmaking now, I'm level 17 and get matches with 100-500. Very bad for new players
I waited for nigght  city map for so long I'm in love
Who else wants a pilot skin for mirage BC it whould be funny and it whould fit his jokster personality
Yo seeing the old Squads back again.... like shhheeesshhhh!🤗🤗
Ash supposed to be added since season 5 but one day is going to be the day
Hats off to the animation and storytelling team(s). Enjoyed ever second of this trailer.
we're going back to world's edge baby!
2:05 when ur mom forgets to get ur Dino nuggies
If there is wallriding next season.... titanfall players are about to have a field day
Best trailer ever
Whoever animated this did such a great job 👏
最後怖い
Song?
Ooooh if they add Ash after this season I hope it’s Ash vs revenant that would be cool.
Will it be okay if I watch the trailer on my live stream? Do i get Copyright or strike?
well done respawn, u guys nailed it
Reveal more about the battle royale mode this season. Sure, the arena sounds cool and all but this is a new season and we need to treat battle royale properly. Don’t base this entire season around arenas
I wish cooper became a legend
1:51 why does Path sound so weird?
we LOVE that they included all of the legends in one trailer
Loba do be thick tho
YES! THE TRIO OF PATH MIRAGE AND WRAITH IS BACK!
Them teasing Ash is making me wish they were already a playable legend.
Their better be a skin were she’s dressed as a pilot
Trailer made wattson pylons look useful for once
PEACEKEEPER IS BACK AS GROUND LOOT LETS GOOO
Poor Octane :(
1:15 what we all wanted
Okay now the trailers are ridiculously cartoony
I don’t know man, will a half titan fit in this game? I mean...
Someone at Respawn was watching ALIENS recently.
0:17嘘付け俺の知ってるヒューズはこんな強くない
Can we have an animated Apex Movie. Please?!
It's good to see the old trio path, wraith n mirage
My son playing apex in the future and playing valk and asking me about her voice lines  Me: well
wait I saw a peacekeeper without an optic could this mean groundloot
Man, they cant catch octane, only because of the wattson fence, that is a big w
Guess they have to tell lil nas who sent them
"I'm in the pipe, five by five"   HA!! SHE SAID IT!!! SHE SAID THE THING!!!!
Just finished Titanfall 2. Did it to understand the next chapter better
DID ANYONE SEE THE OCTANE WALL JUMP
Pharah? Can you stay in overwatch
like the trailer reapsawn i just wished you guys used the old models/design/artstyle for the characters looks a bit funky. Other than that great job
"I love whoever came up with this new game!" Yes sirrrrr path shootin your shot I see u 👀😂
0:47 I love Octane moving
Okay but when can loba not be killed in a trailer 😩
LETS GOOOO!
Eh, looks dumb......
絶対おもろい
Anyone going to talk about how often we saw the PK?
New map or LTM????
Watch me now
This new Pharah skin looks weird
これヒューズ強化来るな
ミラージュやっぱちゅき
Very well the path you have chosen is death
New arena?
bruh if apex was a series I would definitely watch it
スゲェ…バイパーの娘出て、アッシュらしき人物もいやがった…
Can you start doing something about the cheaters? High rank matches are always having one cheat squad ruining the whole game.
This looks amazing
Please more legends of titanfall 2 plz
Better have some cool skins so I can spend all of my money 😎
I'm starting to think wraith is low-key Mirage's best friend, and he hasn't realized it yet
日本人いる？
"I'm in the pipe, 5 by 5." OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH
いやカッコよすぎんだろ今回のトレーラー
this might just be the best trailer ive seen for apex
A BOW!?
Your keeping a head of cod 🙏🙏🙏
コースティックミラージュの宴みてレイスに倒されただけで草
Congratulations apex for being number 1 trending
つまりはアッシュはレジェンドという話はもうないってことなんかな？
I crave MOREEEEE🤤
We need mouse and keyboard compatibility for consoles :(
Sheesh
I think certain animations look worse than previous trailers some of the cuts are weird and faces are abit off
0:40 should have said: “You can have the ground, the sky’s belong to me”
Does this mean that we will have Bows and arrows now? That will be Neat
見栄はって言った割にはTF2要素があの程度にガッカリ
And still no wraith buff 😔
I don't care if she's viper's daughter only he can say that.
Focus Fight Win
Valk using vipers lines and it's such an amazing call back.
Stay changed the artstyle right?
awosome
Best season
I like how she says I am in the pipe 5 by 5 so cool
PK通常武器説ワン？
Is that a bow? Alright, wheres my people that enjoy archery
Yo why is ash alive I remember crushing her with bt’s fists
To be honest i' ve waited of Titan to appear
I can tell I’ll be able to hit none of my shots this season
I think the double tap trigger is coming back guys! 0:20
I feel like pk is gonna become floor loot and the bow is the next carepacage weapon
Apex still needs bug fixes then it will be soooooo good!
アッシュ！？
0:46 Does Octane get gunrunner? 👀 :D
ooo are we getting attrition back
🔥🔥🔥
Why they be looking like Fortnite?
This trailer is so outstanding and well made
Ash
Best trailer out
LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBA LOBAA AOSKSJS0SWKSOD0DISS
We got pharah  let's go
why does she look less asian here
So are we getting that Netflix series or?
I like how they included the g7 scout in the trailer.  Considering it is so bad it literally isn't a viable weapon.
i’m sorry but did i just see an automatic G7 Scout? 0:21
They did the Octrain so wrong
This is really amazing.... ❤❤
Alright I need someone to confirm this, is the voice actress for Valkyrie the same person who voices Ana Bray in Destiny 2?
BEST TRAILER SO FAR!!! 11/10
Bro if i cant play ash one day im going to have a fit
If you don’t remember in the season zero trailer wraith says to CAUSTIC “Tell death I said hello.”  Good call back respawn
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ apex is better than fornite
Oh My God!
This cinematic is probably the best of all before. It hyped me so much for the new season!
Best cinematic yet
Go beyond battle royale haha like H1Z1
見た感じ新キャラ強くね？
Pathfinder never dies!!!!
New stim rework bounce of walls and be faster
“Your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me”
wallrunning maybe? 0:59
jUsTiCe rAiNs fRoM aBoVe... 😭
Imagine one of her intro quips being:   "Your journey ends here, legends. The Skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide."
Any Pharah mains?
PK coming out of packages BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY  and mirage voyage back poggg
Just wish I could play apex
Best trailer 9
uum guys what is the 26th month?
Octane so fast he traveled maps with his stim
Vipers got you in the pipe five by five
楽しみ
Shtty rap 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
0:35 Pharah
When it says arena, does it mean  like tdm, ffa, ctf, all that sorta stuff
This is so good😁
Anyone else tired of horizon map?
Just going to say it: I love Mirage and Wraith.        Pathfinder too, but mostly Mirage and Wraith
Was Marage singing rocket man?😆
That’s last shot of valkyrie but instead she says, “Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.”
Hahahaha a Phara rip off with short hair?! Time to get better ideas and better  design. If we are getting a bunch of female characters at least made them pretty.... fck....
I got spider-verss vibes from this
The freaking boooow!
A bow and arrow seems like the last thing people wanted but hey whatever gets you third partied faster right?
Caustic would have gassed first and shot second, there is no pausing. Also if they're gonna add a character that can fly to some extent then lifeline should keep her shield (coming from a guy who rarely plays lifeline).
PK floor loot again?
petition to make a mode where you can wallrun like titanfall for a few days and see if people like it or not
Awww pathfinder ❤️ash
Sheeesh fire 🔥
man this is cringy garbage. i really wish this game would die so we can get titanfall 3.
I hope there is a ranked system for arenas, now that would make this go from 70% to 10000%
1# trending good job
ok octane wall jumped, does that mean we can
Is it me or does Pathfinder sound different
#1 on trending... and rightfully so! LETS GOOOOOOOOO
The best trio is pathfinder, mirage, and wraith
Dang
Seems badass but i gotta wait for the gameplay
I hope that character can't fly or it is going to be really annoying.
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
I've had the worst day and this has mad it 10000 times better
Cooming thank you for this
pharah is that you?
this seasons theme: purple
Apex is killing it
I was scared at first because I thought they will add titans lol
Unpopular opinion: this the best launch trailer
Cuando bajas buscando un comentario en español : ...
I say this every season and it's so true... Can't wait to pick this Legend so my other team mates can leave.
yo is it wrong that I ship octane and wattson?
ミラージュ、ユーモアがあって好き
3 years ago: Alright, we got this arena game, but how can we make it into a battle royale? today: alright, we got this battle royale, but how can we make this into an arena game?
1:04 wattson buff?
Worth every second of this trailer
#1 trending
Sick
So ash is a bootleg pharah cool
Loba got blasted back to fortunes favor. Pathfinder told her to say hi to her parents for him. 💀
Umm didn’t we explode her? In tf2
Voodo 1 Viper on station
How dare pathfinder kick Loba -____-
Season 3 cinimatic vibes anyone?
Loki siked the duck out cant wait
I may be in love with the new legend <3
She has flight core  We’re dead
Soo fuse buff right?
Turn APEXlegends
It’s nice to see Valkyrie inherited the sky from Viper.....
Lifeline revives Bloodhound super fast at 00:21 , hope this is one of the buffs.
What is this map b/c it seems cool
0:14 Hmm tiny arena. 0:22 Yep, no more shield on reviving again. The second update I hated after Bangalore's smoke. 0:24 She throws a signal flare like Gibby. Maybe flies for a short amount of time? 1:00 Repulsor arena 1:30 Night arena <3 (mirage voyage) 2:16 Drug addict Wraith   2:50 yep paper towel.
Very proud to see apex on number 1 trending,  and seing get more of the love and attention it deserves
<3
The mirage part got me there
Apex on #1 trending you like to see it
hope there is a new mod other then battle royal
If Valkyries ult isn't called flight core or has the same sound that played when viper used it then I'm sure alot of og titanfall fans will be upset
1:01 wall run?
I remember apex graphics be like a comic book. Gameplay graphics rework?
They had to edit out Loba's first five attempts to teleport
Apex: always number 1 or 2 on trending. Fortnite and cod kids: “aPeX iS dEaD”
That Fuse's knuckle cluster seems fast could that be his Buff?
Did octane just do a double wall jump? My mans is a pro XD As a mirage main, thank you for that singing  Loba’s bracelet fixed, and maybe her staff as heirloom? Or just for the cinematic? Valk’s passive also lets her fly further when dropping into the game? Legends already have weapons without picking them up and it doenst look like ther is groundloot, does this mean we might get classes? I know that this is just the launch and not gameplay trailer, but if any of the little things are hinting at whats to come, then I’m excited
bruh caustic bouta have a heart attack
Valkyrie, CEO of   the sky
Is that a new map?
Great as always 👌
I wonder if Vinson dynamics are going to be a part in the future especially with ash now in the trailer.
is it just me or are Valkyrie's pretty lame
Why is this garbage in my recommendation I love it how they’re still trying to keep this game alive even though it’s dead
octane always fun to watch in trailer
Tecent left the group
Sheeeeeeeeeeesh......!!!
WELCOME TO THE LEGACY OF THE HACKERS
I'll be quick and I'll finish this
THAT LION'S QUOTE THO !!!
Always doing my boi octane wrong
I can’t wait for this movie to be released
Noooooooo! My boy octane 😭
Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.... :D
I absolutely love that Ash is hosting the Arenas to show what being an Apex Predator is all about
When cartoons goes to the next level:
moment titanfall 2
Man Wraith is still the best girl despite being nerfed every season 😭
octane out runs people part 4
I want all these Apex babies to go play titanfall   now
0:11 SHE SAID THE THING!  Also it's great to see the old team of Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder together.
Question is this a new legend?
The only "bad" parts about this trailer are the legends' faces, and that's really just a nitpick. To me they just look unfinished
I love how apex takes over the trending page every once in a while.
Dont get me wrong but the trailer is cool and all but it seems poorly made compared to the other trailers
PLEASE have cross-platform progression already,  I dropped my xbox for PC since cross platform was a thing, but I'm not dropping another 2k to get all my skins + characters + heirlooms again.
mirage encore le plus cave de la gagne
1:00 daily dose of movement god
Octane: gotta go faster. Viper: you merely adopted the speed I was born in it, speed is life.
I’m trying so hard to not get super hyped watching this cause I’m in school
Zzzzzzz
sadly amigo they keep showing wattson killing octane brutally to show us that their ship will never be canon so keep that in mind
So the new Legend is Pharah except actually Hanzo.
I love the sheer terror on lobas face when she saw pathfinder
This literally proves that Wattson’s toggle fence ability is happening
I love how she said tell them Valkyrie sent you instead of viper sent you like in titan fall 2
1:25 I love that "Remember me" scene
1:28 oh look a callback
Loba can have literally any weapon she wants at any time and she picked L-star and the RE.
it seems i may finally buy a battlepass :D seeing the child of Viper and Ash being the main focus point of this season my titanfall addiction can't help but break out
Did anyone else find Octanes bit the best or is it just me? Either way, this new season will be one to remember.
I can’t believe this game will get this far I played it from season 1 but Quit it at season 2
This will probably get lost in the comments  Valkyrie- “The sky mind  Horizon- “Am I a joke to you :0
Lees gou
YOOO THEY DID OCTANE WRONG IM OFFENED
are they going to rework crypto so he can actually do what he did here? cuz there is now way he was that close to horizen and still piloting his drone.
Bro they need a story from the outlands for octane
If only Fuse tactical was actually that op and the day they add ash imma stop playing😂
Nice Video and all but is Crypto getting a Buff anytime soon?
I love how pathfinder said "I love who made this new game" which was Ash
Bro, if the animation studio in charge of these trailers made an anime, I would watch it without a doubt! GOD TIER
SHE SAID THE LINE!
cant wait to end the viper bloodline
Did anyone notice the g7 was auto/burst???
Ok so honestly I think viper was a lot cooler than Valkyrie
imagine if playing the game actually looked like this
"so no titanfall?" *throws phone* *smashes skateboard*
This is the longest gameplay demo for Titan Fall 3.
Who's ready for even more sweaty players now
please let me keep valks helmet on
some of this looks like it's on worlds edge. do you guys think it's coming back?
これローバのリングが着地硬直なくなってそうじゃね！？あとヴァルキリーのフィニッシャー絶対にJET噴射だろ！！(ㆁωㆁ)
Yea and thats why we love mirage
I'm bouta pop off 😁
Can we have a helmet on and helmet off skin please respawn
I want what ever the graphics department is on! Its probably Octane's syringe, hand it over!!!
Everyone else: They showcased all the legends! Me: THE ORIGINAL TRIO!!!
Is it only me or does the trailer look like its unfinished🤨
ワットソン強化か？
1:25 I liked that
and that's cool trailer
#1 On Trending sheeeeeeshhhhhh
Crypto was on his drone if front of horizon and he melees her to death when she has a volt
😍😍
Best trailer so far. Good job animators!  <3 (But still, Season 2 trailer was the most hyped one)
This is fuccing AWESOME
Apex mobile is coming 🤑
NWO, unexpected.
New main valkyie sorry horizon but your coming second
Mirage Hit That Note Tho ..💯🤫🤣
A bow? Really?
Apex is not this fun
Why does gas daddy always get killed 😢 he’s a good guy ☢️
パスファとレイスとミラージュのトリオ復活してて嬉しい
MAKE AN ANIME ALREADY
Only titanfall fans know who ash is
1:00 wallrunning?
wooooooooow I'm so excited about season 9
Lifeline New Ability Is 💩💩💯💯😂😂 @.23 ..... She Going To Pick Him Up..?
New GAME MODE?!
The dynamic that wraith and mirage have is immaculate
Give us Titanfall 3 Ea, we know you’re holding Respawn hostage. If there is any respawn left
Looooooool 💯
When life gives you lemons make lemonade, this is not lemonade its the fountain of youth!
Pharah
yOOOOOOOO ASH
hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype
EA can actually show how cheaters play at Apex. It will simply outperform whatever trailers made by EA.
To the Arena!
AHHH YES, BOW N ARROW 😍
Everyone gangsta (and chillin' like Mirage) till Cooper shows up
Love the way this Game is evolving each season
IT ASH
The old squad fron the launch trailer is back
04.26.21？
This is probably my favorite second only to the season 3 trailer
About time Wraith got a fatality on her!
YES
Name of this song?
What map y’all think this is?
レイスとパスとミラージュのチーム仲良さそう そんでローバ倒したのにレヴナント若干キレてそうww
Fix audio
メーデー、メーデー こちら日本人だれか見つけたら返事をしてくれ……
Can I just say that a person who tried to get in the apex legends but didn't want to play, I'm surprised they added all the legend in one video that's awesome
I like ash but this, is for some reason making me like her more and have an urge to hate her.
I saw Bangalore shooting her G7-Scout, and there always two bullets per shot. This that mean double trigger is coming back?
Pharah + Hanzo in Apex POGGERS
When will I be able to play with teammates
I'm new to the game but does that mean next video we'll see Val's Tac, Pass, and ULT ?
Wish the new legend was already here.
Still waiting on a story mode version for apex 🥺🥺🥺
to me it looks like 3v3 tdm type matches that might go progress like bracket tournaments? i can only assume from watching how every fight was just a 3v3 in very different environments  EDIT: the way mirage trips and crawls at 1:40 is golden
Is that a new map???
2:07 xd
interessant
Siempre WATSON MATA A OCTAIN XD
2:04 rare footage of horizon not having 100% accuracy
I really hope she gets that helmet in-game
May I please have a bow
0:35 “JUSTICE RAINS FRIM ABOVE!”
I just wonder myself if a titan will apear in the game  ,one  day
Dude I just want one legends to be a wall running pilot
Alguien más que habla en español? Épico el tráiler este
Ashhhhhh
I seen peacekeeper
Me:  where’s the Pokémon music? Ash
They can fly now?
YOSSSSSSS
A non br mode is coming? Nicee
1:14 perfect          Also Respawn? ... CAN YOU PLEASE FIX LOBA???
Yeeeeeee hawwww
Already 2 millions!!!
Ain't nobody gonna talk about how she literally says "I'm in a pipe 5x5" just like viper?
BRUHH THEY GAVE HER VIPERS LINES NOICEE
Ахринеть! Когда уже полноценный мультсериал или кино??
I'm so happy that Mirage didn' die in this one.
... 😂
0:12 поймал флешбек в старкрафт...
#1 trending and well deserved
Thank you Legacy ❤❤❤❤
0:12. Starcraft vibes. lol
Sombra = Loba Phara = Valkyrie?...
Sheeeesh
0:39  That's such a missed opportunity she could have said the sky's belong to me
This is the first time that I see Loba bracelet working, amazing!
So Valkyrie is Farrah from OverWatch
Hullo Ash. Maybe if I liker battle royale
She has the high ground
just imagine if Octane could performe stunts like this man ... we need wallruns or ninja movements
Ufff
Not a single comment referencing the Starcraft dropship voice line. You uncultured heathens.
Is it only me or should crypto and loba get their own heirlooms
0:34 JUSTICE, RAINS FROM ABOVE  🙄
What happened to Path's voice 😭
Cool cool NOW CAN WE FINALLY GET CROSS  SAVE RESPAWN!
So is ash taking over the arenas and no more mad Maggie?
Hey uhhhhh wanna fix the fill teammates option? Haven’t had teammates in doubles since you put that feature in.
She already needs a nerf
Who else thought at the start it was DOOM guy
People say Apex died but it’s #2 trending. It was also #2 trending during the chaos theory event trailer as well.
ASH? AS IN WAIFU ASH? RONIN ASH????
me gusta el nuevo jugador
Oh my god, I’m so pumped
My das hab an nice co k
2:13 My mom at 3 a.m when she catches me on my Nintendo ds on a school night
Tufi be like - watch me now
The first trailer of apex legends  Mirage wraith pathfinder  They are still on the same team!!!
Oh dang she low-key bad tho
Is that ash???????
Man, the cinematics got unbelievably good
Crypto didn't die 😃      And as the cherry on top he probably killed somebody
My b day is on the 24th so this will be a great present
Rare clip of PK  Hopefully the G of squad wipes is back on the ground
She said “I’m in the pipe, 5 by 5” 😥
Mirage is whole vibe
Super sick that they gave Valkyrie an outfit based off of her dad’s
0:59 the fact that the jumps are synced with the beat makes me so happy
shes bout to have the most cringe voicelines in the game
The octane clip made him look like a better legend also when  harrison stepped on octanes stim he stop going supper supper speedy fast so new thing to do?
Looking like pharah but thank god we have hit scans lol
Every thing she said was a viper quote
Anyone else get the joke when path says I love whoever came up with this game?
Me: chooses valkyrie  Teammates: Imma head out
Every part of this trailer is FIRE! 🔥
Wraith 💙
is that ash from tf2?
#1 On Trending Baby 🖤!
Oof she doesn’t look Japanese at all in this trailer
Ash is the new announcer! 😲
弓矢だぁ楽しみ
Lifeline revive has been reworked awesome
The best trio come back again ( Mirage, wraith , pathfinder)
There faces lookin a lil weird lol
I love how Wraith said "Remember Me?", because people rarely play her
Justice rain ahhhhhhhh… I'm on the ahhhhhhhhhhh…
It’s literally pharaoh from overwatch
2 new maps ???
we getting 2 characters at once? :o also bow new weapon?looks hype! also hoping this battle pass is better than the last
This animation was way better than the seven deadly sins anime💀💀💀😭
That’s some god tier animation
Im the only one who notice loba doesn't take a while to take back her bracelet
Seeing ash in the trailer only makes me believe one day she will be added as a legend an i’m here for it..
I already hate valk like I bet teenage boys with dad issues will play her and she's just annoying
久しぶりにミラージュが殺されない回
Was the one where wraith exits the portal with a wingman to caustic similar to the first apex trailer?
Titanfall 3 looking pretty good ngl 👌
Trailers were octane frickin dies: 3
wait what they add a freaking BOW to the game ?!
BEST TRAILER SO FAR GJS APEX
I love Mirage and Wraith's friendship
Make a dag on MOVIE
Let's not forget that Mirage is the nephew of the legendary pilot Davis. Hed better have some unique dialogue with Valkyrie.   Awesome trailer btw respawn
Just watched this in my math class
POV : You got so hyped up from the trailer decided to play some games, ending in a team of retards flaming each other
ALRIGHT.... THIS IS THE BEST TRAILER EVER.... THEY DEFINITELY CHANGE THE STYLE, CAMERA MOVEMENT,  MORE ANIMATED AND  ALIVE....
Does anyone else think octane should get a wall bounce when he stims?
H Y P E
I love how they referenced the first ever trailer with pathfinder saving mirage and wraith.
New map hype
I did not understand
“They fly now?” “They fly now.”
I absolutely loved it, can Respawn create a show already?
This is so faked. Lobas bracelet would not have worked right there.   Why Octane gotta die all the time! Still an amazing trailer tho
Fuuuuu yeaahhh!!! ✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽
0:12 Did she just quote a scene from the combat drop pilot in Aliens? " I'm in the pipe, 5x5" 😎 *That's awesome!*
😍
First was Kuben blisk, then Viper's daughter, now Ash is back, whats next, Kane's sister?
It’s not a matter of if the trailer gets on 1# trending. It’s a matter of when.
Did you guys notice how Watsons fences were off until octane went near them possible Watson buff????😳
bow is the first weapon with no optics slot, maybe?
Wait.... So... New Character......Once Valkyrie comes out I’m grinding to get her
YEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!
HOpe they delete olympus for ever.  I'm not buying battlepass when olympus is in rotation.
This just makes me love wattson, octane and mirage more
apex legend only
I don’t remember ash having a brain in titanfall 2 😐
Oh we NEED more battle animations like these!!!  That was so freaking awesome.
IS THE PK  BACK
Lets appreciate how satisfying it was was how octane almost outran 2 people
5 by 5 she said it she said the line she's worthy
BRO!!! SHE BETTER BE RELATED TO VIPER IN THE LORE!!!!!
when will you make titan fall 3
why does pathfinder sound sick
1:35 loba is shooting at mirage and wraith with a new weapon???
If she flies and does that barrage move she is basically pharah from overwatch.
This is the best trailer cause we see all the legends interact with one another
Is it just me or do you think her ultimate will be her up in the air with some rockets like seen in the vid
Something tells me the characters are getting extra abilities.
diet coke northstar
STOP THESE NEW SEASONS AND YOU ALL WORK ON YOUR SERVERS FIRST
1:48 HA just like her dad
0:47 Every octane main when their the last one in the squad
hello raiman :)
ITS THE OG TEAM (Path, wraith, mirage)
I REALLY hope that bow is a new normal weapon and not her ult.
Seria bkn que hicieran una serie en Netflix de apex Legends 🔥🔥🔥🔥
so many changes here.... wattson fence, peace keeper back???
Bro wraith killed caustic 2 times now💀💀
Me when I realize that Respawn isn't actually adding titans to apex legends: *I'm not upset, just disappointed.*
NO ASH MY BEAUTIFUL
Le petit "c'est la vie" de Watson... j'adore !!!
No more legends, just predators.
Pog??
Easily the best f trailer yet
"I own the skies" the Kraber says otherwise
wow shes a horrible voice actor
Blizzard  hates octane
starting to think she is female viper, the skys belong to her. nowwhere to run, nowhere to hide.
Does this mean a Watson buff (invisible pylon lasers)... probably not.
I hate this game... but this... THIS WAS AWESOME🥵
SO many legends getting a moment being cool but Bloodhound :c, we saw them shoot a bit and get bombed by a Fuse, that's it  Still, nice trailer
No...no. You can't just pretend to acnoladge titanfall. For the love of god just give us something
Is it just me or does this launch trailer art style look way worse than the previous ones? It almost looks more cartoonish rather than the classic cell shaded borderlands ones :(
MAS MANIJA QUE MANIJIN
Okay Okay. Wait WHERES THE LIFELINE SHIELD
THIS LOOKS SOOOOO GOOD
Best trailer ever and thought season 3 was good
Can't wait to see the gameplay of 1HP knocks.
HYPE.
Gameplay trailer please
É, para um jogo que todo mês tá morrendo - segundo alguns -, até que tá legal.
Viper was my favorite boss fight, only one that was a challenge on the high difficulty. Also he was just cool.
Is watson ability change?
My queen loba got punched by a smiling robo... Well I didn't expect that lol
Yo why they gotta do my boy Ocatane like that!?!? And no lifeline? Cheez bashing on my favorite legends.   At least I got to see my 3rd favorite mirage get a spotlight lol
So cool
apex is probably shutting down after this ngl
These launch trailers get better and better
1:44 pathfinder thot patrol
Juste au début elle a dit 5 sur  5🤩🤩
I want ash
1:36 what it like to be at mirage voyage
ahhhh shiieeett
no cap this is how some of us octane mains be like in this trailer 😂
Cool trailer but I like the old graphics for it bc there voices actually go with how there mouth does
That octane moment felt like so many in game situations.. minus the Watson.. hold on she can activate her doors now 😮😮😮
I feel like Mirage is going to become a meme one day
Chances my mind valk = phara ow
loba got hit by a bot just like her dad
The best video by far
At this rate octane will be dieing in every  trailer
ACABO DE MOJARME DE LA MANERA MAS ÉPICA DEL MUNDO. EL EQUIPO DETRÁS DE LAS ANIMACIONES ES UNA TREMENDA BOLA DE MASTERS PROS MLG FULL HD 4K 120fps. 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
it’s great to see ash again in the apex games(although we assembled her in season 5 i think). and that Vipers daughter is taking in some of his signature lines. “viper got you in the pipe 5 by 5” god the titanfall 2 days where the best. and they still are. but that aside. the animation is just perfect
Nobody talking about how Bangalore full auto a g7 scout
so at 1:00 did they finally add a way to double wall jump? or is that just made for the cinematic?
pls tell me that valk has a skin W/ her pulse blade helmet on
I love the reference to the first trailer at 1:26.
peacekeeper mi baby
Ooff they nerfed lifeline
es lo mejor de lo mejor woooooooooooooo el mejor juego yes
they need to make this into a netflix series fam 🔥
Bro this is how you do F2P the right way
Season 1 is coming back? THANK FKING GOD!
NUMBER 1 ON TRENDING BABY
Mirage's voice is beautiful
My mans Caustic got ICED
1:55 Ash?  2:45 THATS ASH!!!?
Bring back worlds edge please
Can we talk about how Different Valk looks compared to the Outlands trailer?
This is by far one of the best trailers we've ever had.
I am beyond hyped
Replica of Pharah really?
Eyyyy #1 on trending!
Am I the only one who wants a movie
Y’all are doin octane wrong, let him live for once
1:48 me about to dunk on my brother in any game be like
time to dc mid fight...
Pathfinder is the only person you can’t get mad at when he kills you😭😭😭
1 season = 1 legend , this is why OW dried out .
Why does octane gotta die the worst tho in every season trailer
Was that ash at the end?
JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE 0:35
Yess that was awesome
Valkyrie:"You can have the ground, i own the sky" Viper:"The skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide"
why is octane always killed ?    qwq
But why is this game so hard
holy
ok budget pharah LOL
アッシュ…？！
Pog I’ve been waiting for valk since she got leaked
Ok this is hype! Can't wait!
i love how they putting more titanfall into this one
Respawn: Wraith can't have Naruto run anymore because it makes her harder to shoot Respawn: Valk can fly
Valk: Were you killed? Ash: Sadly yes... Ash: But I lived
Best Battle Royal
FEMALE VIPER
Next time” i own the sea”
Valk reminds me of Viper from tf2
Pharah looks pretty cool
Still no BLACK MALE legend. So much for EVERYONE being represented. Bah, it’s cool. We know the drill.
APEX is best !
Who is the last person ?
#1 trending in gaming when im watching
Ma baby Wattson.....
everyone talking about valk and people but no one is talking about Ash at the end
*INSANE*
This is gonna be titan fall 3 in scared what this game is gonna turn into
Bring back the peacekeeper as floor loot!
Horizon in this video 😫
🔥
THIS IS THE BEST SEASON EVER
With valkyrie using a bow and arrows does that mean they might make crossbows or just bows cause that would be awesome and just have different tipped arrows would be sweet as well
RIP horizon mains, here comes the nerf...
Hence horizon using a peace keeper. I heard it’s going back on the floor. 😍
It's ash Eeeee
RIP Octane. He gets absolutely butchered in the trailer and is gonna be nerfed to death in season 09.
Best trailer ever even though octane got folded
Hate her personality it’s just like the rest of em. But still Badass
BOW BOW BOW BOW BOW BOW BOW BOW
Cheif, this is the one.
As long as Maggy isnt with us this time again D:
Pk is coming back baby
how about we get Titanfall 3 and get back on track with the fun games instead of continuing this battle royale nonsense? that would be great.
Man if the arena mode gives all the wraith/octane guys who hotdrop, get downed instantly and then leave immediately a place to themselves then I am 100% in favour of this!  Depending on how arena is structured, bloodhound could be absolutely brilliant in the mode too, she would have a great advantage.
I still can’t believe that Ash was on the dumpster
Nice :0
This is going to be the best season yet . Man do I love this game
We might also have emotes and wraiths new phase
"Cooper, aim for the cockpit. Take the shot."    Rip Voodoo One.
At 2:17 in the top right corner you can see that thing Crypto's sister found that predicts who would win and with what, and earlier you can see Ash seems to actually be monitoring how aggressive Revenant is acting. Also, at the same 2:17 shot, you can see piolet helmets at the top, with Revenant just above her right shoulder. I think that timer on the left says next match, but I can't quite make it out.
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
"you hit your last ride son, the sky's belong to me, no where to run, no where to hide"🤣🤣🤣🤣
It appears we might get to break windows
WAIT THEY CAN FLY NOW!!
I’m hoping the wraith that came out of the portal who said “Remember Me” all badass like is alluding to that she is the unnerfed version of wraith back from S1 <3. @Respawn. Resurgence and Legacy both embodied in S9 supposedly. Resurgence means bringing back what was once good and refresh. Peacekeeper back to ground loot snd everything I am seeing so far is painting that to be true and I couldn’t be more excited for S9. OMG PLEASE SAY IT IS TRUE . Lo l
Is this a new map??
Was here when this dropped and can’t help but rewatch for that BEAT
Now all that's left is to go to the SRS.
Literally watched this in the middle of my math class
とりあえずチート対策に予算割ってもろて。新しいゲームモードやキャラクターがいくら出たところで、チーターによって壊されたままじゃ楽しくないし楽しめない。ゲームのアップデートより先にチーター対策をしないと、いくらアップデートしたところで人は離れて行ってしまうと思う。
amo apex mano XD
Everyone fighting:     Octane taking drugs:your too slow
Did she really just say "im in the pipe 5 by 5"?
Is peacekeeper finally back in normal loot?!
Season 1 gang wya?
That was a sick trailer
OLD TRIOS IS BACK BOISSS
again, thanks for the new main
So she's broken
Incrível
Did Ash stick branthium into her head?
Kechu lada
if they buffed wattsons trap like that it's going to be every octane players worst fear.
So y'all just basically made horizon fly? With missles
Fun fact 1:50 ash did this game and if you remember the season 6 comic is a good Easter egg
50th time watching this, definetly going to main Valk
Is g7 getting a hop up?
Why does octane get murdered like every trailer💀
Don't mind me, just gonna watch Octane die on repeat.
Bro caustic keeps getting clapped by wraith
The whole time I was saying buff? Buff? Buff? Buff? Buff?
as a mirage main thats exactly the scene i was expecting
Are we all not gonna notice that watson buff her fence got octane stuck it might be a design thing but it might not be and our suspicions were correct we indeed have the Peacekeeper back or horizon could have gotten it out a care package but this is a game let's drive ourselves crazy with these theories what do y'all think
Plot twist. Ash is the new playable  character and we’ve all been punked
The models look so different
Valk was using a bow 😱 can’t believe a bow is coming to apex
"In the pipe running five by five" And like that, you've made her say the one line I wanted her to say
2:33 SHE JUST STOLE VIPERS LINE WHAT
Кто то полюбому радовался когда рефу наконец отп**дили
First time I’m really hyped for a new legend
0:21 Why is the G7 Shooting so fast?
Valk better have a voice line saying "No where to run, no where to hide"
今までのトレーラーで1番かっこいい
When mirage hit his decoy at 1: 28 it did not dissolve so Mabye that means mirage decoys buff.
Okay but like this kind of animation would be good if they made a movie or a show about it!! :)
There’s now gonna be a new legend
This trailer was sickkkk
2 legends??
❤❤❤❤
At least Crypto didn't die on this trailer🤣🤣🤣
YEA
all legends show up !!!!
Aye it’s pharah!  😂
-Watch Ash's screens in slow motion  -This map seems to be a fusion of KC and olympus
Day 1 of Season 9 : Make sure to uncheck Fill Teammates and pick Valk  Thank me later.
You good mirage?
Ash is here
This was the Best Game Trailer i saw in 2021and 2020 ;D
just sad we don't get the cool sound effect when valk activates her ult.
pro players seeing this, and valk flying around, "needs to be nurffed right away." "it isn't for comp its to strong", etc lolol, cant wait for the crying of season 9
I want this now
fix the servers
HOLY FU- ARENA MODES???? bruh been begging for 2 straight years respawn u bout to make me the happiest pilot around q.q
Miss world edge
1:45 I removed the thot, friends!
Seems like the peacekeeper is coming back
any word on which studio made the trailer this time?
its EA,RESPAWN and DICE Time to Shine
if their animation skills are getting this good i really think we’re gonna need a show it would be so good😩
かっこよすぎだろ　最高
the best .
This is epic
Peacekeeper back?????????
0:34 pharah????? They copied pharah?????
Valkyrie: I own the skies  Me: no, you can’t do that!
VIPER?!!
Pharah is in the game now? Unbelievable.
It looks like PK is coming back to the ground. You can notice when Horizon is holding it there is iron sights instead of holo, so it could be a possibility that Peacekeeper is swapping with Triple Take.
That octane animation was the coolest
BAD GUY IS A ''ASH'' ???
dont animate legends wallrunning if we aint geting wallrunning
Amazing 🤩
Trop fort 💖
Not much of bloodhound in this clip?
Un arco? como en fortnite
Who else’s favourite scene is octane 😂
Wraith's gunshot hit Caustic as hard as his nerf did
I love how bangalore uses the g2 as an automatic at 20
Valkyrie sending a bunch of missiles, it’s literally Pharah ultimate in Overwatch
Dont nerf horizon
pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe you  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe
Dont nerf horizon
0:34 : JUSTICE RAIN FROM ABOVE !!!!
BOWS??? FLYING ABILITIES.... NEW MAP!!! IT GETS BETTER AND BETTER GOOD JOB APEX!!!
HYPE
I am beyond hyped for a bow in Apex, just because it's the first non-ballistic weapon we're getting, really excited to see what they do with it.
"Prepare For apex legends"
Sheeeshh
シンプルにカッコ良すぎて震えた
Mirage was the had the funniest moment I think
The octane one is me trying to run from the quad that killed my teamates.
Pharah in apex Oh no
PEACEKEEPER OUT THE VAULT
The best BR!
- Added Valk - Removed Octane
My boi octane was speeding
si es weeeeeeeeeeeeeee
LESSGOOOO
Wait.... she is the pilot incarnation of northstar titan!!!!
Love the style of this trailer
She’s gonna be broken asf and I already know it😂😂
Ok this was easily the best animation they've done. So bright and expressive
Pharah? Is that you?
I love action packed trailers like this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The whole sequence of horizon chasing octane was fire af.
1:48 like father like daughter
So good
This game keeps getting closer and closer to titanfall with each season!!!!
1:16 when you're parents came home early while you're having a party
Call of duty and fortnite gonna pull out their notepad!
o mai god esto va ser epico papus
this is sick but can you fix the switch port
How dare she tamper with his helmet
Octane is my favorite part about these animated trailers ❤️
The helmet is going to be a limited time legendary skin you have to buy isn't it?😐
Is that a new map or Worlds Edge but different?
New game?
0:40: that better be a voice line!
It feels like i have seen this animation before but i don't now why
Are we just going to ignore that all the Legends have killed each other multiple times now and are seemingly oblivious to this? They don't understand they are clones pitted against each other time and time again?
Been awhile since I felt this way about apex sheeeesh
Oh my god. All the viper lines. THIS IS AMAZING
Music?
Ash season 10?
every cinematic of this game is a masterpiece
Great.... Pharah with a bow😑
i really wanted ash to come but valk is coo ig
This is BIG
Is this video showing a Watson buff? Yea it electricutes u when u go thru it but doesn’t do what it did to octane in the video.
WORLDS EDGE BABY
i want to say this is amazing. i am really surprised by how good the flow of movement and fighting in the trailer is. the legends feel like they have momentum in their sprinting, and guns feel like they have power behind their bullets. You did amazing here, Respawn. you maybe even outdid season 2's trailer, which I hold in extremely high regard.
Seeing again the classic trio mirage, wraith and path makes this 100x better!
Good :)
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT ASH GODDANGIT
Why do they hate caustic so much? He’s by my opinion the most interesting character and he deserves some much needed love..
LESSSSSSS GO!!!!
90% confident now that Ash is after Valkyrie
wait how did i comment a day ago
You know got a og wingman skullpericer
yoooo pathy smached loba
cant wait
нет слов, ни кто лучше не сделает. Respawn вы лучшие. Люблю вас.
Wait, is wattsons tactical changing? And fuses ult is gonna be square? Double tap is back? Is the G7 scout going to be good again, or will it stay trash like it has the past 2-3 seasons?
So.we just ignore pathfinder voice?
I've never been this exited about a new season than now...
Ya ash is goin to be the ‘mad’ Maggie of this season.
Did I just see Octane do some wall jumping?
みんなつり目つり目言ってたからなんか直してくれたのかな。前よりヴァルクの顔がイケメンになってる気がする
Yo this is a new map I think?
Ask respawn how many bugs , server lag and no audio on this season which is didn't fix yet on season 8.
It’s gonna be awesome
Wraith saving mirage was funny af.
So they added Pharah....
Anyone think that Watson fence part and loba teleporting with her gun out are hinting at this seasons buffs and fixes? Sorry if they are and have been announced already. I don’t keep up with information about the game, I just watch trailers and stuff as they come lol
Mirage path wraith best comp????
Lets Titanfall people
Look how they massacred my boy, she pretty much stole Viper's personality and identity, I wanted to see more of him
Is Peacekeeper finally on the ground?
*I deadass thought Ash was dead after well.. explosions in the campaign of TF2 but i guess not*
I think the select fire is back because of the single fire on the havoc
Still waiting for the horizon nerf
Finally gettin Ash and the titanfall 3 universe
Did Pharah get a new skin? Justice rains from above
All I want is a Loba buff that will make her tactical actually useful
Please add an Arabic language to the game
Valkyrie owns the skies until someone has a charge rifle😆
Ash has a thing for Rev, change my mind.
This looks incredible, especially as Ash turned the violence up to "Brutal"
Leave PATHY alone unless it’s a buff❤️❤️
I swear I don't use octane but he is my favorite
bruh apex preditors arent anything special newbie pilot no diffed them all
I cant tell if there killing eachother or its a endless loop
1:51 Respawn patting themselves on the back lol
MIRAGE VOYAGE BACK BABYYYYYYY
“Your journey ends here pilot, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide”
"im in the pipe 5 by 5"
Made me tear up a little bit 😭 .. this one just hit a little different 😂🔥
Pharah
No one talking about how angry gibby was when valkyrie killed his team??
ASH?!
Where are all my Miwraith fans at... squeals in girl 💘
SHE SAID THE 5 PIPE LINE WOOOOOOOOOOO
Lets GOOOOO!!!
1:26 accurate representation of Respawn nerfing Caustic into the ground
I have been wanting a bow and Titans for apex legends for so long
You guys have really improved animation-wise, so expressive! Keep it up
Season 6 Comic: Pathfinder thinks of Ash as his Girlfriend Pathfinder now: 'I love whoever came up with this new game!'  Oh Pathfinder..
Bow... really ?
Finally new legend! Oh wait... Pharah? ...
Servers any better?
Dayum been a half year not playing this game..
I’m so excited copping bp instantly
pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe Valkyrie pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe
I just remembered that bangalore's heirloom is a data knife, and there is a new actual pilot, I'm pretty sure the potential for the plot is rising here.
🔥🔥🔥
Path I know ya didn’t jus kick my girl 🤬
This season is going to be amazing
Anyone notice the subtle Watson buff? The fence pops once an enemy activates it. Das a good one.
Nice animations
SHE SAID THE THING!!!!
I need more ash
I enjoy apex more than COD I don't care what people say
So her ability is flying and her ult is litteraly Farah from overwatch? Seems op...
pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe  you pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe
Hi Ash
lets hope that pks ground loot
Hahaha look at all these skin suits
bukkowareyaro!!
Just make a show or mini series I promise y’all would make absolute bank
xD mirage
I just love how instead of going with a new character every season and forgetting the last one they keep them going
Apex Mobile be looking sick!
I'm gonna main her for nostalgia
Oh man I really really hope they add double jumping at will and wall running.               And Titans.
song name?
Fix the servers
Why do they have to do my boy caustic like that
Valkyrie: When you get to h*** tell em Valkyrie sent you.  Ghost of viper: that’s my line!
Im so hyped
I can't believe this is a very awesome game on Apex Legends season 0-9, is super crazy to all of Legends, 1 million star's for EA
And warzone trailer just released too , now thats what i call a good day
so lit
all things I saw in this in case anyone is wonder non are true just saying what I think may happen  -Valk definitely new character -Possibility of Auto lifeline Rez while team mates still hold knockdown shield -Peacekeeper may become ground loot -Fuse buff maybe ult looks different  -Possible valk barrage ult -Octane drops his stim on the ground maybe hinting the nerf or some new concept  -Ash as possible Announcer for the season  -Possible return of Octane POI  -Worlds Edge New Watson buff maybe where you get damage more for walking through.  Again all of these are speculation if this helped please like!!
When Crypto slapped Horizon with his drone I felt a rush of joy and satisfaction surging from my toes up my spine
i love the callback to the first trailer with wraith, mirage, and caustic
Dang Caustic got laid out lol
I will be streaming this on my channel so tune in 🙏🙏
Give cuastic a buff
I think it's my second favourite trailer after seazon 4. The same vibe brothers
WOOOOO
0:34 Justice rains from above
1:15 wich weapon is this?
6 v 6 would be pretty cool  this could finally be the COD killer we have all been waiting for
Path is officially on the thot police they shall eliminate them from existence
Wait is that Ash or "ashes"
Spoiling us titanfall fans, I love it.
meanwhile thousands of apex players..... ERROR code:net 😶
I am literally screaming like a little kid right now
Soooooo is worlds edge coming back?? Just put all the maps in rotation. That’s what the players want
Rip octane 2018-2021 he was fast and lived fast❤️
pharah overwatch 1:1
YEAAAAAH
0:22 Lifeline pulling some sick dance moves
I will never stop simping for wattson😐💯  1:04
"I love whoever came up with this new game!" ~ Path
Mirage is just the best.
Hyypppppeeeeeee
Goooooood.🤟❤️
2:07 I like ur Cut G
I can’t believe they added Pharah from Overwatch into Apex Legends
Like father like daughter
money talks....
Anyone else notice at around :20 looks like Bangalore's scout has burst fire
> And get ready to go beyond battle royale.   WHAAAAAAAAT?!?!!? TF3 in 2021?!
sheeesh
Jet pack joy ride
The legends feel more alive
love the noxkdowns
Pretty sure I ripped ash from her ronin and squeezed till she went POP.. I didn't realize you could survive that.
Can we also appreciate how the art style has improved over the trailers? Or is it just me
2:13 long live the king
I'M IN THE PIPE 5 X 5 WOOOOOO!!
"Go beyond battle Royale"? Team death match, no, Atrittion , Anyone?
Can we appreciate the fact that they put every legend in this cinematic.
IS THIS A NEW MAP????
Worlds Edge is coming back better than ever, I’m finna nut
Me encantó Nice 👍👍👍👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️
My life is that much closer to being complete! 🤗🥰
This cinematic is 🔥🔥🔥
This birch got waves
Are we not gonna talk about how they gave wraith an r99 and a wingman?
Ya hagan una película chingadamadre awa
Utter cringe so cheesy it's commical
This was so hype
They don't miss
Ok, how did Bangalore shoot 3 bullets out of that g7 in under a second (0:21)
Okay but the way Crypto used his drone to knock out Horizon was 🙌🏾🔥
This has got to be the best Apex trailer yet. So cool
ARENA MODE HYPE LETS GO APEX & RESPAWN!!
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWS
Apex needs a tv show.
This honestly feels like a movie trailer, anyone with me on that?
0:12 SHE SAID THE THING
I already dont like valks ability, you see how that Horizon  was having trouble with that crypto drone? Imagine that but with a wingman or a r99/r301 beaming you. It’s literally a mobile horizon that can throw multiple granades. Cant wait to die because someone decided to press left bumper and ult
2:13 now thats the best finisher ever
IN LEGACY I WILL BE KNOWN
Arenas are gonna be team deathmatch modes
Hopefully respawn can do what they did in season 5 with side quests it was awesome
2:26 the detail on his face is amazing
One of the best apex trailer
Como siempre los octanes corriendo de los balazos
poor caustic keeps getting humiliated but i'm glad to see horizon getting bitchsmacked by my boy
This is so dope🔥
чисто сфоровали Фару из овервотч))
bow thats aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i havent been keeping up with apex much lately, but it looks like valkyrie is the new character and is basically pharah, theres a bow now, a new map controlled by ash, and some more ash lore?
We need this finisher Respawn 0:40
Please add ash as new character
Amazing as allways
can octane walk on walls??
Just in time to compete against Warzone
AYO FARAH FROM OVERWATCH
I know he dies later, but it's too satisfying to see Octane run like this
Anyone know why pathfinder sounds different?
Finally something with Loba 🖤
Why is it always Octane getting pulled in the trailers? 😭
Mirage is Bae
I think it's a new game?
Why octane always get rect in these trailers
Ash is back?!
Esta ser cool este trailer bellísimo
Jesus what did they do with Ash
*WHATCH ME NOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW......oh hey* mirage-
Rev x ash shipped it
I can already tell the skins are gonna be awesome
ALready my favourite legend
I’m scared but happy
🤩🤩🤩🤩
PK GROUND LOOT
It's official, I be maining Apex now xD
LEG ends
This is my favorite trailer now
The Best trailer va ser difícil superarlo
Season 2 Wattson: I can't believe you almost died Octane. I can't forgive anyone who would do this. . Season 9 Wattson: Sa LA VI!
Viper: Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide... The skies are mine! Valkyrie: I Rule the Skies!
*SHEEEEEEEEEESH*
THE PK IS COMING BACKKKKKKKK
1:26 nice callback
Mirage is funny watch me nowwwwww oh hey😂😂
I hate her Attitude it’s so weird
I see a new map
LETS GO
Hype hype hype hype hype hype
Trailer was amazing  Seeing Wattson posted up on the wall like that was awesome
PHARA ULT WHAT
Pharah from overwatch????
getting jack sparrow vibes from mirage.
Cant wait to unlock pharah... I mean Valkyrie
that octane scene is the beeest.. i cant stop rewatching that 🤗🤗
0:22 lifeline didn’t even try to revive because holding your knockdown shield is better than reviving with her now...
Ash hello
Number #1 on trending for gaming...    Nice
2:13 is what happens when you don't stick with your team! See ya'll next season fellas!
Arenas????
Ура
One of the best launch trailers I’ve ever seen!!
idk why Bloodhound charging like that made me laugh.
1:15 steals the show again
We not gonna talk about how rev just bodied wraith
This is the best trailer yet. It is like season 1 and 3 style. I LOVE IT!
A buff for Wattson !?
Still think Apex is dead? Yeah me either
AMAZING
かっけえ
Not another white map , my eyes is blind already please , playing your game midnight is pain
0:40 Valkyrie should have said “the skies belong to me” like viper from titanfall 2
I hate how they bully Caustic every trailer
Pretty annoyed they are adding bows
BEST. TRAILER. YET.
00:35 ???「Justice rains from above」
2:28 dang it Val, what’s with you and ruining perfectly good drinks by shooting them
Oh no, she doesn't keep the helmet on
This is great and all. But where’s titanfall 3
After this trailer I think I should quit Fortnite and go play apex Legends
0:34 *Justice rains from above.*
WHAT MAP WAS THAT??!!
Apex and Valorant make the best cinematic trailers and gameplay videos you'll ever see they're truly a blessing from the lord
Wow !.....
Siiiick
Not a fan of that new character. Looks like someone familiar that I hate tbh. But at least they made the trailer good.
Was bangs G7 full auto???????
Just awesom !
Valkyrie is Respawn's go at Pharah from Overwatch
no entiendo nada son muchas cosas al mismo tiempo jaja xd  PD: porque los graficos de este trailer son diferentes a los otros?
This. This right here is why I love apex legends
SHE SAID IT, SHE SAID THE THING!!
9na season and Apex still alive iconic!!!!!!
The og squad path wraith and mirage
ash hair moment
I absolutely Love Everthing about this -again a masterpiece of a Trailer respawn
Please this be a setup for Titanfall 3, please this be a setup for Titanfall 3, please this be a setup for Titanfall 3, please this be a setup for Titanfall 3, please this be a setup for Titanfall 3!
Jesus lord just the mirage part
Bro this was amazing! The best trailer yet
They make octane seem like he is sonic
Still waiting on Titanfall 3
LOBA 1:44
PHARAHS COMING TO APEX LETS GO
Song in background is Tommee Profitt  Watch me now
FEMALE VIPER?
使われている曲はなんですか？  What BGM is used?
if you just spent a small amount of this money on fixing your game engine lagging issues would boost your game's rank. shroud when he came back to apex he said in the first game ' back to apex' s laggy servers again '. 1% of packet loss just makes the game unplayable at all. while every other game is running fine in my network. you need to optimise how this game communicate with your servers
0:16 Kinda a mistake respawn, Fuse didnt shot motherlode by his hand cannon, but with Wally (That big boi on his back)
This is why I love apex legends the game is so amazing
Hey, its that bow that was spotted in a screenshot on World's Edge ages ago!
"Mom pick me up I'm scared"
Sooooo anyone going to talk about how Wattson is now able to turn her fences on and off orrr 👀
Foda pacaraaaii!! OCTANEEEEEEEEEE HAHAHA
I'm almost as hyped up as I would be if they fixed the servers.
Animation getting finer each time
Song tho???
It's Farrah from OverWatch
I’m not the only one that noticed pathfinder sounds different, right?
0:20 Wait a minute...was that G7 on automatic or is double tap trigger back confirmed?
Oooohh yeah !! Valk and Ash... time to get back into Apex
they need to give this team a movie deal. or let them make TF3 :'(
Anyone else see crypto heirloom
Are we not gonna talk about Wattson’s pose when octane showed up ooh wee at 1:04
Me encanta!!!!!! <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Hope her launch bundle is gonna be more than just the base skin with a helmet
Stop playing and pease just it a show already!
New season looking insane already
H Y P E !
mirage is a legend 😂
Why they gon do my man octane like that 😂
nice man animations getting way better
So disappointed that valk didn't say any viper lines
ok again this showed nothing about the new season. stop these clickbait videos already respawn. just show actual gameplay and not these dumb cartoons
Hello phara
Welcome Pharah😂
Octane getting targeted every trailer
boba fett is finally in apex legends let’s go
Feels cheap she hasn’t earned it ....              Yet anyways
valkyrie basically being human-sized viper, Lifeline note reviving the downed bloodhound + no shield, Octane being the most Octane I have ever seen him just running and laughing maniacally like an octane main. Horizon with the pk? maybe it's coming out. The wraith Mirage banter, Lobastacticle working. This trailer gives me everything I can hope for.
Dude.seriously.good f***ing job respawn
I like how they actually showed all the legends in one trailer
poor fuse lost his cold one and became a cold one himself  :/
ausam!!!
Why does octane get wrecked in every trailer
Does this woman with a jetpack not live like a viper and the same text from titanfall 2
Hey it's only me or fuse looks kind of different in the trailer I guess more brighter or something
What happend to Path's Voice? :c
I’m hyped now than ever before 😱😱
So new op is phara from overwatch
Sheeeeeyyyyyysh
0:20 anyone notice double tap might be coming back 👀
So phara from ow just got introduced to the legends.... I know it's titanfall
Valkyrie is bar
This is low quality but I like it
4 hours in: 2 million views, 213.737 Likes and 994 Dislikes.. some salty warzone guy during his gulag: "tHiS gAmE iS dEaD"
any indians??👍
Nais
If only they were good in create hitbox like they are in creating trailers, this game would be awesome.
BOUTTA GO 2-0 AGAINST THE VIPER FAMILY
Today is warzone new season and also apex new season. BRO this is so cool
Thus is the kinda stuff we neeeeed! Glad to have been hear for two years to see this progress an to contribute to it!
Так много казней в одном трейлере ещё не было))
#1 trending lets gooo
Your journey ends here, Pilot. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
When she killed giddy that was definetly a finisher
im an octane main nerf horizon so she cant shoot well in the gravity lift
Fix the game yeah?
0:20~ 姉貴かっこよ……
Everyone is actually happy with this trailer? I didn't think it was possible, well done Respawn 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
man, yall really don't like caustic.  :/
Is it just me or are we getting another HORIZON! wow respawn another annoying character. Yep probably not playing this season
New map! New legend! New legendary skin for that legend! New Bow! And Ash
Woah. Pharah is in apex
Best lore/story in any game out right now!
Ya no puedo esperaaaar siii
I swear this is the most stylish and adrenaline-filled trailer since battle charge
Valk seems like Pharoah from Overwatch
Alot of pk's in the trailer... floor loot again?
Voodoo 1, viper is on station. Your journey ends here pilot 'The sky's belong to me, no where to run, no where to hide' i was really hoping for some viper dialogue she would take 0:12 felt good
each frame of this trailer can be a wallpaper
Valkyrie stealing Fuse’s quip also means she just stole his spot as my main
Was octane wall hop a possibility..? Pilots rise up 😏
free
Yo idk what happened in this video but I’m excited 😄
Let’s go pk back finally
For my first actual FPS game  Not bad apex Not bad
yeeyeyyeyeye we hyped for new season
This looks like the best season yet
This one is for the Pilots
0:23 Lifeline really gonna drop the drone but not tap the bloodhound smh
honestly i think interactions are my favorite parts of trailers, so this is definitely my new favorite one
Japanese legend with an american accent.....massive let down there.
I just had a bad day and this made it a good day
No one talking about how now you can use your knockdown shield when being revived by lifeline
Pero que entrada de la loba🤤
JUST LET WORLDS EDGE BACK, THATS ALL THAT MATTERS TO ME
Yo I love the call back to the first launch trailer where wraith saved mirage from caustic
Wait??? A bow??????
0:20 so we not gonna talk about how lifeline dropped her drone for a downed teammate?
Тот самый русский комментарий, который все искали)
Who would win? The Best of the Best  The Apex Predators Or    A Rifleman with little to no training
WATTSON BUFF?!!?
I'm excited for our new legend and announcer
Viper: the sky belongs to me.  Valkyrie: i own the sky.
Ima love playing Valkyrie. She gonna be OP
Players:Please nerf flying torret bug with crypto Respawn:ok  Always respawn: add a flying legend!
RANKED arenas, PLEASE. Everyone will be bored of arenas in the first 2 weeks if there is no ranked version
Season Legacy 👑
This is a opening for a anime or a movie.. Swear to god.
Octane nooooo
2:15
The person at the end must be brother eye
straight Fire 🔥 😍
Do you think this robot figure might be a new apex champion and if so what if he could be the jack of all trades and is able to use all the champions abilities in a random order let me know what you think
Yo since when has ash been in apex legends? haven't played since the launch of the game
got you in the pipe five by five. im so happy she has these lines
My god, the trailers have come such a long way. And I love how each one has its own style, but this is by far the best
Gosh, I love Octane. Just his first line made my heart beat go crazy.
LES FRANÇAIS, c'est moi où j'ai entendu Watson (de base qui parle en anglais) dire "c'est la vie" a Octane avant de l'achever a 1:09
I'm sorry but i cant unsee phyra from overwatch now...
I’m kinda confused, we getting Valkyrie or ash?????
Viper's got you in the pipe 5x5, no way in no way out. Titanfall fans unite!
can't believe this game is F2P
The animation looks kinda like something a in game live event would look, not hating I still loved this
Snoozeville, where's all the building like in fortnite?
Ash and her arenas all the time, did it with cooper now doing it with the legends, when will she be stopped!?
The bestest trailer yet 👍
FIX CHEATERS
Sheeeeesh
So they are gonna give us a higher tick rate server in that patch, right?
1:43 Rare clip of Loba’s bracelet working
Make a movie in this style. Would pay to see it
Remember me
Anyone saw lifeline?? 😁 Guess nobody cares not even respawn xD  Got the feeling that the bow will be underwhelming somehow 😕
This looks like a fan made trailer
Is she a pilot!?
0:00 Respawn mislabled them ESRB rating. It should be A for ADULTS Only, because it contains gambling with real money.
Am I the only one who noticed their animation seem to be improving. This was so smooth
Ahh yes octane beaten up once more
How is Ash talking while her mouth ain’t moving?
As a Day1 player who lost interest after S5, i must say my interest is piqued
I love how they are making the characters more fluid and letting their personality come out
She more annoying than meggie with Valkyrie
INSANEEE
Peacekeeper ground loot?!
lets  gooooooooo apex predator for legends yeahhh
Titanfall 3 hype
1:06 I love how there’s like half a second between octane being shot and him hitting the floor
We need a tv show with 2000 episodes
Thetenfall3 new
THIS IS WHERE THE FUN BEGINS...
I just thought about this are there gonna be different ability tweaks for this game mode that will be separate from the core game ex: octane can wall jump in combat like titanfall, pathfinder gets 2 grapples or revenant could do stuff like in his trailer and re appear behind an enemy after he gets shot out of his totem etc
She is Ash?????? Or other character
Poor loba :(
Nobody: The live chat replay: V I P E R
they teased titans in the stories from the outlands for valk, I really REALLY want them to do something titanfall themed
Remove 3STACK
Trailer Season 2:wattson reviving octane Trailer Season 9:wattson killing octane
Ash?
I remember playing this. Looks like they're doing good! I remember the good ol days when Fortnite threw a fit over Apex being a battle royale and there weren't seasons.
This new style would be great for an animated film
HYPE
Really? No titanfall ulti? Just flying? Horizont already can hover in air... this is so disappointing :(  This is just Pharah without rocket laucher :/
The sky’s belong to me pilot. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide
Idk I feel like she ruins mood no skies andflyingshe more like pharah
Si that ash
1:26 season zero cinematic reference.... remember when wraith always safed mirage from caustic
inb4 Ash is the actual legend for this season.
1 on gaming trending!
Northstar moblie
Summed up Loba tp pretty well: take it and immediately get blasted
These trailers just get better and better omfg
Wait can Loba teleport?
Finaly revenant in the trailer
Full auto g7 add it
Call yourself apex leggins
Love the aliens reference
Let’s go, first apex launch trailer squad was shown 1:48
Valkarie is basically a charecter from overwatch but o forgot her name
I cannot wait for the arena I started playing Apex coz of each legends ability to do a certain task as it was in Paragon MOBA.   So glad Apex is bringing me this.
WHHY tho is this called legacy is this something diffrent in this season? then the others? in gameplay or ranked?
Pharah
WALL RUN CONFIRMD
Anyone else gets emotional whenever apex makes a video???
Is Watson finally gonna get an upgrade? Plz
As if we weren’t being spoiled enough
Yess ash yess
We need a apex legends show and this trailer just proves it
Any one else hate the new girl I feel like her personality is just like loba
I can’t stop watching this I also hope she gets a special drop animation where she use’s her jets to fly down to the map
“How many times you have to say it? You are cover” hahaha
They need to make a apex movie already
Definitely loving all the additional Titanfall lore being incorporated. While I definitely still want to see a TFl3 this is an awesome way for fans of both games to enjoy and appreciate all that respawn has done here.
Great. Feminist legends.....
Where's the Titan >:[
did anyone get chills? i did cuz it's cold inside my house
If only octane was half the speed they showed here and that "the flash" sound effect of running instead of gulping apple juice sound which we have
If this trailer isn’t your reason to be a Mirage main you’re a loser 😂😂 oh man I love him so much
SHE SAID "IN THE PIPE 5by5" :DDDDDDDD
Peacekeeper back on ground?!!!?
Yes, finally I can again be a pilot. Been playing Titan fall 2 for practice.
is it just me or is paths voice dif?
perfect opportunity to say "you can have the ground, the skies belong to me"
Anyone else get this weird emotional rush when they drop content like this? Particularly for me it was 1:25-1:53 I love the attitudes of the characters and the depth of who they really are.
Valkyrie, Plz buff after some weeks.
You see a new legend I see the oppressed Mk 2
Am I the only one that thinks this company is doing by far the best job in making a battle royale?
WHY IS PHARA IN APEX
Anyone else notice she looks  a LOT less Asian here?
The art style looks so different but I like it
0:22 hinting at the lifeline nerf?  I wonder if the drone doesn't shield anymore
Is this episode 72?
Man I wish her fences stayed off till an enemy walks into itin game
How about legacy legends like ash
のんきなレジェンズばっかりだな
So... Waiting for a new season boys! So cool!
bro does this mean apex isn’t just a battle royale anymore? does this mean apex is a true titanfall successor?
This is so good
I️ like how all the Mirage decoys looked at caustic.
SWAG
Wraith and mirage chemistry is so frickin good wow
Is this for mobile
This is the best trailer they've ever made so far
Крууууутто
At 2:16 there is a prediction algorithm. Top right
Anyone else realize that Valkyrie said one of Fuses lines?
Predators!!! uff un titulo que muchos quisieramos tener xD
RETURN TO WHEN IT STARTED?
Valkyrie and Ash just making me itch for Titanfall 3 now, and the new gameplay trailer
well i hate that new art style it s more like a kid game but it is what it is
Tbh this feels poorly done.
So are my fences like elastic now I’m with it I’m with it
Fake, octane is supposed to be much faster. I can already see the nerf.
Im so hyped i bought tf|2
video game companies when they don't know what to name a female character: valkyrie
Wraith gets caustic everytime🤣
Wish octane could flip like that
Been with it since season one.....anyone else.
Bangalore and her trusty G7
This game is so awesome!
So animated series when??
VALK HAS HER DADDIES VOICELINES!!!!
Why they do octane like that
Apex trailers will always be better then fortnight in my opinion
Pathfinder, Wraith and Mirage back together again 😭😭😭
Ok, can she fly in game though.
Phara
Aight' i'm coming back 😒😏
Ha. Gaaaaaaayyyyyy
Chill with all the character additions
I’m actually hyped
Valkyrie has been permanently due to flying
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I'm liking this new snowy map tho
Justice rains from above
You lost me after that archer bow. That better not be her ult. better be just a drop weapon
I like how Valkyrie says viper quotes 0:11    2:34
It looks okay man nothing life-changing  or revealing they took Lifelines main ability and spit it into the trash thus legend has had the same abilities since the start of this game its all down hill from here good luck respawn you ruined my fun let's see what you do next 😉
New map
I hate wattson now
Yes loba getting some actual screen time yes the queen is making her way now
PATHS VOICE
Here come all the titanfall players
This hard 🔥
1:40 Wraith and mirage finally had a good moment
I love octane so much 🤣
Dude am i the only one that noticed? What valkyrie says at the first part of the video is actually a voice line by a starcraft unit called valkyrie. Chills🔥🔥🔥
Valkyrie is the definition of full send
Who is the robot lady?
✨B R U T A L✨
Pathfinder always there for the clutch!
Ash???????????
Apex is done... I played it since season 0... Too much cheaters too much bugs. Nothing get fixed.
Poor octane :(
This is epic
Oh they got the Parkour Octane perfect cant shoot what you cant predict
Loba's face : exists             Pathfinder's foot: it's free real estate.... 👁️👄👁️
I tried playing on your 20tick servers and it hurt my feelings.
🔥
Can we all agree that this is one of the best trailers
i mained mirage before buff yall get on my level i knew he was getting buff. dude i know future
Is it just me or did anyone see Bangalore with a full Auto G7 scout
They just need a animated series
Wraith is really that petty to wait that long just to get back at caustic
Pff. U are taking too much time between seasons. It is really boring...
Why does she look completely different from the other trailer... 😂
Song ?
This is epic
شنو هذا الماب والاوان الحلوه 🤩
Bruh the animation, the new legend, new game mode, god everything is perfect.
it is a legend whose skill I most cannot understand
2:18 Fuzies going on a tear
Letssssss gogogooooooooooooo fupn bowsssssssssssss
Watson the French girl. Would you like my baguette? 😂💀
2:06 As a Crypto main that was satisfying enough for me. See you all in the next season
0:53 they finally made it look like the titanfall stim animation
We need more octane specific lore😭
PK ON GROUND MAYBE
Is it me or Mirage look like he has take some drugs?
Can we take a moment to appreciate how cool this Launch Trailer is,  can we?
Its clear that u are investing more money in trailers than fix the bugs and the broken meta.....
pharah in apex pog
I like the old animation style lot more.  I mean the same thats used in the season 2 trailer.  And also the characters and acting was sucky in my opinion.
Yo Ashes hair tho
Already 5 seconds in she's already doing Starcraft 2 references
Can we all agree that trailers showing the actual in universe apex games in progress are the best ones and we need more like them
Ash is so badass
I need to have a valkyrie quip that says "Let me introduce you to the ground."
I love how the titanfall storyline and the apex storyline are coming together
TÜRKÇE ALTYAZILI versiyonu kanalda yayında. Abone olmayı unutma.
good old pk...try and third party me now...i dare you
Poor Octane 🥲🥲🥲
Apex getting team death match? Count me in!
That Octane animation was SICK
i like how almost everyone got their own little part
Its clear that u are investing more money in the trailers than in the servers.
Klaro que si
My favorite part was 0:00-3:06
So no one is gunna mention Ash just chilling there?
0:34 Justice rains from ab... oops wrong game
So are they adding a team deathmatch mode?
3:04 arena’s gameplay?!? ok guys we have a arena 3v3 mode
За что Октейна так унижают?
IM SO HYPED BRO
LET'S GOOO 🔥🔥🔥
New op hero. Btw this looks like phara 2.0
oh man! as a long time Titanfall player i honestly can't wait for season 9! especially with Valkyrie!
Music is cringe
Pauvre Caustic, toujours intimidé.
To all octane mains, We all can relate to trying to outrun a team and we still get caught 😂😂😂😂
que geniallll ahora ya que lo puedo jugar en xbox sin gold  ya podre jugar sin falta
Another flying legends. An we thought horizon was OP
So now there’s something closer to the older games
if she doesn't say "you hear that ringing in your ear?" i'm uninstalling
octane be going brazzy
I will be maining  this character
THIS LOOKS SICK
Yo I'm now definitely sure what will be crypto's heirloom after watching this trailer
guys don't worry, I'm alive!
Horizon is making your game an absolute joke. Fix that legend and let us play normally again...
too bad gameplay looks nothing like this
HOLY THIS IS SO HYPE
The apex predators legacy is Titanfall... So yeah, time to go back to the Apex predators legacy! TIME TO GO FOR TITANFALL 3!
Oooh that leg raise tho
Best  Apex trailer I have ever seen imo ♥️♥️
1:00 Octane getting wallrun?
Titan fall fans:YEEEEEEEEEEEES!!!
Pk
Lowkey if the game looked like this in a way I think I would enjoy it more
OK BACK
😭😭🔥❤️
The animation was absolutely amazing 👏 enjoyed and loved every little bit of it
So we've just gone full circle from area shooters, to massive battlefield-esque conflicts ,to battle royales, and now back to arena shooters? Finally.
Respawn took this trailer to another level
Wattson is so cutee
0:20 the double tap is back for the Eva and g7
New a animation epixxx
Shechhhh
no ones talking abt the G7 shooting like an automatic?
Wall run in apex?
I wonder if Watson's fences are going to be buffed, they looked invisible at 1:01.
Give spitfire to the drop
The animation is so good, well done whoever made it 👍
I haven’t played this game since release but still watch this. It means this game is good
Y does loba look kinda unpolished and rushed
Quit tiptoeing around Titanfall and just give us Titanfall...
I absolutely love the animation style this trailer!
PK BACK TO FLOOR LOOT ??????? 👀👀😩👀
1:41 The crotch shot was definitely intentional... well kind of a crotch shot lol
Lスター当たってないやん。 さすがゴミ武器
Best trailer of all time
Do we really need a flying legend
Nice to see the OG team of Mirage-Path-Wraith from the old trailer back in business.
1:21 Awkward
I'm sorry but I'm saying "justice rains from above" everytime I ult
Gosh I just love the dynamic between Horizon and Watson🥺❤️❤️
EA Finally Spending Money on Something Good. not optimization just animations.d
I thought Horizon is going to trip on Octane's syringe...
LETS GOOOOOO, #1 IN GAMING
I mean it would make sense to run  legacy games when two apex preds are alive. Pilots that can run every legends fade if they wanted too.
1:14 King of Cringe
When are y'all gonna fix her haircut? Or Titanfall 3?
please don't add more annoying characters to apex
still aimbotters. Fix your anticheat.
I can’t wait to see what ash has to do with the story, I hope we really get a lot of story development this season because it’s season 10. It’s been building up for so long but really hasn’t gone anywhere other than Olympus after the few years, last 2 seasons is the most we’ve ever gotten since the loba revanent story thing
Это... АХЕРЕННО!!!!!! 4444/4444 О БОЖЕ! СКОЛЬКО ОТСЫЛОК!!!! ДА ДА ДА ДА !!!!!!
YES YES YEEEEEEES
Apex forever!
Valk: I'm here to avenge my father   Jack Cooper: lol k
This is literally just pharah from overwatch
Where's my fellow mirage mains at?
This is going to be epic!!!
Decoding those passcodes, I was wondering "How is Ash alive? I crushed her!"  Now I know.
Loba: stuck smacked on the wall Pathfinder: I like who came up with this new game
0:20 g7 scout automatic
Looks like Phara from overwatch
"I own the sky" Yeah viper said the same thing and look what happened to him
did octane just wall run?
Yoooooo this soundtrack is amazing 😤❤️
Custic f*cking died XD 1:25
Time to become a hanzo main I guess.
Ash with cornrows ??? Ight 🔥
My fuqin god these comments are full of geeks.
the fact that lifeline shied didn’t come up in this trailer is sad they really took it away 🥺
If the PK is gonna be ground loot then ima have to pick up the game again
No cap this one is probably one of the best idk why I laughed so hard when all the different legends just got slammed 💀
ウルト味方打ち上げ言うてたけどロケットとかかも知らへんな
Somebody please remind me who ash is
I can’t wait
How dare a toaster do that to my girl Loba. Should've been Mirage as usual hmph.
Yep, that's an octane player Running from combat
The animation has so much impact and charecter i love this
i feel the rush the vengeance and the need to watch this video again and again and keep playing apex legends tell I become one
Viper:"The sky belongs to me" Valkyrie:"I own the sky"  ーI see what you did there Respawn ;)
4v4 Titanfall like
Hermoso!
That must be a wattson buff
Games are good when life outside the game is also good, am I wrong?
Focus.  Fight.  Win.
Sound in this season? NO
Shes PHARAH!!!!!!!  YESSSSSSSSSS.  My new main.
This trailer is so epic
NUMBER 2# on TRENDING FOR GAMING! AND FORTNITE KIDS SAY APEX IS DEAD 🤣
I am so hyped for this season and this just made it more intense!
Gosh I can't wait for this new season. Also I'm not sure what it is about this trailer but it definitely makes Apex look a lot more violent.
i cant wait for the map
Awesome! I am exhilarating! I love both Titanfall and Apex.
2:33 If she isnt worthy of the helmet like this comment! It sounded sooooo much better with VIPER!!! I CANT BELIEVE THE HAVE TEARED APART VIPERS NORTHSTAR FOR THAT FKN FLIGHT SUIT...
Okay ash I see you wit the braids!!! Drippy!!!
what kinda viper’s daughter lookin-
I kinda ship mirage and wraith.
Octane’s scene looked alot like the art style from Into the Spiderverse
0:35 justice rains from above
So two new legends?
DOPE
At this point, Mirage, Path and Wraith should all have special dialogue with each other if they're on the same team.
New map!!!!!!!!!!!
At the end it says go beyond battle Royale. I think that means there's going to be a multi-player  and that would explain why there fighting on small "arenas"  Sorry for all the text just sooo HYPED!
They fly now? They fly now!
This new legend can fly? That looks really annoying to fight! 😃
They better not nerf horizon that much or I’m just done tbh
So she can fly as her tactical an ultimate is a rocket swarm
Muy bonito todo, PERO A VER SI DE UNA **** VEZ ARREGLAIS TOOOODOS LOS BUGS QUE TIENE VUESTRO JUEGO, QUE ES ASQUEROSO JUGAR LA GRAN MAYORÍA DE VECES, POR QUE NI OS PREOCUPAIS POR EL JUEGO NI POR LOS JUGADORES, SOLO POR EL DINERO
So many verified random Youtube people just here to comment, get more followers, play the game few days and leave again for a whole nother year
use this button for Vinson dynamics mains
Nice looking update, have you fixed the hacker problem yet apex? Wont play the game if i play against hackers every time i join.
Nice vid bro keep it up
Lifeline's drone revives without shield. Loba 's bracelet animation after teleporting is cancelled
if it's true you can fly around with this new character. I feel she's gonna be a bit overpowered. and make pathfinder completely useless in the process.
Please revert ash to old look thanks
Bungee fence has the properties of both rubber and fence 1:02
Ayyy maybe Candice will be the next legend 😁😁
I love how she is using vipers helmet
Cant believe it’s almost season 9 it’s going so fast
Dead.
Dude octane was like 1 of those parkour masters
Too bad the game still runs like hot garbage.
So there are 2 new legends coming or just one?
Everyone plays on a 16:9 monitor, Respawn creates a 21:9 trailer
I love this
0:12 : *happy Titanfall fan noises*
Another trailer where octane dies.
Despite the inevitable 10th parties we’ll have to face, this finna be the best season since S4 bruh
This is the best cinematic they’ve ever made. It’s like the launch trailer, but I guess they were going for nostalgia.
Hora de vengar a Octane 🤑🙏
Octane:I am super speed
This is gonna be epic
Its 'the skies belong to me' not 'I own the skies'!!!!  c'mon huge titanfall 2 crossover opportunity right there :( still cool that theyre bringing it over though
Apex hear me out.I HAVE BEEN WAITING GOING ON 4 SEASONS AND NO ASH WHAT HAPPENED TO SEASON FIVE WHAT HAPPENDED
The part when octane fell when horizon shot him was just funny Octane go bOnK
Bruh Respawn does NOT like Caustic
1.7 millions views in 3 hours but they like to say this game is dead lol smh
*so Pharah left Overwatch and joined the Apex games?*
They changed octane's voice actor. Let that sink in for the octane mains
This is badass
I swear they should make a animated series
pog
Took a break for a season since I played nothing but Apex during quarantine but now this is bringing me back! Let's Go!!
CROSS- PROGRESSION PLZ
Pk is coming out of the care package baby!!!
What? I’m a legend! Right?
CROSS-PROGRESSION PLZ
Pretty sure these are  mini Deathmatch arenas
Imagine how much you devs can do if you can just dump this trash and go for titanfall 3
yo that should definetly be a crypto finisher 2:04
Mirage veing Mirage at 1:16
CROSS-PROGRESSION PLZ
0:59 that was good timing
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SICK. ALSO, YOU ALL need to seriously consider a series.
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH ASH LOOKS SO COOL AND VALK HAS THE HELMET AND PATH KICKS LOBA AND THIS LOOKS LIKE THE BEST SEASON YET LADS
Aaag (hindi)
Is it the mobile version 👀
Cant wait to play on destroyed servers once again rooBobble
This just gives me so much nostalgia when wraith, mirage, and pathfinder were all together
A BOW??????
2:05 if only Crypto had this kind of utility
Pharoah Vibes
ASH???
So ash confirmed
These trailers are always so awesome to watch, APEX HYPE!!!
Yooo ash in apex legends!!
i love octane part
Its lady crypto lol
Casi me cago de la emoción, gracias al cielo había un baño Serca
Lo único que voy  a decir que en el minuto 1:13 es la mejor parte de todo el video 😂😂😂
yeah everybody saying horizon too op and what does respawn do? they add another flying character ffs
Goosebumps! GG!
Does this mean were getting the peacekeeper as floor loot again since it didnt have any sights on the gun
0:12 Players who get the reference: *visible PTSD*
WE NEED A SHOW!!!
Pog champ poggers pogu pogw PAG CHOMP
Apex is so dope man
i got interested into Apex Legends after learning that there will be some "titanfall content" but this is just so cringe is basically second fortnite + overwatch but worse. I hope at least gameplay doesn't reflect this.
This is why I play apex that was too cool
Yea I’m going to delete call of duty now for the space for the update
Double wall jump octane???
I love how they made this one feel like the characters were more alive, they have come a long way.
Oho szykuje sie niezła zabawa
I love the conversation between legends and during battles
1:18 pathfinder says "I love whomever came up with this game", how sad to hear because he really does love ash. ):
Is this apex mobile trailer?
1:49 put pause when they kick the loba
As a titanfall 2 player IM rellay unhappy that i have to fight vipers daughter now And after seing Ash i thought that fake weeb died
See theyre redoong vipers line woooooooooooo
I'm in the pipe 5 by 5 (Viper Titanfall 2)
Pharah from overwatch
That robot in the end isn’t ash
nerf apex
Ash be thicc
1:14 What gun is Caustic holding?
“Remember me”     *Fanboying intensifying*
All the buffs 😍 @respawn thank you
Life line drops her drone on bloodhound when he's downed does that mean they get rezed when you do that.
Caustic getting shot in the head was kinda brutal for a trailer. Loved it!
About time octane died
why does the animation look so smooth?
Che schifo l'arco
No more Olympus 😏?
bro this octane scene is awesome sadly its only animation
Apex is the best, why do people even play warzone?
她不是死了嗎！？
Pathfinder its no simp
2:07 crypto oppressor 🥵👌
See ya in the arenas
0:54 Octane stimming has the best animation i have ever seen.
SHEEEEEESH
Now this...this is what you like to see
Pjs back babay
Pathfinder no simp 1:49
Everyone's got a new face, sorta
is it just me or do the characters look and sound a little different
This looks like a crossover between all the maps in one
New map!
#1 trending gaming
Another season that's not optimized for console and still no cross progression.
(　・ω・)ｂ
Viper Mask ??!
i love that they are adding the previous characters from the titanfall games i loved titanfall 2 so much favourite FPS game of the last decade
watch me now anyone?
Peackeper is back plzzzz apex
GO MY BOI OCTANE GOOO THROWING JUMP PAD AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAA
She is donte from dmc
My gamertag is AboveTheTrails. My Apex club name is TheValkryieElite (VALK). Both were made way before ever hearing about this new legend. There are no such thing as coincidence. ♥️
"Legacy" is a really cool name because not only is valkyrie vipers legacy but Apex is the legacy of titanfall
Is that a burst G7???  0:20
Mirage doesn't die for once!
Krillin is an apex legend.
We on trending and people still call the game bad
So no titans?
It feels good to see Horizon get smacked by Crypto.. because in game there's atleast 7 horizons and one crypto
Oh baby, Ash is back from Titanfall
lesssssssgo
So the PK is finally back ?👀
Is that worlds edge or are we getting a new map👀
WE GET TO END THE BLOODLINE BOIS
Everytime I see fuse I get so happy
i might just re install the game for the new titan fall stuff
ana anan anasheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
That g7 shot so fast 😳
Is this a new game? Or a new game mode in apex
SHEEEEEEEEEEEESH
Dopeness is OVER 90000000
Yeeaaaahhhh!! 😍
Give us Horizon and Ash lore.
F I V E    B Y   F I VE
It would be cool if wattson was able to deactivate all her fences at once so that she can catch opposing legends off guard 💂‍♂️
More of best robo waifu? I'm in.
Oh my goodness this made me so hyped the new legend and dpacially the new boe gun is extremely cool.and a bouns for Xbox players beacuse the free to play  games like apex is now free and no live requires
I hope they give valkyrie a skin where she is wearing vipers helmet
WORLD'S EDGE IS BACK BABY
This whole trailer was awesome! I know there was talks of a show of someone would pick them up and I feel like it would be a lot like this!
2:18 Fuze really cleared half the pub lobby smh
It's soo cool
Another map?
Why did it sound like octane said “too slow <n word>” at 0:53
As a mirage main, I approve👍
Please add the original sound from titanfall 2 of when viper uses the rocket barrage that would make her 100x cooler
I cant wait it looks so dope
Ok, Phara..
Soo ..valkyrie was new and then they leak new legend ..... Iam robot
Please add the original sound from titanfall 2 of when viper uses the rocket barrage that would make her 100x cooler
So are we all overlooking the new legend using a bow and having rolling thunder ironman edition in her kit? or are they adding bow's as a weapon this update? someone explain
Well Done Respawn.👍  LET'S GO!!!
Why did that feel like the longest 3 mins of my life   Enjoyed every second of it tho
Просто пушка как всегда !
Man seeing Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder as a squad again fills me with joy
оооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооооо
I want a map that’s urban focused for the br mode
I have a feeling I wouldnt like Valkyrie's personality. I butchered her dad anyways.
1:00 octane wall Jump ? 😂
Would be this the last legend?
Wattson heirloom next pleeeease. I’ve been saving my shards for two seasons now
its amazing!
So this is not Season 9, just Legacy i see
New legend: No New weapons bow: Yes Get back to hanjo again
i got a feeling  that it will be a finisher if so  it will be so cruel 00:44
Que chulada de animación
who else here just to see if they vault the spitfire in season 9
I love how they are making the characters more fluid and letting their personality come out
Time to finish off viper's bloodline
finally someone to counter horizon
this trailer is breathtaking
Viper on station
0:54 hate me all you want but i love octane!
Wattson when clapping his hands is so CUTE
Cured images... perfect😉
Thats so cool. I love APEX LEGEND woooo
They should stick with the original animation style. The faces look too cartoon-y.
ehh
Said it once, I’ll say it again. Fortnite who?
Returs the power of Caustic
竜が我が敌を喰らう(
I think this is one of the best trailers I’ve seen so far.
Okay time to get back on apex
1:16 and yall claim mirage ain’t gay🤨
What is song
confusion: MAX
So does that mean to expect Ash for season 10, y'all being real sus and quiet about her lol but hyping her up while hyping up Valkyrie.
So no one gonna talk about the g7 0:19
If u look closely you'd see that Bangalore has double tap on her g7 so that means it's coming back ya let's go
The mirage, wraith, and pathfinder trio makes me smile everytime I see it
They might as well Turn Apex into a Anime🤷🏽‍♂️
ash: welcome to the legacy of the apex predators... pathfinder: that’s my girlfriend
Apex is just getting better atp
For some reason apex trailers get me way more excited than any other game does. Well done folks 😊
Why do I feel that this shows off each character better and the way they act
It feels like season 8 just came out though
Yo I might have my tinfoil hat on too tight but I don't think respawn likes caustic. He had no audio and didn't use any of his abilities. Just got dropped like a sack of hammers.
i quit during season 4 came back season 7 quit season 8 nd now im gonna play this season bet
im not gonna call it apex legends season  legacy, imma just call it apex legends : legacy
Ever since season (what? 6? Yeah, 6) they’ve added such subpar legends I hope they deliver on this new one
Octane always getting bullied every trailer
This is coool
Can we take a minute and appreciate that mirage did not get owned this time around
Bruh crypto really made it in the trailer for 2 seconds😭😭😭 bro.....*sad crypto main noises*
valkyrie: you can own the ground, I own the skies.  the only thing going through TF2 players minds: the skies belong to me. no where to run, nowhere to hide!
they literally made a whole scene for octane to do 🤚
wraith: remember me  me who dropped her last season: oh heyyy
New map ?
animation is great!! the style tho?? : ((. so hyped for the new season tho!
I love Mirage I swear his dorky personality is so funny.
Bow might be heirloom because on the official teaser for it on Twitter it said make your shots count sooo maybe heirloom
At look it’s Ash
LETSSS GOOOO
FIVE BY FIVE!!
Just when will they add ash as a character!
Octaves wall jumping like Mario would be cool if they added it to the game
I'll just this asmr here   2:06  2:15
They did well with this trailer it has all the characters personality's showing this season should draw in more players.... More kills for me
Cooper:looks like I have a job to do
THEY NEED TO EXPLAIN HOW ASH SURVIVED
Phara mains joined the chat
2:15 When Wraith die, I cry 😢
Is it just me or was lifeline not in the trailer at all ? 😩😩
Pow pow pow pow pow
Best trailer yet
Best trailer yet
is it me or you can toggle wattson Tactical ability?
Valkyrie is just phara from overwatch it seems
Goodd
I like how nobody talks ab that fact that crypto str8 up just slaps horizon with his drone
This trailer is amazing sheesh
HYPE HYPE HYPE
So she's basically pharah and hanzo from Overwatch....
I just hope they bring worlds edge back
1:08 diva
Bro loba got pounded
Are we not gonna talk about how pathfinder came in clutch and saved mirage and wraith 1:49
i knew they didnt forget bout titanfall
My money is goneee loo
Ah yes phara
Mais um jogo bom que não vai rodar no meu moto G7 plus de pobre
ah yes the infamous trio returns
I like how Mirage is in the exact direction to die, and yet still seems calm, with the mic when approached by someone. 😂😂😂
Where was bloodhound in this trailer
can we talk about how good the animation is
Is it wrong that I enjoyed seeing rev stab wraith with his hands?
She said his lines! She wore his helmet! Your journeys end here legends, the games belong to Lil Viper!
相変わらず不細工だ
Finally, an ultrawide trailer!
2:26 OMFG is that the fuse heirloom?
I can't wait for the new season better make it to diamond before season 8 ends
One of the most enjoyable trailers I’ve ever seen!
Pa mobile?
THIS IS ONLY ONE KING
Ash is diffrint
ファラやんけ
SHE SAID IT
Pharah expect gayer I like this
Wraith: Remember me?  *from season 1 trailer*
Watch me now.............
Just get rid of Maggie’s annoying voice and I’ll continue playing this game
Thank you!!! Go beyond battle royal is the way to go. Mix things up a bit. BR can get boring at times. Especially when every other game company keeps riding it.
Starcraft Valkyrie quote
Based and redpill
My boy octane always getting abused in the trailers :(
they have to make a show series of apex
Alright, time to get 100 kills for another legend on the first week
1:45 loba heirloom confirmed?
Mirage looks so dumb in this trailer
so Valk is gonna be OP AF
Return of og squad
Legacy's trailer can surely stand toe to toe with Meltdown's 💪🏻👏🏻👌🏻
0:22 lifeline rework?
wallrunning confirmed?
She’s gunna be  my new main 100%
Wait but season 7(or eight?) Has just started or I'm just really forgot everything about apex legends? All I remember is Watson and Octane with Dinosaurs 0-0
I felt that "C'est la vie"
I wish they'd add that octane laugh in the game
New map?
I think she’s gonna be a good rush character
That background reminds me of angel city for some reason
Error: Code: Leaf
So Ash trying to make new Apex Predators?
SHE SAID IT GUYS
Crypto drone + Rampart Ult > Valkyrie
At 0:21 they changed lifelines res shield the same way the fans have been wanting
THIS ONE LOOKS GREAT, LEEREEEEEETTTTSSS GOOOOOOOO
She better take that helmet off or she will have a similar fate to her father
I’d watch an apex movie
My main Mirage with the legendary trio squad, love em all.
Y'all see that PK without a DIgi/sight? Back on the ground maybe???
1.00 - did I just see octane doing titanfall wall run?
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
Ight hear me out gibby could've used his dome shield 😱
Poor octane getting always bullied               1:04
mirage is a good singer.
This character looks kinda broken
pk back as GROUND LOOT?????????  1:05
how did this game just now 'release'
esta epico
Mirage is hilarious 😂
Sooooo...a game mode perfect for revenant mains? Count me in
Valkyrie’s voice lines are just copy pasted from viper lol
This is just pharah
I’m reading over the comments, you guys are amazing.
We hope it becomes a movie
If the new legend can actually fly I’m done. That’s the same BS we had to deal with Horizon.
Just tell me PK is ground loot like please tell me. That's would be best update in season 9.
Sick!
new map, better animation. this is gonna be good
Respawn : "Nerf horizon! Being in the air like that and shooting people is way too op" Also Respawn: "Did you know our newest legend will have a jetpack with fking rocket launchers"
I think the scout is getting a burst mod or possibly an auto mod
Puuuuta que pariu que trailer fodaaaaaaaa a nem eu amo esse jogo demais
Finally      *mirage didnt die in a trailer*
I'm not sure but this Legacy,, event'' can be interesting. but not legend again 🤷‍♂️👎
Loba got folded
Good people of the Imperial City, WELCOME TO THE ARENA!
cringe
She lowkey sounded like Viper from valorant
C la vie
when Wraith said to caustic "Remember Me" I got hyped
Prepare yourselves noobs. I will now spam the "Bring Me Your Manager" Quip that Valkyrie gets
New map?
The OG squad: Mirage Wraith and pathfinder are back again
Looks like the PK might be coming back
Sheeeeeeeesh
Ash!
this is gonna be so… good
apex just tryna ruin the game
I know she was rebuilt but now she's creepy
The more I see of this game, the more I want Titanfall 3.
This is the best trailer they've ever released so far. 10/10
Dang, that's cool!
The arenas is basically overwatch
The new trailer is good
The Octane part gave me serious Into the Spiderverse vibes with the camera angles and movement.
Looks this video was made by people who’ve never played the game
YOOOOO ASH!
1:27 Nice callback to the first trailer
Octanes stim gets rid of movement debuffes so he die for the plot 😢
Gods this is so good
Peace keeper floor loot?
Is that the new weapon Horizon is using at 0:52 ?
Everyone: stating their opinion about the video Me: *Can't move on about the low quality thumbnail full of jagged lines*
Can we please just have Titanfall 3 already?
Amazing trailer!!!! 😮 Love the way they display all the legends 🙌🙌 good job respawn!!!
Hey look they added Pharah!
Seeing lifelines revive hurted me
Overwatch character STOLEN! still excited lol
So freaking cool
Anyone else notice the match found sound effect from tf2 when valkyrie takes of her helmet?
Ash with the new cut 😏
Did I miss something... Where is bloodhound?
This has to be one of the best trailers for apex
GIVE US TITANFALL 3 PLEASE I DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY TO MAKE YOU GIVE IT TO US
Yessir boysss prepare for battle!!!!!!!!!
Nobody talking about mirage singing and how ASH HAS WAVES SHEEEEEEEEEESHHHHH
Bruh why my girl Ash got rocks in her head
FEEEMALE VIIIPER
Waston new ability?
0:35 Phara moment
Is she kinda like pharah?
Vipers voice line is better in my opinion
Its always octane getting clapped in these trailers
0:43 *ahem* I believe you meant to say, "They skies belong to me"
1:44 An... interesting angle
Yo I love that they infuse titanfall into apex
Good to See some more TF2 characters return
After seeing this video i have completely forgot why i stopped playing :0 I WANT TO PLAY APEX NOW!
The animations in this trailer are better than some Pixar movies
Fuse be like "did she stole my line?"
I like how it shows Crypto, Bangalore, and Revenant all using their legendary finishers with a little twist right here 2:05
Man, that was a good trailer! Such good characters!
Let’s go 👉😁👈
A reminder we will have B-hopping and a tiny wall run, I see you kitties in the field full of blood 😏
Pathfinder coming in clutch once again
Ngl she lookin like MrBeast
WORLD'S EDGE IS BACK BB!!!!!
Can octane just not die in a trailer for *once*
Merage is so funny he is the best legend when it comes to personality alone with pathfinder  Just make a Netflix show and drop the br game I’ll rather watch a series of apex at this point
Ollie: *happy noises
2:06 KOUIZINE !!!
4 words: Pharaoh with a bow
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH QUE BUEN TRAILER CSMRE
Valk coming 26 april?
I feel like mirage is enacting 90% of other mirages, playing with decoys and instantly being seen yourself 🤣
So her ult is flight core? Ok
nuevo main gente :D
that octane part was INSANE!
That mirage part made me laugh 🤣
Can you bring the prowler out of the care packages plz
of course Wraith has a R-99 and a Wingman
Pred this time gonna smash every lobby
Anyone else still dying from the mirage singing part?
*watchin* "Well this will be interesting" *Welcome to arena* "ASH!?"
I'm glad Apex has a character like Mirage. Every group needs that one guy
holy F*ck the best f*ckn*g trailer of all the seasons, I mean did you see the DRON SLAP?
parece foda ! legal !
Ok but where’s worlds edge
This trailer was by far one of the best they've ever created. The dialogue was fun, interactions were cool, animations were sick, and the theme was perfect. Definitely keep cranking stuff like this out art team, you're the MVP's.  Note: Definitely not biased because I got to see my speedy boi looking fresh af before getting taken out
wraith can prevent Viper´s death
Valkery is from siege dumb dumbs
Cant wait bro this is SICK!
It’s just phara
I want Valkyrie to say "Speed is life"
The animation is so smooth!!!
凄いね！
They should just rename the game to *“Nerf it Legends”*
This just hits different for titanfall fans
yay crypto didnt got killed this time
Just make TF3 already, I'm begging you
This is the best yet, they have finally gotten there style down. I love the how bouncy all the characters are and overall the characters are amazing! I love every second of this EXEPT. It needs more Bloodhound but overall I can't wait too see more animations from you guys 🤟
BU OYUN FREE TO PLAY's <
this has got to be the strangest season yet
when is the new season?
Eagerly waiting for the Netflix series to come out! Come on lets get this done!
I remember turning ashe into mulch with BT how she still livin bro
eyyyyyyyyy new bugs and more cheaterss <3 <3 <3 <3
Rap music 🤮 just doesn’t fit in my opinion
Mnk for console players pleaseeeee
I preferred the old look from the cinematics. This one kinda looks cheap, but I'm still excited!
🔥🔥🔥
ok we have Ash, Viper, grapple, stim, holopilot and phase shift. this is just titanfall battle royale  EDIT: NOT TO MENTION THE COUNTLESS GUNS THAT COME STRAIGHT FROM TITANFALL 2
this is a BEAST of a trailer, big hype for valk
Crypto didn’t die yeeeeees
If this wasnt one of the best trailers for apex I dont know what is.
My mans caustic did not deserve that
O:20 Bangalore shot the G7 scout like a full auto or 3 round burst
Имба трейлер, лучше чем Шелли с ультой
Simply delicious
This looks very pog
To all those people who thought ask was going to be the next legend
New map???
That Fuse buff is really cool
What about Titanfall?
Sorry but this is the apex worst trailer I mean look at the other trailer sorry Respawn Entertainment this is not that good .I hope season 10 is gonna have a better trailer and this trailer was made too soon and there are some parts that look weird  and are not good animated .Who agrees me??Haven't you seen how Pathfinder was animated ?? The first 7 trailers are soooooooo good .Yeah but anyways a lot of noobs are gonna say this is so good .
Can’t wait
SHE SAID THE THING!! THE PIPE
DOUBLE TAP COMING BACK
New main hands down
The best trailer of apex legends 🙌🙌
One of THE best launch trailers I’ve seen
Not like the way the trailer was animated, sounds to valorant
Shessshh
THIS IS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT
Sooooo when will we get to play as "Ash"
ash a la mierda
Not enough people talking about Rampart laughing maniacally
The Arenas are probably 3v3,s so hype
hype
I'm stoked there will be another mode other than br but I've come to love Apex BR and I hope people still play it. Also hope that the trackers for arena wins are separate..
She's clearly like her dad, her lines will surely  be some military communication codes
I think the island that Valk is flying to is a new arena map! It's a lot smaller than Worlds Edge and has a destroyed phase runner
Only 4 more days 😈
i think this trailer has alot of content might be the best trailer
Titanfall fans IS THAT ASH
Best trío for ever mirage, wraith and pathfinder, Caustic never remember
Peacekeeper on the ground again?
Mirage voyage was the best part of the trailer no questions asked.
this is going to be the best season ever NO CAP
I bet Valk's heirloom will make her be able to wear Viper's helmet, much like Mirage's heirloom and his goggles.
I love that they keep adding more depth and expanding the Titanfall lore it’s amazing they can do so much with this spinoff character games, merchandise, toy lines, and movies etc Marvel and Star Wars gave us the blueprint so let’s follow it.
Rampart shooting her minigun:  *laughing maniacally* Octane getting shot at by the minigun: *also laughing*   Me watching: *also also laughing*
Mirage and  the squad is the best squad, i love it so much.
is this confirming tdm?
This trailer is AMAZING
bete mauj kardi
This is gonna be so fire
If this game gets something other than a battle royale mode I’ll gladly redownload
So ur telling me, horizon was shooting a zig zaggin drone while crypto was controllin it in front of her. and she did not notice him...
It’s sad I’ve been playing since season 1 and I’m still a level 80
Fr just stole vipers lines XDDDD
ASH
Bow? Really?
Sheeesh
I love how octane was just being the most octane he could be in this trailer.
Mirage voice 10/10 👑🔥🔥
So you're telling me that, after all these years, we're FINALLY getting a new game mode ?
So unrealistic😒...I don't know what game you guys are playing where lobas jump drive actually works, all jokes aside tho I'm so hyped for this one!
PogU starwars
TY for supporting Ultrawides
Hey respawn at this point can u just make an animated series show cuz its just fire everytime
Its been a while since i last played I think its would good to go back to the arenas for a few rounds
When did ash get robo braids?
THW ANIMATION IS SO SMOOTH AND DYNAMIC CONGRATS
Come on how long till worlds edge
Ah yes so you guys took the rocket lady from overwatch and made her into a apex character  Great idea nobody will notice
At 1:34 Mirage was cloaking a gun, so he wasn't completely goofing off. He was ready to shoot Caustic if he needed to
So glad to see Mirage didn't die in this trailer. 💛
When you guys release apex Mobile
Alternate title: Pharah comes to apex
looking like owerwatch
🔥 🔥
finally bbg wattson will get a trap buff
Danm good job animation team. Looks real clean
1:28 the Caustic Nerf
The interaction between wraith and mirage made my day best two legends i love playing (im trash at wraith)
why does the background looks like a toilet paper ?
So wait, does this mean we're getting non-BR game modes?
The octane's death to the fence indirectly shows his nerf
So wattson gets to decide when her fences activate...
So when are getting ash and who’s Robin Hood
Those voicelines are perfection. Petition to get "Fly You Fool's" added as a voiceline, because we can.
Wraith rocking that 99 wingman
Watson buf cool
DID THEY BUFF WATTSON'S FENCE, IS THAT IT??? YOU CANT SEE IT UNTIL YOURE REALLY NEAR????? IM SO HAPPY!!!!
даже тут каустика высмеяли - и показали будущие дебаффы персов!!!  ед плюс обновы это лук.... обожаю луки
2:17 that guy just dropped a 30 bomb with 5k damage
AMAZING TRAILER RESPAWN WE LOVE YOU
wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo now thataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa gameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
SHEEEEEEEH
The Titans landing at Apex is real and is comming!!
valkyries looks hot <3
Imagine they do a,10 players on each team in a team deathmatch.
cmon dude it dident even say half about the new legends ability
hahahah mirage part killed me
i just remembered: pathfinder , mirage and wraith wete the same trio in the first trailer
Fuaaaaaaaa man me encantó ( me encantó que vuelvan las animaciones en los trailers me encantó cada parte del trailer me encantó que regrese el trio de (mirage,White y patfinder)y la animación de octane más un (soy main octane y me encanta el personaje )y valk épica también Me hizo recordar el trailer de octane  Este tráiler fue simplemente epico
0:58 wallrunning teaser ? kinda sus, hmmmm...
One of the best gameplay trailers I’ve seen for Apex. This was awesome!!! I’m so hyped for the next season!!
I haven't watched it. I really hope the arena mode comes out this season... Ok let's see  Edit: OOOOO WELCOME TO THE ARENAS
PIPES FIVE BY FIVE
Its slowly turning into overwatch
oh,new APEX.
5 by 5
ughhh i love valks voicelines!!
ma perché l'arco? fa schifo come arma
Who else though she shot fuse through his bottle
She has a bow, she is already my favorite character.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
And just like that I have to install Apex Legends again now
lets goo bois we gettin it
Wraith has wingman and a R99  😂😂😂
Since when was octane able to do a front flip Nd do wall jumps all in one move ?? 🔥🔥🔥
Kronika?
why do the voices all sound slightly diff? that aint ashe. wraith still sounds cute but not herself. and paths voice modulator sounds off. hmm. also ashe with hair is just weird
Is it just me who can't stop watching this?
Just  WOW... Hyped🎉🎊
Yoo these videos stay getting me hyped. Cant wait to go back to worlds edge!
1:48 loba thicc but pathy thiccer
events..new season while the game is full of cheaters .. sadge
THIS IS AMAZING I CANT WAIT
Did they change the art style? i preferred the old artstyle but this one looks ok I guess
Ashe with pharah vibes
Cool trailers, disappointing gameplay.
Is that bow going to be a new weapon
the americans will always mess with my head with their dates  its not 04.26.21  its 26.04.2021
Fix olympus! Fix olympus! Fix olympus!
whats the background song name...?!?
ASHHHHHHH
次はない？また期待してんぜミラージュ
All right, I need the music name. Respawn never fails in choosing music for trailers.
Typical octain 🤣 and Dubble tap g7 back?
Wait octane wall jumped, wallrunning?
dEd GaMe
Looks awesome. Can you guys make a PvE game mode? Pretty please?
I love how cartoonist they made octane
If u Main horizon and octane as a secondary you know valk gonna be the next we use
Y’all seen how pathfinder saved mirage and wraith and how wraith had to tell mirage to get it together? Reminds me of the first of trailer. Classic.
I always imagined ash with a smooth head... that hair like chunk looks weird
Must... find.... the Nessie
Oh so its Pharah 😅
snooooooow yeessss
Eu nunca vi antes uma interação tão "enorme" ou mais que satisfatório entre essas lendas, foi de longe o melhor que já vi de todas
Who else wants that Ash skin
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I think we know what EDP is...
This always makes me happy
God I really hope that they add the titan in apex from Titanfall, cause it’s the same univers
Already sick of valk’s voice knowing she’s supposed to live up to viper
Ash saison 10
Isn't Ash supposed to be dead?
I only have one thing to say: WOOOOOOOOOOO
Why Crypto pimpslap Horizon like that 🤣🤣
My new second main character after lifeline 😻
It feels good seeing the original trio mirage, wraith, and pathfinder... we’ve come so far
sick asf trailer
Nobody is going to talk about the bow? LOL
WOW
Octane dies every trailer do you got something against him
The animation team for Apex Legends is so good, I wish I had a chance to just see their work process
Mirage always clowning 😂
Was lifeline in this cuz I feel like I didn't see her Also this video was so gooood
"I own the skies" NOOO THATS WRONG
Do your legend tokens go away when new season starts
Sheesh sheesh sheesh was all I heared this trailer
Ash has got to be the announcer for this new game mode right?!
Crypto heirloom?
G I V E
Fornite devs: right that down
All i want, is for valk to have a skin with the helmet on
Here Titanfall players!
I cant wait!!!
Yooooo bro it's ash I think I haven't played titanfall 2 for a long time
Honestly instead of a new legend I would rather prefer the servers and the little bugs and glitches to be fixed before we throw in something else I feel like the only reason valk is here is so fuse has a purpose
LETS GOOOOOOOO
So this is Ash all the time
See u in Arenas chavales!
This trail is bad a** I love how they got all the legends in this one trailer
Wow
Fuse...  Valkyrie...  am I in apex legends? It seems like Im playing in rainbow six siege
She gon be soooo broken🤣🤣 we won’t stop hearing streamers complain about it🤣🤣
me: :"sees this" Also me: wants to play apex legend in the internet cafe again Corona: no
I’m wondering if the bow is a new weapon since we only see Valkyrie use it
Why Valk look different...
Definitely gonna main valk all season
Oh, Pharah from OV. What are u doing here?
I’m so HYPE ! Thanks u RESPAWN ! Amazing work 🥇
This trailer reminds me of the time when apex legends were in beta...man nostalgia is flowing
they always make octane look bad
Imagine if horizon slipped on octanes adrenaline thing
Did anyone else notice the PEACEKEEPER was used by almost every legend in the trailer? I think the PEACEKEEPER is coming back to the ground loot! 😲
Why they always crapping on octane tho
And bye when 120hz For The new consoles ? :'c
The animation is phenomenal detentions a detail on how the physics work is amazing and the detail on how everything works and especially going back and make a call out to one of the first animations with Maroge Ruth and Pathfinder arguing over the legendary
WOOOOOOOOOOW
Wish Ash would just be a playable Character already.
An automatic g7, now I've seen everything.
Whatttt😮
So is she like vipers daughter?
Am I the only one who would have loved the game more if the graphics were like the trailer? 🤔
For a second I thought someone shot Fuse in the mouth while chugin his drink
But I'm a legend!!!
Didn't know they were doing a collab with overwatch. Time to main Pharah.
YAAAAAAAASSSSSSSS
I swear each launch trailer gives a new, refreshing vibe that 1-ups the previous season. Major props to whoever works on these👍
Idk what to think about this.
Ayo mirage got some talent there
goosbamb is here ❤️❤️❤️
how dare you kick gibby in the head
Unless it's more Titanfall, I'm not interested.
Just make a series already
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I hate lobas but as soon as pathy destroyed her I was laughing
Wait are they dropping 2 legends
She's a human north star and I was saving up for caustic and revenant bc I domt play much but now I might buy her
Just one word: I N S A N E
Is that VIPER!!
The Ash hype is kind of OD
No one talking about how good the scene at 1:48 is 😎
lets go i love lure
BEST TRAILER EVER
Just redownloades it after deleting 2 weeks ago im so excited cant wait to get home and play😁😁😁😁😁😁
1:52 It was nice to see those 3 teaming up again
Hypeeeee
Poor caustic. He dies once more
This game would dominate if it was stable as overwatch would like to see if it would help the game be stable if the game was animated instead
Peacekeeper's coming back as Ground Loot baby!
partiu react
dont tell me they just reconstruct the KC again? come on focus on the olympus. lol
Now we get a Phara
For the people that belong on the sky.
That was awesome amigo!
Hype
Ohhhhh man
Was I the only on who got a b0ner at valk, octane,revenant and ashes scenes
If you don’t say “Voodoo One, Valkyrie on station” when you are dropping into the game, you should get perma banned
First Zayra not Pharah, your OW is showing apex.
Loba: your not the only ones with fancy moves beautifuls Pathfinder: are you sure about that?
Huh, Mirage didn't get murdered, feels odd...
ASH SURVIVED?????????????????
nice  very good 👍🏻🌹♥
Lifeline new buff/nerf, crypto auto pilot drone?, new bow weapon
I love how wraith got the wingman thing from Mirage, it’s nuce
OH MY GODDDD It's a new weapon and it's a bow!
At this point add Titans to the game
Bye Octane Hello Valk
WAAAAAAAAAT
Ashes re-design is badass!!!
Who thinks apex is better than fortnite? I do.
Imagine getting folded by cryptos drone, not even a gun
Can't wait
M
“In the pipe, five by five”
0:43 kai'sa progre
keep in mind: *NOT ACTUAL GAMEPLAY*
Oooh finally ! Wattson's fences work like a trap ! you can't see them from miles away anymore ! thank you so much Blizzard.
Mirage is the man.
BRO, A TRAILER HASNT BEEN THIS GOOD SINCE SEASON 3, I CANT WAIT
Ooooh a new weapon
So this is where pharah from overwatch went
This was amazing. I hope one day we get an animated series.
She said it. She said the thing!   (Valk said the sky belongs to her like her dad use to say)
Why is this so good.
So we gettin new dialogues between wraith and mirage right? Nice I am in love with their relationship
Hopefully season 9 can respark my interest in this game. Been pretty dry lately.
Anyone saw fuse buff?
this is my 17th time watching this... help me
so the new legend is basically just pharah from overwatch.
What does arenas mean. What does “go beyond battle royale” mean. Is this a tease for an apex multiplayer event that would be crazy
Hold up why does wraith look so fricken tired?
Watch arena just be a death match mode but since people play BR’s so much they’ll be bamboozled
Trailer get worse every  season now
Wuhh the animation just kept getting better
Just give us Ash already!!!!! Stop teasing us!
Pharah's ultimate go brrrrr
0:47 the animation in this part is spectacular
Nice .... Now *reloads gun* where is worlds edge
ASH
Respawn always delivers!
0:21 i love how lifeline only puts the drone and not the shield
so... they added a mech..
So Valkyrie can fly whenever she wants or what?? They were saying horizons movement ability is kinda overpowered😂
Did anyone notice the new bow that Valkyrie used.
Esa mierda no tiene ningun rasgo japones
Wattson qui dit "c'est la vie" En français 😂😂
Still feel bad for Bangalore 😂
wait are we getting a Bow as a new weapon?
Viper’s got you in the pipe, five by five
This has to be the best trailer so far
Soooo. No one is worried about Valk breaking the game moreso than Horizon did?
This stole a lot of hype i had for the new character whos, name i now forget.. :(
”I love whoever came up with this game!” Yes you do Pathfinder. Yes you do.
dope
Ash is the best
Octane buff possibly
Wow, this was amazing! Season 9 is gonna be the best one yet!
0:21 Bangalore, I don’t think that’s a full auto gun
Это лучший трейлер ,который я смотрел ❤️
Not caustic dying to wraith again 😭 😂  “Remember me..”
The reason this is the best trailer is it is nothing like the game I mean Watson’s fence doing something and loba’s jump drive working
Best trailer yet
at least they stopped killing my man mirage
0:59 Wallrunning?
Watson’s traps look dope.  Me forgetting to turn them on 👁👄👁
たのしみ
1:13 umm what
Once again Caustic is dying to wraith
Loba bracelet best be working this season!!!!
Mirage >>> Fuse
If she doesint have her helmet on I'm going to be kinda disappointed
Pharah  + Jury Han lol
100/100 trailer 😍😍😍🔥🔥🔥🔥
titanfall3 is here baby
any1 else hear the starcraft transport ship?
Ohhhh shes using the bow
I'm not verified, so imagine I am and I said something cool.
Why does the animation look weird
tell me thare is going to be a battle mech
2:33 look where that got your dad
Mirage u really a source of inspiration for us keep up the good jokes
Poor octane, he’s always the bullied one
Very epic trailer, loved how every legend had their moment. Valk flying around with that bow kinda reminded me of cupid, very cool, can't wait to miss my shots with that :D
They need to make the game smaller my Xbox is running out of storage
thanks, , nice video. Now, let me play on PC with my PS4 account, I spend too much time from the launch day in this game to lost all my progress.
titanfall
Bow n arrow for the winn!! The new sparrow!! BO3 edition
1:15 😅🤣😂
demonios que genial trailer
This trailer seems to have taken 1st for best apex trailer
+1
Wheres mad Maggie she should be in apex legends
1:28 I'm a Caustic main and that hurt 😂
I always love the animation of Apex trailer, and this video is not an exception😍
Why they always finishing wraith
I'm hyped even though I cant play because of exchange year
THIS THE BEST TRAILER
0:19. F por bloodhunt 😭👊
Best trailer ever in this game !
Arena...s? I am scared
Pk back
Fix the Netcode.
The fanboy is strong with this one
Some of thr characters faces doesnt look that good. Especailly the lighting is off.
That octane parkour... got chills man! This is without a doubt my favorite respawn video yet.
If only octane would move like that when he stims in game😭
+1
I guess it's the best trailer after a long time
Que que queeeee? Buenisimo!! 🤙🏽🤙🏽🤙🏽
New maps Pog!
This is amazing
Remember kids, valkyries dad lead to the death of your best friend BT-7274 so don't feel bad about kicking her teeth in
Mirage voyage is back baby
CRYPTO FINALLY DOESNT GET BEAT UP??
Shesh
Im gonna need the song name
Ayyy they finally revealed the finisher
I YEARN FOR THE INTERACTIONS BETWEEN EVERYONE PLSSSSS MAKE A SHOW ALREADY
今回の映像劇熱すぎないか！？！？
Mmmmmman, REspawn does a good trailer   Mirage had me howling.
Ash aburre después de 3 temporadas especulando su entrada a los juegos Apex
Nowhere to run 𝙉𝙤𝙬𝙝𝙚𝙧𝙚 𝙩𝙤 𝙝𝙞𝙙𝙚.
Valkyrie: says viper voiceline  Tf2 players:SHE SAID IT SHE SAID THE THING
Peacekeeper back !
Where's Bloodhound?? Every Character is cool but wheres bloodhound.
Very good
Caustic just can't win
looks like the flyboy quips are genetic!
vinson :DDD
Perfection
What if wattson fence actually do that 🥵
Not going to lie, this was bland
Pk not in care package??
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh apex go crazy
WOW
This looks promising
well no more jokes apex predators brought back the real shiet
area.........Colosseum????? 1v1?????
I am waiting for Apex Legends Mobile.
"Oh hey thats pretty cool, the legends having a bit of fun messing aro- WAIT IS THAT ASH?"
Season 1 trailer squad the OGs !
Best apex trailer ever
Revenant always being the anti-hero ♥️😍
im lovin all the titanfall 2 connections
CAN U PLS STOP MAKING MY CAUSTHICC LOSE??
Each trailer gets better and better 😩
Мне пипец её лицо нравится это лицо мне напоминает из какого-то фильма
i think i just came
Lobas teleport working ???
Deathmatch mode coming soon ???? O_O
1:32  "what, I'm a legend"   *also  mirage 5 sec later* 1:39
Wow stealing overwatch content much?... Pharah copy cat 😂🤣🤣
yet another trailer with only 1 second of crypto :(
lets goooo ash is back and we finally see little viper's pilot suit
I’m not trying to hate on this new legend but if she is flying it’s going to be annoying, I just don’t want to see apex end up like fortnite.
hands down, best trailer so far
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
They really had to do my gurl Loba like that
ASH BABY
Oh, am I supposed to talk?
That is a quality cinematic and an amazing song.
Pooooobiiii
They killed my boy caustic
So, are two new legends coming to the arena?
They fly now?!
"Justice reigns from above!"
Wowza
Terrible music. Fck Black Rap
Stolen from clash of clans
THE SKIES BELONG TO ME NO WHERE TO RUN NO WHERE TO HIDE
Just give me Titanfall 3 and I'll give you my money
What if you just wanted to survive another round but Discount Viper said “The skies belong to me pilot” and 360 no-scoped you with a bow?
horizon and wattson the new perfect duo and also they seriously need to make an apex legends series
She said it! She said the line!
The Mirage scene with Caustic was hilarious, and Octane’s running animation looked amazing. Can’t wait for this season!
bruh they went all out
Even the trailer knows about third partying
"Im in the Pipe, Five by Five." - I understood that reference
I don't know why but I don't like the way they look in these trailers but it's still a good trailer
This Is Just WAY to cool........
why they gotta do gibby like that ) :
WHO IS READY FOR THE NEW SEASON ON APEX!!!!!
Poor Valk wants to die like her dad.
ehh
I think the legacy game mode is a 3 vs 3 tactical gameplay
Loving the reactions from fans unlike warzone
Im unexpectedly happy and excited! This is literally the best thing to possibly happen and I still can’t play it because my WiFi is dying out and so is my PlayStation😭😭😭
Bolsonaro é gay
4th of may thats star wars day w
Underrated❤️
I love the wraith and mirage moment and the fact that they are in the same squad as the first trailer them and path love it
Justice rains from above
0:21 WOW nice speed ! G7 !
1:34 - He got bamboozled
Was that a Watson buff?
I love these characters
I....CHILLS ACTUAL CHILLS 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Valk CRUSH!
Kai'sa?
0:35 looks like Pharah’s rocket barrage from Overwatch
Respawn made their own Pharah wow
EVERY LEGEND WAS FEATURED ON THIS ONE SO EVERY PERSON COULD ENJOY!!
Octanes double wall jump is new
0:21 Was bengy's g7 scout in auto mode?
octane was really one shot...
Crypto should get 2:05 as a finisher
Sorry but when call of duty change season you dont speak
I love the cinematics of respawn
poor bloodhound he didn't get any spotlight at all ;( he just got killed twice XD
Ples no kil octane evry trailer
Player 1: Valk Player 2&3: disconnects  Ahh yes, can’t wait for those moments...
Hope Fuse gets buffed in season 9
I just noticed at 0:20 Bangalore‘s G7 fires a burst, dose this mean double tap is back?
The Single-fire havoc???
I’m confused is the new mode a sandbox 6v6 type mode?
Octane always has finds a new way to die in these trailers launch trailers 😂
Is anyone gonna talk about Bang's full auto G7? 0:20
Titanfall 3 when ?
2:16 HER FACE😂😂😂😂
Its soo magic this trailer 😳
Bienvenidos Al lag
oh nice wattson fences can't be seen till you walk into em , back to top tier again hopefully :D
I really hope octane gets that trail when swimming in game it looks so sick
Im not playing the game anymore but im keep watching trailers. Specially this one, oh its so f*cking good man!
Justice rain from ab
I want badass robot lady as a legend. Please oml ::((((
This was so cinematic 😂
ヴァルキリーかっこよすぎやろ！！
Any Titanfall 3ers in chat?
awesome staff
Did anyone else see the pk that horizon was using 😳🤔 0:52
Sheeeeeeeeeeshhhhh
Titanfall fans when they heard "I'm in the pipe 5 by 5"
Ash got waves
Then, Tell the devil Fuse send ya Now, Tell 'em Valkyrie Send you
arena !!
When is Apex legends mobile youtube channel coming and any trailer before end of April?🙏❤️
こーゆのやるのもいいけど、頼むからチーター対策してください。このままじゃ、日本では過疎ります。
Valk said the thing her father said
Best launch trailer for any season imo
yeah I’m re downloading apex
*Respawn by powered* Nice.
*“Wait a minute!- Lobas jumpdrive can work”*
bow?
This is gonna be the best season since 5!
This is my favorite session because it has a huge thing with Titanfall
If that doesn't get you pumped, I don't know what will!
Absolute fire
bet valk doesnt even do half of what she was doin in there.
so she is basically pharah but in apex
team deathmach ?
Am i the only one who thinks that ea makes new characters only to please current sjw trends?
Я плачу от счастья 😥🙂
As a mirage main, I can confirm that this is how we play
Where is the Titanfall Stuff we were promised?
حماسسسس 👏👍
Billionth time asking to start a petition for Apex to make a Movie. Brilliant Animation
Wish I was mirage so wraith could raise her voice at me😩
AAAAAA SHE WEARS THE HELMET AND SAYS THE THINGS
Epic
Hype HYPE HYPE!!!!!!!!
Ash? Yoooo. I miss Titanfall even more now...
While Everyone finna start playing with her, I think this gon be the season I start playing with Horizon
Really nice trailer. I’ve never been so hyped for a season before
OK PHARANZO.. HANZARA
Said it after Northstar trailer and I'll say it again. I'm gonna rip Valkyrie's arm off and shove it in the nether regions. An arm for an arm little Viper.
0:35 *JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE*
hey its phara from overwatch
Lessss gooooooo
Looks to me like the g7 will have double tap again
omfg yall bringing the peacekeeper backk less goooo
She look like Pharah from Overwacth
me after i saw ash from titanfall : aw sh** here we go again
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
0:50 the octane be like: ninquerundayo
Is this pharah from overwatch 😨
NOOOOOOO WATTSON WHAT DID YOU DO 😟
Fera from overwatch
1:27 Dodge this... elders understand
This is by far the best trailer
Apex trailers are getting better to the point its not even funny
nice
Best trailer yet!  Really shows off their characters!
Bruh, every One must be on 10-1HP. Everyone keeps getting one-shotted.
え？ずっと空飛べるの？強すぎでは？
Yoooo ash got dreads
Wattson's tactical should be as how it is in this trailer the fence only trigger and has visibility when other legends step into it proximity (caustic traps) for a more better mind game mechanic and her ult should  block either horizon ult or tactical. Her ult is very underwhelming vs horizon.
I got false banned on Apex and I dont know how to fix it rip
Jet packs!!?
Just hands down to the people working at ea creating the content for apex yous are doing an amazing job an the animations in this trailer are amazing !!!
yo that would be a good buff for wattson if her fences only activated when an enemy crosses it... hopefuly its not just a cinematic thing
Apex legends trailers are Kinda bangers
Is it just me or does valkyrie look much different from the outlands story animation?
Ash returns.
OH BOY, ASH IS BACK
Why do I feel like they're going to ruin the game
You guys look it’s phara from overwatch
"Go Beyond Battle Royale"  I'm really hoping this means some sort of deathmatch/story mode.
0:21 did Bangalore just full-auto that G7?!?😳
Hmmmmm potential octane and crypto buff as well as lobas Tele finally being fixed? Orrrrrr just animation go brr to look cool
Man I knew the next legend was valk
Was the g7 Scout automatic
respawn should make these series into a movie. ill definitely watch it!
Please make a movie or tv series based on Apex Legends with these trailer's same animation style.
1:28 Devs bring their Caustic nerf...
Mirage didn't die in this trailer, nice.
“Commitment to a single focus”  *shows Horizon trying to take down a Crypto drone*
seems like ash is gonna become an important character later
dopeeeeeee .. wohooo
The callbacks to TF2 are making me cry
Phara from overwatch
Why octane
ash?
Leave mirage alone he’s just having fun
I love when they show all the Legends’ Powers against each other
Arena plz be a 3v3 mode
IS THAT A BOW?
Whos that robot at the end
1:27 is this a callback to the launch trailer?
This is like a straight up movie, best so far
I can wait
ohoho this will be sooo broken
ASH IS BACK!!!!!! TF2 BOIS WHERE YOU AT??????
I literally got goosebumps watching this trailer. Can’t wait for season Legacy!
Sometimes mirage can be cringe
This is probably the best animation Quality Apex has so far. Just look at Octane running and Loba getting wrecked  Probably when season 7 started animation was getting better
still need to fix cheaters in the game
I was waiting for mirage to say something like “WHATTT??? Want an autograph? Sheesh so needy” or something idk. But mirage is still awesome.
Ох*ительный трейлер !)
The G7 Scout was shooting awfully fast in 0:20.... select auto fire?
The chemistry of all the squads in this trailer is so awesome
How many bugs in this one, respawn? 🙄
“A little underground brutality” I’d say there’s more then a little as most legends die in this one
Why pharah clone
I’m all for an apex legends tv show 👀
can you just make like a proper apex movie, i always get sad when these end so quickly
I've been saying it for a long time, I think an animated series about Apex  with the way the abilities work lore wise would be amazing
¡Loba! Ay ya la mataron 🤨
P-p-peacekeeper is finally back?!
Was great to see some amazing octane animation since he'll be unplayable this season
Sooo the legacy is not from the daughter of Vipe is from the apex predators? Wow
woi woi
all caustic mains: "A buttclap in the last trailer and now this? well, well Respawn. I need to show you a good lesson."
Woodoo 1 Viper on station. The sky belongs to me pilot, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
Ash got the new dreads
Anyone else dying for a animated series in this world? So much IP to draw from and so many rich and complex stories.
I miss the meet the ..... in Tf2 this just aint it.
I loved the part where Wattson’s gate actually did something.   I am secretly wishing she gets another rework
Finally Loba getting some screen time in a trailer besides from her own season trailer! (This comes from a Wraith main, but Loba is my secondary legend)
Is it just me or does pathfinder sound different
You but imagine your a legend and you walk into a room with mirages clones having seggs
Voy a andar como si fuera legolas jajaja
Why my boi Octane was with Watson  What happened :(
Valkerie: I'm in the pipe.. TF2 Fans: *F I V E  B Y  F I V E*
yesss go crazy apex pharah
Did they change fuses ULT to a rectangle?
This point at this point they should make a show
Where's the GBs shield? He's gotta be trolling
PHARAH?
This season's gonna be lit.🔥
i played titan fall so much, this is giving me chills
She has all her Dad's old quips, so great!  Really hope we get to use that helmet in game!
This trailer showed all the legends' abilities and all three maps. And really did justice to all the characters personalities, 10/10 <3
*Northstar sirens intensify*
2:26 got me dying
WE GETTING TWO NEW LEGENDS 😱😱😱😱
this is amazing
Everyone: using abilities, keeps shooting with their rifles Crypto: *DRONE S L A P*
I like how everyone is now "Oh my god we finally have a real pilot in the game, so now we know apex legends would win against titanfall pilots!" She's a flyer. That's like mixing a racer, and a soldier
Oh My GoD iTs PhArAh FrOm OvErWaTcH
She looks more balanced then horizon :)
Imagine 5, 6 Nstar flying whole map
Apex really knows how to pick good songs for this
Yo this looks fire asf
I wonder why dosnt Vipers helmet visor not light up, now it looks more like a tinted visor
レイスとミラージュとパスの組み合わせを公式で出してる時点でてぇてぇ
We get legends that runs fast, can vanish and make clones, open up portal, a living market place, a medic, a pshycopath, a robot and now a FLYING LEGEND no surprise there...
You see the automatic scout from Bangalore?
레거시 미쳣다리 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Miau
"No where to run, No where to Hide" will now be the only thing i say when using valk
Her skin go hard
2:48 Ash 🤩🔥
So basically.. She's a child of Overwatch's Pharah and Hanzo?
Oh look, a visual of Caustic getting nerfed out of Apex. Yay...
Nobody didn't think this animation was a bit off ?  Mirage looked kinda like a fortnite character, everyone moved like that dark souls " dance till your dead parody " & you can the difference in texture with every other season's trailers.
At the beginning LIFELINE RESSSSS,also they copied an ult from Overwatch its from one of the characters
anyone else notice that the wattson fences were turned on  and off at 1:04
Hmm last time I saw Ash I pulled her out of a titan and crushed her, seems like I didn't finish the job..
whys caustic always getting killed? show my boy some love
Snow? Poggers
If you ain't Hyped for this ..you don't have a pulse!!
Is it just me or does the animation style look a bit different?
nice
I peed a little because its so good
It kind of looked like fuses knuckle cluster got a rework with some fire added to it
Ash pog
This is hypeee!!🤯🔥
we’re loving this...
DOUBLE WALL JUMP WAAAAAAAAAAT??
If you notice the shade thrown at horizon in this trailer because she’s getting nerfed this season coming up so aka in the trailer that’s why everyone’s beating up on her 💀😂
JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE
Season 9 looks bomb!! So excited
I've never been more hyped for a season. What an awesome trailer!
Ahh, she's like Pharah. Oh no wait, she's ALSO Hanzo.
time to waste my money again on the battle pass yeehaw
wow
Is that a night map?? Coming to apex question mark?????? 🤔
Literally my favorite launch trailer 😍
SHEESH
2:46 WAVECHECK 🌊🌊🌊
Is the best what i have been seed
Y
this animation is gorgeous🤩that octane running scene is so nice!
cant wait to lose all games next season. My team wasting all our time looting and running, just so when we finally come across another team we drop like flies
кринж
1:51 the original trio is back
Yessss
ayo they really bringing titanfall 2 lore pog
I can’t wait!
Switch users:  fps slowly dawn
Remember me? (Wraith)❤️ Increíble trailer dios 😍🔥🔥🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
That shi lit🔥
Oh yay we’re finally getting a girl skin for revenant
Northstar got a pulse blade helmet :o
Beautiful 😍 I CANT WAIT
From 0:47-1:55 I just absolutely love that part it’s so funny.
I can’t wait
So are other game modes confirmed?
I am hype!
The old squad from first trailer    And the robot lady (Ash) from Titanfall 2 Faction or clan or whatever it called    I'm hyped
Rip fuse’s bottle
SHE SAID IT SHE SAID THE THING
Ok
Are people  gonna ignore that NorthStar is holding a bow! I really hope they introduce a bow into the game. Would be very cool.
Good to see you, too, Ash! Been a while since I yanked you out of your Titan and crushed you into paste.
Horizon: I am trying to fix the world in honor of my son who I left behind for his entire life after getting stuck in a time loop on a space expedition.  Also Horizon: 0:51
The single best launch trailer imo
yo vaslk make a triple with only a rocket burst thats op pls respawn nerf UwU
PHARAH FROM OVERWATCH IS IN APEX LEGENDS LUL
So y’all think 1 or 2 legends are being added ?🥵
They change, they animation director ? Because this trailer look beautiful.
Lol mirage
ASHE IS COMING
looks interesting maybe it's not gonna be like s8 in other half so bored and sad
Ash made my jaw drop, I hope they keep it as a permanent gamemode
Olympus in snow 👀
Apex content always be poppin.
"Justice rains from above"🤣🤣
so the new hero is pharah
Valk: “I own the sky” Horizon: “We’ll see about that”
I <3 YOU LOBA
Rip mirage ankles
Is anyone going to talk about that new map 🔥✨😳
Welp... there's the lifeline nerf @ 0:22  🤒
it all started in skull town ...maybe something is happening in the underground ...hmm
When do they finally release a movie?
Nice
Apex Legacy
Rip octane stim
Every video on this channel gives me goosebumps
ok best trailer video imo im so hyped!!
Yyyyeeeeeesssssiiirrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Wall running ohhhhhhh?!?
couldn’t have asked for a better trailer wow
hopefully they fix more fps drops so i can run the game better on my potato pc :D
Respawn sure know how to hype up their fans. 10/10 Arc Stars
she was called viper in the northstar video, after a while i got recommended the tf2 viper boss fight. so is her father the same viper in tf2? or just another convenient coincidence?
0:12 SHE SAID THE THING!!!
1:51 yeh , me too.
pls gib wattson a heirloom :((
Phara？
viper fans go  B R R R  out of sheer excitement, for me, i just like jets and flying
Imagine if they put this much effort into titanfall 2
Who is ready for season 9!!!!!!!!!!!
PK back :)
The most false thing about the trailer wasn't Loba's insta-teleport, nor fuze's awfully effective knuckle-cluster. the lie is how Revenant was able to do a finisher on Wraith, knowing all wraith mains DC as they get downed once
Lessss go
I wouldn’t be surprised if for titan fall 3 they incorporated Apex’s story into the campaign because they are bringing back ash and they have added a champion that’s like viper
I Love your game ❤️
Marvellous so many willing test subjects. Life is ment to DIE!
poor poner phahea
I like how all of Valkyrie’s lines are variations of Viper’s lines.
Sheeeeeeeshh
Ok when she did those missiles that is just apex copying overwatch for like the 5th time, I mean it's literally pharaoh, rampart is symmetry and Pathfinder is bastion
Так вот, что с боциком...
pls tell me it’s on worlds edge
Pharah looks a little different
this makes me want titanfall 3 so bad.
No body wants this wannabe pharrah from overwatch
Bruh another Sky character.... where will it end
You're changing the art desing 😱😱😱😱
F for Forge  miss my man
It’s Ash it’s Ash it’s Ash it’s Ash!!!!!! Holy cow!! Titanfall 2 vets let’s GOOO!!
"VooDoo 1, Valkyrie on station, your journey ends here legend, the skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide"
Just in one word : wow in some words : the best f***ing trailer EVER
I'm sorry I'm a bit dim and not caught up on everything... What is this??... Is this a new permanent apex mode or is it a stand alone game??
PEACEKEEPER IS BACK IN LOOT POOL?
The classic TTV Wraith Loadout with a Wingman and an R99 1:27 - 1:47
Plis apex play 3  cel
Mirage didn't get blown up, nice change of pace
огонь
THIS SEASON FINNA BE LIT
That’s the best trailer ever
Maybe peasceper back ?
in her ult just like pharra frome overwatch
Octane literally runs fast and thinks fast
I swear world edge better be back
I don't even play Apex but i feel hyped xD their trailers are just amazingly done.
Просто вышка, кайфанул
I hope she doesn't end up to be an easy target being in the air with no cover plus if she has pharah gameplay systèmes it would be difficulte for ps4(xbox) player to fly and shot at the same time 🤔
I reckon legacy refers to titanfall and the arenas will be similar to TF Maps like the ash mission is tf2 and yes I know it's obvious
pathfinder did not have to kick my baby loba like that😡
That octane running scene was just epic
see you all with pharah in apex.
Yo ain’t that ash for titanfall 2
So that’s Maggie right in the end?
Smooothh
Phara? From overwatch?
SHE SAID THE THING SHE SAID THE THING
Some quotes viper said in titan fall 2
Valkyrie lookin annoying can’t wait to put her in the ground like her old man
Fuse solo queria tomarse una cerveza
❤❤❤
Who dat robo girl thoy
Why do i get mad Pharah vibes?
:o
So basically Valkyrie is Northstar in a human form. And it’s nice to see Ash. I’m not really connected with Apex lore but this looks interesting
Thats the most cringe voiceline I've ever heard
The relationship between mirage and wraith is the best
this is epic
voodoo 1 vipers on station
So much Yes!
Bro this next season is gonna be so good!!!
New map??? And hi Ash! Cool to see you, deathmatch battles would be cool, pubg also introduced them, my interest is piqued
I know he's evil, but can you please stop killing caustic off?
次のシーズンはパス買う。 てかレジェンズすごい楽しんでるなw
revenant do be donuting doe
Extrañaba estos trailers desde la temporada 3
When is the mobile launch?
I feel so bad for octane
is that worlds edge?
祝、ヒューズ上方確定(多分)
Uhhh day and night cycle?
I’m so excited
My man crypto just drone whipped that bi-
That chase scene animation was so good! Loved the blur when my boy octane hit the juice
Awesome
00:34  All I could hear was Phara's "JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE"
2019: Mirage saves Wraith from Bangalore 2021: Wraith saves Mirage from Caustic (Just like the first one) And pathfinder saves these two in both trailers
The tryna make her badass. Come on guys just a real cringe legend 🤣😂😂
2:34 the moment that I was really hoping to see. A very interesting and fun legend and the bow I was looking forward to see.
0:51 PK?!
oh hey, Ash
different animation studio?
so wheres the titanfall we were promised?
Beginning of season 9:  1st person chooses Valkyrie 2nd person:disconnects 3rd person: disconnects
Give us BT and jack cooper
I'm pretty sure the area they show in the beginning is a destroyed epicenter, It's super icy and as you can see at the 0:32 frame that looks like the top of epicenter has fallen down.
ااااااااااااااااااا حماااااااااااااااااس قويييييييي
Ash still active
Ash?
Dang pathfinder just destroyed loba
Diegosaurs is the new legend? 😂
How are they all getting a full squad?? Must be a different game after all
anyone else notice how lifeline used her drone when her teammate was downed? does that confirm that her shield is being removed and the health drone revives now? edit: it’s at 0:22
Pk back
Not bad, not bad.... FOR A SYNDICATE DOG.
Respawn entertainment: ''I AM THE HYPE''
Ooooo.... NICE!!!! I might have to start playing again!!! 😉
Areeenasssss
YO IS THAT ASH
1:00 , not trying to be mr. predict the future, but is anyone else noticing that octane just wall runned very slightly?
Ash is in it letssss gooooo
Pathfinder is an anti Loba simp.
レイス...イケメン( ᐛ )トゥンク♡
So from the looks of it. We're getting 3 different small 3v3 maps. A snowy kings canyon, an artillery looking place, and ofc, marages party boat over a night club map. Not bad. So even in the new 3v3 mode we'll have map choices. See ya guys then!
Titanfall 3 when??? I need more BT & Cooper. Respawn is wasting their time (and considerable talent) on a BR.  Titanfall 2 is THE best FPS solo campaign and multiplayer ever made.
Bring back Extra Life LTM pls.
Mom wraith
Why is no one talking about Ash?
We need to know something about bt
they can make pretty character
So they made the salvo core miniature so u could use it on people...
Can we please get an animated series, apex trailers always get me hyped, they really know how to make great trailers
I cant Wait!!!!!
Rip loba
Ok si muy padre y todo, pero los servidores? El emparejamiento? El sonido? Para cuando lo arreglan? Y mi reliquia?
The new legend looks kinda like a mandolorian from clone wars
No one in the right mind openly walks into an electric fence like that, It goes to show the effect of drugs on people, dont do drugs.
Did they change the art style? I’m digging it too.
Ash~~~
Valkyrie: I’m in the pipes: 5x5 Titanfall 2 Fans: AH AH SHE SAID IT!!!
The animators really popped off with this one, makes me even more obsessed with the idea of an Apex series.
Wo sind die Deutschen Legenden ?
Eso sí es Apex legends
Wait, Wattsons trap doesnt work like that
I like when mirage is there just vibing and wraith comes
Love the og team up
Question why valk remind me of viper and plss do not add the bow i do not want to break my wrist
Season 9 gonna be lit
I like where this is going
"In the pipe 5 by 5"   i have been waiting for this
are we getting titan fall in apex ??
That moment when wattson’s fence became an actual trap rather than a mental barrier i can already see ottr using all kinds of traps
Stop Teasing us with these Titanfall references respawn! i can't take it any more!
THE THREE TRIO IS BACK IN SEASON 9
Omega
So is the Audio fixed or not?
Anyone notice Fuse's player card ? A casual 34 kills with 5670 damage dealt.
Honestly I would've loved to see revenant appear behind ash
If only they put this much work into making the game run smooth!
De plus en plus lourd les trailer 😍
I hope Bloodhound will get a chance with the bow. That seems so fitting for Bloodhound.
people when they see gun: *scream Mirage: how bout i sing first then you know what happen next
Well season 10 legend confirmed
ok why not combine titanfall gamplay and apex legends in one now that wuld be fun i know that apex is in titanfall universe but difrent time
the octane part was so sick! love this trailers :)
This looks so good
shto kraadesh ot ligataaa iliane
Horizon using Peacekeeper? Peacekeeper back as normal loot item confirmed?
SHE SAID IT SHE SAID THE THING
Whossss readdddyy...👋👋👋👋👋👋👋
They really just referenced the first trailer
BRO IM SO HYPED!
Allah akbar
Everybody gangster until bangalore starts professionally full auto g7 scout 0:21
Day 1 of asking respawn for a movie
If there is a skin with that viper helmet respawn can have my money
Speed is l i f e
give me wraith and mirage please.
tis is the hardest trailer
like father like daughter  btw is that Ash ?
Топ
The Mirage, Wraith and Path squad as a reference of the first ever trailer so cool :)
Revenant is doing just Revenant things
Good luck in apex
Pls paecekeeper comeback.
ファラじゃん
If only their servers were as good as their trailers.Still excited as always..Fix the game please.
Cool trailer, too bad the same can't be said for the servers
Man... they absolute RUINED the franchise     rip bt
Why'd she kick poor Gibby like that....
OH my goooood definitly best trailer no joking wow im so hyped soooo much 🦅
Hyped is not enough for what this trailer makes me feel
Every bad legend looks buffed. Hopefully that's not just for the cinematics..
This is boys. This is the big one.
too much information brain cant handle send help pls
This is by far the best season trailer EVER plus so many teasers for the future. Great job Apex!
It isnt an apex trailer without octane dying 😪
Classic mirage
Battery +electric motor +generator +Transformer +alternator/coil pack =clean energy the hours on a generator is the transformer change it the battery is just for startup
Yh and yet I haven't been able to actually log in since like season 3 because I get a respawn server error message  Evey time
OH MY GOD THIS IS AMAZING
yes
Why they always obliterating my man Octane in every season trailer...
A new character to simp over????
Full auto g7?
Am i the only one who thinks pathfinder's voice has changed?
Coolest season ever made
Why can’t we have crypto actually do what he did with the horizon
Love it ♥️ iiii
Gibby should've domed...
Apex legends mobile
Ok this is for sure the most hype I’ve been for a game🥵
Boston Dynamics became really successful after creating Ash
Okay if Valk's voice is radio-comms like, you nailed it. Reminds me of the air unit from Starcraft.
Énorme 😍😍😍😍
This was absolutely the most fun trailer you guys have ever created. AMAZING
If we ever get an Apex movie it better look like this
Man I love these trailers
THIS IS TOP
Caustic killed.. again
I OWN THE SKY
That was nice asf
Wraiths powers in the game work way differently than her powers in the trailers and it upsets me
Y’all need to make a tv series with these animations I would so watch it 🤩
dont choose rap as cg's bgm plz
The reason why I play since day 01 launch
LOve apex legends
This season is going to be lit 🔥
Who cannot wait ??
I like it
this is gonna be a loooooong 2 weeks
It will be sickk🔥🔥  SHEEESHH
Its funny ngl
That gave me chills
I just hope there is gyroscope in upcoming apex legends mobile Cuz im all gyro player i cant play fortnite cuz there is not gyroscope So i play only pubg mobile
Incoming boogey fast mover! Valk moving to intercept!
My boy bloodhound barely getting any screen time..
Every season trailer has a new art style😏I love it
I can already tell that Valk will most likely have a lot of fan service to Viper, but it's the type of fan service that I'm all for.
Perfection of a trailer respawn
Wow, the Best game of the year
So well made video, I love mirage even more now
Let’s hope Loba’s passive works as well in the game as it does in this trailer.
wow... lets go season 9 !
0:20 Anyone gonna talk about how the g7 looked like a burst or automatic?!?!?
0:43  AAAAAAH man why she didnt say "but the skies belong to me" that would be a great Viper reference
Oh they added pharah, wonder who they'll steal next from OW
Please please please let us be able to get heirloom shards 🥺🥺
"come fly with me"
Best one ever
Nobody:                Mirage: watch me nowwwwwwwww😩
a titan in human form basically, swear to god new main
Mirage doesn’t die? Impossible
Wraith sounds casual
VIPER YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES TITANFALL VIPER COMEING TO APEX YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YESSSSS!!!!!!!!!!
I love Apex
*nobody* me playing octane
im just waitin gto see the moveset of valkarie, then I might get apex. for now, I stick with my titan.
Ok quick recap of possible buffs and nerfs from what we saw, I saw Wattsons fences maybe get a buff because octane was brought to a complete stop when running through. Fuses Ult seems like it gets a buff, fire looks higher and wider so you cannot really jump over it. His tactical also looks more like airburst granade in the trailer what about that? Cryptos drone might be autonomous for some activities, thats about all I could see.
In the wise words of viper, *speed is king*
May be wrong but isn’t she the what’s her face robot lady from Vision Dynamics/Ronin boss in TF2?  Edit:Ash, her name was Ash. Literally remembered as I pressed Done
Speed is life
i think this is gonna get me banned from comenting on apex's videos but   i think octane's reallllyyy fast in bed
she said the line
If they make movie on apex games it going to be super hit
am i the only one that heard valkyre say got you in the pipe 5x5?
Season 9 coming soon on May 4th
Why bully Caustic? Hasn't he suffered enough? ):
Is this like 9th season?? or is an event?
Make titanfall 3
Whats next ? . Wings of liberty ?
Sheeesh 🔥 🔥🔥
YOO THIS IS AMAZING! EVERYBODY GOT A CHANCE TO SHINE!
LETS GOOOOOOO
My face during the whole Legacy Launch Trailer 😱😍
0:23 It's not Lifeline if she doesn't have a Shield
So when do we get to play as Jack Cooper?
This is THE BEST trailer It's soooo clean!
2:14 would have been more accurate if her deathbox pops up while the finishing
So hyped to finally have a pilot esc legend in the game
IM IN THE PIPE, FIVE BY FIVE
Esta verguisimaaaaaa
Overwatch edition
Bro female revanet
Anyone else notice Bangalore use the double tap on the Scout??👀
See you all in Season Legacy gamers!
so wait there are gonna be two legends?
WORLSA EDGE
Oh boy. The new Pharah looks cool.
Haha the animation is very cartoony
0:20 no revive shield? is that gonna be removed from the game and instead will be dependent on a player to have a knockdown shield when being revived by lifeline?
PEACEKEEPER IS BACK! GRAPPLE READY HOMIE
I need serial or film like this PLEASE!!!
Sheeeeesh
1:25 they make a great team just like in the launch trailer in the beginning. Also wraith looks like she hasn’t slept in days
Octane <3
How did Bangalore rapid fire a G7? 👀
BEAT BEAT YESSS
Huh does anybody notice how g7 scout is firing at  0:20
Migare,Path,wraith    THE HOLY TRINITY
necesito una serie de esto weon xd
I JUST GOT WATTSON, I WOULDVE WAITED FOR THE NEW CHARACTER, NOOOOOO.
Path lowkey falcon kicked loba
I would definently play a game with these graphics!
You know what would be awesome? To add some Titanfall multiplayer game modes to Apex ;)
Best apex legeds season trailer so far
Please tell me octane can wall run 🤯
sick
Let’s gooooooo
지렸다.
This is so lively and fluid I love it!
That “remember me” was cold
sooooooooooo coooooooooooooollllllllllllllllll
So is this going to be a game mode for people who don't like Battle Royale but still like shooting
Wraith saving mirage, pathfinder saving both of them, classic.
man poor octane, he always getting clotheslined by something
Was that ash from titanfall?!?!?!?!?!?!
Hey everyone... Please explain to me what happened after the olympia girl came since my os4 broke and I couldn't keep up with the timeline and new characters... So please explains to me what is happeninf like was revenant killed and others questions.. Thnx
Loba has a real difficult time with robots
Is nobody gonna talk about the fact that horizon was using a PK 🤔
WHERE MY TITANFALL BOYS AT?!
LLUEVE JUSTICIA DESDE EL CIELO!!!!!
1:42 Everybody gangsta until Loba's bracelet actually worked
they're bringing it back LETSS GOOOOOOOOOO
Starcraft reference!! So awesome! This game is the best!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
0:34   Overwatch fans:*JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE*
Come on, give Caustic some respect. He's getting kicked in EVERY trailer since the first. Stop making him an easy target on each trailer, he only got his moment in the season 3 trailer for maybe half a second.... It's not fair !!!
Sheeshhhhhhhhhhhhh🥵🥵🥵
path savage and valkarie mocked fuse xD
Extasiado con este nuevo trailer, increible!!!
So many titanfall references apex fanboys wouldn’t understand
is this a new map or is the arena mode
NICEEEEEEE
Nobody knows where was the legend on this video 1:20
This looks dope
Pathfinder😀 - " I love whoever came up with this new game" Respawn Patch Notes - Grapple cooldwown 35 seconds
my boi gibby didnt deserve to be kicked in the face like that :(
ash got waves!!!!!
hype
They really need to make a actual animated series these are way dope!
シーズン9延期してもいいからマジでチーターどうにかしてくれ頼む
Valk boutta be OP asf the first few days of her being released
0:32 was i the only one who immediately thought "JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE" would fit in a meme trailer?
Boringgggg
i’m so excited
❤️❤️❤️👍👍👍👍👍👍
Ok pause....my wife Bangalore one tapped a guy through smoke while falling, revnant killing wraith and her scream and fall was spine tingling, i saw worlds edge is coming back, and between horizon-and- valk one of them will be queen of the skies.  Third this was the most dope trailer!!
Oh hey Ash
LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET's GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
My girl Ash got a new haircut
Octane really said: SPEED IS LIFE
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
我以為天際線踩到辛烷的針筒會滑倒
Please respawn stop killing octane in the trailers 😭😭😭
Dude I cannot wait my jaw is literally dropped for the entire thing
Oooooh mon Dieu 😍😍
Mirage😂😂😂
this is lit
knockdown shield during revive? so the lifeline nerf is not too bad maybe
i like it.
Mirage: Watch me Noooooooooooow!   Priceless lol!!!!!!
You got BLAM BOOZLED, you see ? It’s like Bamboozle, but with, ah well, you know.
It gets better every time
1:43 Loba’s teleport ring is fixed confirmed
New map?
Bloodhound will finally be the proper Hunter with this new weapon 😎
1:44
They nailed the “octane landing far away from his team mates and instantly dies” skit.
By far the best trailer
This is scaryily good
THIS IS GONNA BE FUUUNN !!!
Ash coming back
Pretty cool but where is cross progression?????????????
Titans? 🥺
Epic
2:05 wish that was a finisher 🥶
AYYY
Valkyrie is my new waifu
DIDNT WE JUST GET SEASON 8
Pharah is that you? 0:34
Sheeeeeeeshhh
SHE USED VIPERS LINES IM SO HAPPY
MIRAGE KARAOKE NIGHT LETS GOOOO
loba  😍😍
Love that mirage scene XD
Ahuevo perros
Looks like single fire Havoc is back?
I bet caustic will get his revenge
Wattson <3
Who else would watch an entire movie with this type of animation?
Sweet
1:51 "I love whoeever came up with this new game!" Ash: *EXISTING*
The animation was pretty sick
I need another rev type legend
I SCARED I SCARED I SCARED.
I want a movie in this style
Ash😍😍
Still no revenant buff, P a i n
Loba heirloom confirmed!!!! 1:43
That octane scene was smooth
YOOOOOOOOO
I hate this season it is cursed i want blisk
So the squads were: 1. Bloodhound, Lifeline, Valkyrie 2. Fuse, Bangalore, Gibraltar 3. Rampart, Horizon, Wattson 4. Mirage, Wraith, Pathfinder 5. Caustic, Loba, Revenant 6. Octane, Crypto, No Fill
I hope Valk isn't going to be as annoying as Horizon tbh
Oh i’m so excited 😆
We actually need an Apex movie
We'll see all fckn TTV always with a bow.
I swear mirage is an entire vibe
Va a estar épico!
Can I Jus Say As A Day One Player, I Am Literally In Love With This Game
Valkrye : I own the sky  Well then, time for round 2 with you, death with gun or titan ?
she had a titan and instead of using it she just made a Jett pack out of it disappointed
This comes out on my birthday
How is ash still alive I crushed her into some scrap metal and she blew up
I can't stop hitting that replay button, this is too good
SHE IN THE PIPE 5 BY 5 AHHHHHHHH
Players: * see Valkyrie’s missile storm ult * Players who have played Overwatch: *I understood that reference.*
Everyone:I wish this is what the game looks and feels like  Apex:sory did you say pathfinder nerf?
Ash next legend 🤔 ??
I had no idea that ash was still alive
Ok they popped OFF with this one
This trailer has some season 2-3 trailer level stuff. Which by the way, were the good seasons of apex.
The octane parts in these cinematics are always so hype
0:21 Ah yes, the full auto G7 scout
Compound Bow and some reworks confirmed in this
Stop bullying caustic :<
So does anyone else feel like this is a way for them to test the possibility of releasing a new titanfall so they can see how fans react to it before making a huge investment?   Please respawn finish the story of Jack Cooper at least... him and BT  are missed. Along with the 64...
What did they do to ash
Эш вау
A new season a new reason to spend £££
チーターとブースティングの数が減らないとプレイ人口は減っていく
ファラやん
2:07 crypto hits a woman
WHY MY BABY OCTANE ALWAYS GETTINF MURDERED
1:00 I wish I could do that movement in actual game
Se biene chavales una de las mejores temporadas a lo que se ve.  O.O
Valkyrie "Vengeance rains from Above!"
LOBA NOOOOOOO
Octane buff incoming.... Something is gonna happen if you step on his stim?
The amount of goose bumps I got from hearing “I’m in the pipe 5 by 5”
What loba changed to re45. Poor p20
I wonder if the next character will be another ego driven "too cool for school" type like the last 4
As a caustic main he still deserved everything that happened in this trailer
Wraith: remember me   Me: does this prove my theory that mirage is coco 😮
Cool!!!!!!!!!
やべたのしみ
When does this come out?
As an Octain main this video confirmed that I am using him the rigth way😂😂😂
love the chubby wraith at 1:46
Loba , Revenant and Caustic at same squad. *Oh i see these people will fight each other*
Я запутался, почему новый персонаж выглядит по другому чем в синиматике?
Ash really be vibin
NEW MAP? MIRAGE VOYAGE? AND PATHFINDER KICKED LOBA IN THE FACE?
This trailer is full of Viper refrence and i love it!
Did valkyrie just make a starcraft reference?
"I own the sky" Horizon: 👀
Bowcellent
So does this mean that we won't get Ash as a playable Legend? 😥
The sky’s belong to me pilot no were to run no where to hide
Beyond baattl ropyeall?????? there better eb teityrans rooO!!!
WATTANE
PK OUT THE PACKAGE LETS GO
Even though apex is free, i still buy the battle pass to support the devs for making such a good game.
so what is arena if it’s not a battle royale? because they said they’re treating it like a whole new game right??
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT ASH?!
I want to see more of my boi revenant & ash i still don’t completely get the story behind them beeing simulacrums, but awesome trailer nonetheless
Yall ignoring octane wall running?
Where are the titans they show in the first trailer 🥺🥺🥺 don’t tell me they play with my feelings 😭😭
a creamed a lil
Pharah is that you?
Bow!
First
welcome to the our legacy
Is the peacekeeper coming back cause horizon was using it
Honestly my favorite of the apex trailers. Also 0:33 reminds me of Northstar flight core from titanfall.
can't wait to see full squads of Valkyries on olympus
WRAITH!
Heads up everyone nexy season character is superman
can someone link the nice song
We not gonna talk about how crypto just smack horizon
"Go beyond Battle Royale" Please become Titanfall 3.
Trailer Valkyrie: soar through the sky like a bird of prey Gameplay Valkyrie: hover in place with a bullseye on her head (probably)
What have they done with the animation? The movement looks a lot more fluid and exaggerated, almost like into the spiderverse. Big props to the animators!
Ash is back baby. Sadly not as a champion tho Also revenant killing wraith gave me shivers
2:46 ash?
Me recuerda al tráiler de la primera temporada
I love how they included every legend in this
Pog
This the only battle Royale that's managed to get better the more it updates. I genuinely hate the genre and don't find it fun, but this game is my exception
Forget the Octrain, I'm on the HYPE TRAIN NOW!!!
Lol Pharah from overwatch
Why they always have my boy octane dying like that🤦🏻😤
Manoooo q trailer top slk
Wattson - C'est la vie !
Freaking cool night map
another trailer another caustic death XD
So Hype!!
I love you
Why does octane gets oof bye wattson
A night map
I love how they kept Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder as a consistent team.
Noo the path VA is different, or meybe he has a cough, idk
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA      Me happy
So sick
Think I back to apex next week
SHEEESHHH
الحج بيكون سعيد
We ain't gonna talk about the new lifeline res? Instead of broken shield its knockdown shield now :D 0:21
I notice so many things from the original trailer of apex
its ASH!
Ok this will bring me back lol
New fckin map lezzgooooo
I was waiting for a titan to show up ngl would've been sick
Nice job guys this is sick !!!!!
Man thiss finna be FUN!!!
Nobody caught the Starcraft nod by Valkyrie in the beginning??
Were they teasing Wattson being able to turn her fences on and off or was it just her placing/removing her fence post? Idk
Reeeeeeeeeee
2:03 to real with the drone man
I FEEL MOST ALIVE WHEN RAPIDLY APPROACHING A NEW SEASON
This is the best trailer Apex has had so far
Well I'm dubious of the idea of a fully separate new gamemode, but if I trust any developer to do it right, I trust Respawn.
I have such a feeling as if the graphics will change in Apex
I wonder how they gunna make flying and missiles not op
Does that mean fuse was always throwing beers with his ult?
Did they just bring back the peacekeeper
I just wanna say that I'm in love with Mirage Voyage in Olympus. Thank you.
Next octane up
WOUAWWWWWWW !!!!! OOOH MY GOD !!!!!!
What's with Valkyrie and shooting the bottom of drinks and glasses? lol
wooow
And Ashe is still alive
No
Fix the lobbies or parties bug , when we get out from a game we have bug in the party that is avoiting join to another game without make other party. The bug is since december and is a headache.
Octane zooming oh and nvm
This trailer is soo cool!!!
Sorry apex but I have to see the new cod map nice legend tho
Titanfall 3 Hype
Buff Loba, and revie boi
Eeeeeeeeeh IM EXCITED
Is this a new map?? :)
Bring an apex film!!
I hope that they have a skin that you can keep vipers helmet on valk. It looks sick on her.
Where was bloodhound 😭
Lifeline’s drone will revive team mates 😳
i thought i killed ash?
Who else thought that was ash from titanfall2 but then I saw her face
ワットソン可愛いな。 そして新武器癖強そうだなぁ… てかこのトレーラー魅力めっちゃ詰まってるな。
guys, surley rev and ash are something like no cap
nunca usare a crypto después de lo que le hizo a Horizon en el trailer unu
NOT ASIAN ENOUGH
This is cool and all but can you pls fix the servers 😂.
My appendage has hardened to unprecedented measures.
THE TRAILERS GET BETTER AN BETTER EACH SEASON
Titanfall 3 anyone?
I was expecting a wall run from Octane ngl
Boba fett vibes😎
Fun fact : whenever a new legend comes it is the coolest character till the next one arrives
New map??
I guess Ash was rebuilt. Nice to see her again. I hope you can unlock her as a permanent announcer.
Mad Maggie?
Pathy ain't no simp 💪😤
Its look like Phara form overwatch :D
nice 😎👌
Is that a Wattson fence buff?
1:49
The part where octane was running away was one of the best looking animations apex has done
See yall in the area, all that loot looks heavy
Valkyrie doesn't look like in the stories from the outlands What happened? Edit: I know the textures and all are different but her skin was paler and her eyes skinnier in SFTO
This is the best trailer I have ever seen
So... it's Phara?
Mano que trailer foda
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Looks sickkkk!!!
Peacekeeper is now gonna be a common weapon now?
New wattson buff as in the trailer, set a timer on your fences to trap you enemies in a shocking surprise
Probably the best trailer I've seen
Mobile version?
Are there Any titan fall fans that can’t wait for Titanfall three!! And it’s all happening because of this new season of Apex
Sick Sick sick.... cant wait :)
the little mirage and wraith interactionssss are so cuteeee- AND THE GRAPHICS R INSANEEEE
Let's goooo
Didn't think they would add Pharah.
Mirage didn't die in this video and that's an improvement
B E S T  C I N E M A T I C   T R A I L E R   E V ER❤️❤️❤️ L E G A C Y  H Y PE
0:21 bangalore using g7 like an smg
Ok by why didn’t mirage die in the trailer 🤣
Honestly, that's the hypest season trailer since the S3 one.   I'm so glad to see the OG Wraith, Mirage, Pathfinder squad make an appearance in this trailer too hahaha. As if they've been playing together ever since!
4 days
The skies belonged to her father , now she owns them
turns out Apex Legends has been one long commercial for Titanfall 3
Let's phuckin GOOO!!!!!
BEST TRAILER EVER
Wattson and horizon have cute scene together. Twitter: omfg lololololz did you know horizon and wattson are in a relationship now???!!
My guess is hero based team death match
Why does Valk look different from her backstory trailer..? 🥺😩
Gibby never uses Q in these trailers
Justice rains from above!!!!
Every time a trailer gets released I am reminded of why I main Mirage.
Ash Was Rebuild And Thought Octane was To Wallrun For a Second
I think it's the cleanest animation ever. Respawn is doing very good job !
bring titanfall in apex!
un arco e apex legedns me parece absurdo
EVERYONE STAY CALM ITS HAPPENING
finally
牛逼啊老鐵
Yooo ash with no hood
What I would give to see an Apex Legends Netflix series
new weapon is a cross bow ? hmmm
you had a entire northstar.  and all you took were some wings and rockets?  i mean, going to ignore how someone carries all those really huge missiles, and i am impressed she was even able to track down the titan after 30 years on a shattered planet, but you could clearly see if they had just grabbed a stryder or something (titianfall 1 titans are used in civilization, it would be easy especially for apex to get one) and add back to the body. They had the torso and significant parts of the titan, i don't see why not. Stryder arms and legs could fit well.   I am aware of game balance, but still. I at least hope she reconstructs that titan. Pilot mercenaries still have a place on the frontier.  also ashe got her memories back or something, which will be cool to explore.
0:11 SHE SAYS IT SHE SAYS IT
so are they finally gonna enhance the graphics  for next gen?
So when is S1E1 Pilot come out?
Ash can’t stop her addiction
U r the apex champions
Need to start playing again. Which free legend are your fav?
Everyone be looking op in the launch trainer so I am expecting to be able to fly when I use valkyrie
Fun fact: wraith saying remember me?. Goes back to the first launch tailer, when she encountered caustic and told him before throwing him in her portal and sending him to the void “tell death i say hello”.
Your journey ends here legend , no where to run , no where to hide
0:13 viper: *happy dad noises*
I see the cluster missile doesn’t fall far from the Northstar!
will it run on 940MX
I wish we all can just play season 9 right now
Man what month is 26?
sheheeeheehheheessssss a \
The best part is that one time I was playing octane and a horizon and Watson was changing me in a ranked game and I got caught in a fence then a horizon came and yeeted a gravity lift on me and I was in the edge of the map and I fell of lol
This trailer is the best one they made
Phara ?
So cool)))
Watton buff's
If only Watson was as useful as this trailer depicts
overwatch vvibess
I can't wait to see those aim-hackers to use a flying death machine.
So is this a deathmatch  or something similar ?
I'm HYPE WHO'S HYPE
Valkyrie says basically her dad's line   "the skies belong to me" And "I'm  in the pipe 5 by 5" I'm so happy that there's finally more titan fall stuff in apex and I hope there's more titanfall references connections etc
“Mirage, really? Again?”  *Again?*
This is awesoooommmmeeeee
Now it is coming in Mobild
Tommee Profitt strikes again..........  Good to know Apex kept the trend
Season 2 style trailer? yes please
Loba thought she was slick!
again garbage season
Waiting for it's launch in mobile devices❤️🔥
🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿👎👎👎👎👎
😳
0:11 come on r/titanfall
Best Apex trailer to date
Best trailer ever
Okay so, basically they added pharah to the game
Octane is the best
Worlds Edge, Peacekeeper, Arena Mode. Legacy awaits
Yall are unbelievable :)
EPIC!!!!!
Ironman reincanation
This legacy will be mine
Bruh the pk yes
PATH AINT NO SIMP 😤😤😤😤
dude valkyrie is overpowered
Best Apex trailer.😎
oh si, en mayo comienza  :C
Такое себе
Was that ash from Titanfall at the end?
So um Mirage and Wraith still have some chemistry
I like the viper reference
🔥🔥💥
Im only equiping viper quotes
Can’t wait
NOT A BOW
This trailer was so fun to watch
Not as exiting as the other past trailers but I am looking forward to it. Keep it going devs.
Valkyrie after shooting her rockets: Y O U  H E A R  T H A T  R I N G I N G  I N  Y O U R  E A R  S O N ?
THE VIPER QUOTES I LOVE IT
HYPE
Valkyrae looks so much like pharah from overwatch
Where is Bangalore Season Legacy
2nd trailer in a row with no scope on the pk I think the peacekeeper is coming out of cp and the bow might go in immediately
Very excited for the new season, but am I the only one feeling a little off by the way they modeled Valkyrie in this? She looks like a completely different person than from her story trailer.. (obv animation is different) not only her, but the movement from all the characters seems a little more rigid and less fluid.. like they rushed the animation a little in some bits. All in all, a great trailer but still feels like they could've worked over it a little more to make it flow better..
That octane stim anime is so smooth ❤️
Bro the octane movement.🤔
I'd rather have a mobile version released.
0:59 ここrasさん
Yooo she said the thing, woooo
1:15 Mirage..😂🤣😆
Oke pharah
Fck, 12 days, and I still have thirty something battlepass levels to go😬
a bow really?
Finally I can play hours and hours of this game without getting bored
LEGACY
New Legend To Be Equipped With A Mech, Jump Pad, And Three Spitfires!
Bro they viper reference was cool. Btw it’s when valk says “when you get to he’ll tell them Valkyrie sent you”
I kinda hope that Ash isn't going to be just the arena announcer [organizer? Runner? Whatever..] I would love to see the fabled legend playable, enjoyed fighting her in Titanfall 2 as well.
Take low profile out of the game...
This is my officially favorite one
Trash give me a remastered tf2 or give us tf3 already dang
A flying archer huh? I love it.
Hyped af my duuuuuudes
ミラージュかっこいー！！！
O si esto va a reventar fornite jaja sigue así resspawn saludos desde México
IF ASH ISNT A LEGEND AT SOME POINT ILL CRY
JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE
I think that Valkyrie puts her helmet on when she uses her ultimate ability. When she was in the air fireing rockets she had it on and when she came back on the ground she took it off.
I've lost all interest in this god awful game
Can’t wait!
Can't wait to play Pharah! Thanks Bungie!
TDM LETS GOOO
When’s season 9
"I'm in the pipe, five by five" is the best thing I have heard all year.
this is the best launch trailer. cant wait to experience this
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES My favorite weapon a compound boooooooooow! *-* I've been begging for this since season 2
VINSON DYNAMICS FOREVER
LOBAAAAAAAAA! 😱😱💔
Epic
This looks incredible
Well it can't be worst than season 8 🤣
Ok the arena thing they stole from fortnite not saying i love fortnite its just that they stole the arena thing
The way Wattson hid for her fences was AMAZING. Horizon & Wattson teamwork!   Also, LOVE Mirage and Wraith's conversations.
Now we gotta wait for the battlepass update smh 😩
Ash!?
Hey that Octane is just me
Pog
Se ve buena la wea
Just :Vaaaaaaaa
I'm still confused. Do legends actually die during battle??
Uh ctm
so good omds
I got titanfall vibes out of that not gonna lie
"You can have the ground I own the sky"----Pure Badass.
That's good
Mirage didn’t die this time 🥲
Fuze just wanted a cold one man
Как всегда охуенно
When I find the sweaty TTV that's been killing the entire lobby 2:13
Epic
Viper's gots you in the pipes bye bye bye
Mirage and wraith were so fun
Im still waiting for the movie bdw 👀👀👀
I absolutely loved the animation!!! Feels brand new and how every legend in the trailer spoke! I can't wait . Especially loved how Valk uno reverse card on fuse's tell the devil fuse sent ya and made that hers!
At 1:45 that better be a new loba voice line
There BETTER be ranked arenas
I wish there was more Revenant
pathfinder says "I love whoever came up with this new game!" and he loves ash according to voicelines. ash made the new game mode. so literally he does love the person who came up with this new game. but he doesn't know who it is.
phara lookin cool
Ash Ash Ash Ash Ash Ash Ash Ash
Mirage finally didn’t die lol
Lifeline move that’s Cool!
But r the servers going to allow it?
チーターが暴れそうならキャラだなぁ。
At 1:40 that's either oasis on Olympus or the advertisement of Oasis on solace city cuz the colors and all are pretty close to what we saw in two Stories from the Outlands 1.Legacy of a thief where we got to see Loba moving through Solace City and 2.Fight Night where we got to see some neon based Lightings on the buildings similar to what we are seeing now and we can also hear that mirage talking about leveling a city with his mirage voyage in the prologue of the premier since Olympus is floating in the sky I believe it's solace city he's crashing into, Or else all of this arena can be a virtual world created by ASH !!  using the Holo tech Which  we got to see when ASH fiddle's with COOPER in Titanfall 2
You know as a octane main that has to be one thing that I know to dodge like running from the horizon hard but Wattson combo is harder especially if in small area at that point matrix to the best of your ability and stim to win or live
Let’s goooooo
I just love this game and fandom
This trailer got me Bussin bussin
Welcome to apex legends see you all in the arena
man I wish wattson was that impactful in the normal game
If you think about it, Valkyrie’s finisher is her kicking someone and then farting on them with her jet pack
did ash just amp revenants agression level?  *because he wasn't edgy enough*
Human north star Titan?
We need a movie
Nobody gonna talk about that nice bow at the end?
This give me more Titian fall vibes
IM GOING TI START PLAYING THIS GAME AGAUN THIS TRAILER LOOKS SO DOPE YOOOOOOO
Now comes the question, Should I use my legend points on Bootleg Pharah or the Funny Aussie
So we have phara in the game now
They’re just so human. I love it!
im finna be apex hawkeye
I should probably get some more Legend credits...
Anti simp o matic coming in clutch
this is one of the best animations yet
Love it
Can we make Loba's bracelet work like this 1:42 ? instead of her having to put it back after using it.
Hey, it's pharah from the overwatch team
If her flyes I'll buy it as soon as posible
EEW, why are you massacring viper’s lines!
How did they make northstars stuff so small.....
Played 5 season and steel dont have heirloom , I'm done playing
Season 9 ?
最高かよ🤟🏻ふっ最高🎃
Octane dies yet again
Mirages scenes never get old 😂
Apex really does love destroying their maps seems like
Waitin for Apex Mobile brudass
Every time a new trailer for this game is released, I'm painfully reminded that Titanfall 3 had to die to make this game.  Hope you all enjoy this lore destroying tragedy, I'm out..
0:13 That line is so iconic.
🗣🗣🗣LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
Octane ran away for 19 seconds, <3
i`m the only one who want Ash ? XD
PEOPLE REALLY THOUGHT ASH WAS GONNA BE A LEGEND 💀
Can't wait for the other bug
I'm playing 45 FPS, I hope FPS won't drop :(
Notice in 0:22 how they removed lifelines drone shield ; now u just get to use ur knockdown shield while getting revived .
Wheres my titanfall boys at🥶
Valk: I own the skies  Horizon: Are you sure about that!
I love when loba gets kicked
I love this Game, and i love more now ❤️
Rip
Nooooooooooooooo octane is dead
Man octane lost half his health in that stim lol
yall didn't have to kick my loba like that, i felt that on a whole new level
2:04 Potato aim Moment
Во, наконец то режим для хардкорщиков. Давайте все дуйте туда, нам, нубам, хоть будет полегче в классическом режиме.
Is there a new map? Or just a different season on a current map? Snow!!!❤️
Those effects when Octane started runnig were crazy good. This trailer really got me hyped for Baby Northstar   Not to mention that Loba move 👀
I get the feeling respawn just likes explosions now
WOW
Never gonna say this enough but the sound design team is godlike. Tanks for the goosebumps everytime I watch these trailers.
Valkyrie r34 with the phrase “I’ve got you in the pipe” speedrun
Alright now for another overpower character
Наконец-то нормальный синематик
Why does valkyrie barely look like the way she looked in her story trailer though?
1:27 Is that a refference to the first trailer?
I hope that all this Titanfall in Apex means a new Titanfall as well.
I love the fact that this 1:16 hapend more than once
Season 5 - sombra  Season 6 - bastion Season 7 - Zarya Season 9 - pharah
"You can have the ground, I own the sky." Shuch w wasted opportunity.... She could add there "nowhere to run nowhere to hide"
Valkyrae send you
Valkyrie: "I own the sky"   Me: Yeah your dad said the same thing...weird
THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE GREATEST LAUNCH TRAILERS EVER
Wattson's fence looks more like electrified string attached to a pole
I love the trailer but really areas so where getting the fortnite touch where every sweat will go ( including me) to test our skills...im gonna enjoy this😈💯
Loba: Standing on a crate Path: And I took that personally.
MAKE LORAGE REAL, RESPAWN, I BEG YOU!
😶😶😶
in the pipe 5x5...looks like she really takes after her dad
Let's goo pk back 💪I'm so hype
I see apex got an anime huh?
H Y P E
Best trailer next to revenant reveal, love they put the original trio as a team in the trailer to
"You can have the ground, I own the sky."  Pathfinder, Horizon & Octane: I don't think so, honey.
now this is epic
big ooff
So beautiful I can not wait for the new season to come out.
The octane part was cold💯
日本人ー？
Probably the best launch trailer up to this point, good work Apex team
VALK!!!!
класно будет если введут валькирию с луком, надеемся и ждем
Remember my name everyone.
ASHHHHH AAA AND VALK SAID ALL THE VIPER THINGS I’m so excited for this, I hope there are more direct Titanfall things in the game too, in the future
Did anyone else notice the combat  revive for lifeline
every body gangsta till they see that valcry can fly in her super move
"Go beyond Battle Royale" now we are talking..
OCTANE IS COOL 👌👌👌🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😎😎😎😎
Free to play sin gold!
this was the sickest thing i’ve seen in a while
Valkyrie makes me feel bad for killing viper in TF2
IS THAT ASH?!?!
Isn’t it a game mode
🔥
They brought back the og trio mirage wraith and pathfinder from the first trailer 🥲
It looks like fuse is getting buffed?
This is my favorite apex cinematic yet, the characters personalities are just amazing and they work well off each other
Bloodhound as aways, is getting downed :(
Lobas bracelet working?  Nonsense
Peacekeeper back?🥺
Finally we will have the bow 🏹 💜
New map?
Seeing ash in this trailer got me happy I love ash
So is no-one going to talk about octane
I’m frothing at the mouth at this right now I’ve been wanting this for years
NEW WEAPON TEASE AT 0:06?!
"justice rains from above"
The Arena huh, this would be a great time for a 2x champion to get a skin lol
At 2:00 is that a significant number on the computer screen? Bottom left
So..pharah is in apex now LOL first thing that came to mind
remove splitfire pls. tq
Yo I swear to god make fuses knuckle cluster look like that
かっこよすしやろぉぉおお
Are we just getting a human sized Northstar next season?
How the heck am I gonna wait that long 😭
bro the only why the guys hit the girls is because they believe in gender equality
can’t wait for season 9
why octane always takeing l's
love how wraith has a r99
Y’all ready to get destroyed by R-99 PK again?
so its ashe time to show her arena now, like to see her new map
Five by five 😢
Bru😐
Killed viper today, feeling kinda bad. Also i like how valkerys voice lines are the same as vipers.
ash have portal 2 foots i never saw in titanfall 2 1:56
Titanfall 3 please please
So Gibraltar had a chance to throw down his dome at any time but not when Valk is about to rain missiles on my boi lol
Apexwatch
Valkyrie reminds me of Pharah and great to see Hexadecimal from the Reboot series again!
That's really cool. Lifeline can heal his friends with their own knockdownshild. It's in my opinion better than her shild
Mirage carrying the trailer again.
Haha, at least Loba's teleport is working on trailer... b
1:47 I can relate to pathfinder
Still,not the time for badass boss..I wonder how many legends can fit the screen...
So wallrunn letso
best apex trailer out there
I’m a little upset that they did my boy Octane like that
ASH!!!???
So we just getting a load of predators e.g viper ash blitz
MY BOY OCTANE GOT THE PARKOUR MOVES!!!
Mucho hype, vamos si señor
Imagine Valk, Horizon, Rev push😳
Mirage Singing though😂 Had me Dead
Ash
Not gonna lie freel like a trailer on movie,respect! :D
2:21 "You got bamboozled" x4
she said the thing.   also   *flight core ptsd intensifies*
Bloodhound might like new Legend
this trailer is the best one, you have a great team of developing !
The best trailer so far!
Cant wait to fly across the map in 2.0 seconds
0:48 oCTANE SO BEATIFUL
❤️amando cada maldito segundo del mejor  juego!
The map though
Oh wow another flying character yippie!!
Bro in titanfall 2 viper says to jack tell the devil viper sent you and now shes saying it thats cool
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
New map!!
Caustic's only appearance was getting headshotted with a wingman... guess he's not getting a nerf
so is a bow the new gun
I hope there is a skin where valk keeps the helmet personally it looks better than anything I have seen so far in apex
This is gonna be sick
Seeing the throwback to S1 Path, Wraith and Mirage hit different. I guess Path gets the loot again since he saved them 😂
アッシュの壊れた分のパーツをレヴナントのパーツで補ってる？
Después de tantos meses sin tener gold al fin podré jugarlo
1:00 that octane nerf hit different.
So will we finally get cross progression too!! cause I doubt I'll be playing if cross procession isnt implemented. just switched to PC and Im not dropping a dime in this game if I dont have access to my collectables form xbox.
Sheeeees
is peacekeeper ground loot??
They said S9 was going to be big, but not this BIG.
They should make an animated series or movie with these clean graphics
We’re just easing apex fans into titanfall
Is that ash
Ooohhh no... Dont tell me Valkire can fly.... Please NO
new bow and arrow weapon getting added with season 9 ????
Do you think the new legend is a bit over powered, but the new session look awesome
Anyone else got the secret badge yet
Perfect depiction of playing caustic in season 8
music?
Northstar is just like her father.
Please don’t tell me she’s fina be able to Fly🤦🏽
j'ai bcp trop kiffé, Merci Respawn, je vous aime d'amour
Man, i still wish Valkyrie's ult was calling down Northstar, although flight is as cool
hello         why are you still here          GO AWAY         OK FOR REAL         AAAAAAAAA
Wattson fense rework?
Loba,A new sandbag of Apex Legends.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
All of the viper callbacks are gonna make me cry.
Les goo
1:03 ahh the possibilities if we could remotely activate the pylons
0:12 "Viper got you in the pipe, five by five."  I loved that reference that his father.
0:21 anyone remember that idea for lifeline res on reddit is this confirmed 🤔🤔
new game mode?
VALKYRIE SAID THE THING! SHE SAID THE THING!
Mirage is a nut LOL
cool
This trailer just made me realized the arena logo is the apex games logo upside down
1:25 This is genius! Mirage saved Wraith like this in the season 1 trailer and now she saved him!!! Miwraith for the win!🔥🔥🔥
hope yall didnt miss pathfinder saying " i love whoever created this new game" then it cutting to ash
soo good Trailer
APEX=ANIMATIONS. CHANGE MY MIND🔥😤
The game has never worked correctly for me
I think we all knew Mirage would be the best part
Let’s go 4 more days
I love the full-auto G-7 that's completely legit promise
Man I have zero idea of what her abilities will be based around
Is that ash?
Best trailer ever made since game launched
Daniel Zein Klein: can’t wait to nerf Valk :D
Wait. This is just pharah from overwatch
Why 2:48 look like Star Wars Inquisitior?
I knew that's the daughter of viper
Voodoo-2, Valkyrie’s on station. Your journey ends here legend, the skies belong to me. Nowhere to Run. Nowhere to hide.
"Welcome to the legacy of the Apex Predators. Welcome to the Arenas." Because before Apex there was Titanfall; The Arena shooter.
Hayyu
1:29  Accurate and it hurts
FIVE BY FIVE
are we getting 2 legends
Their adding too many woman in the game. Makes it less unrealistic.
Trailer for a trailer?  haha
The cinematic is incredible ! I juste don't get why they always bully Caustic... He never shines in trailers
Looks like path got payback at Loba for calling him an appliance
The gameplay reveal is on my birthday, let's go!
Please bring back solo’s for arena it’ll be great to have 10 or so people fight 1v1s or 1v1v1s
Viper then, now Ash.
メモ(明日買い物) 赤ペン 方眼用紙 湿布 土曜日友達が家に来るならお菓子
Nice, pharah added to apex :)
Is it just me who likes the old animation better? This one seems clunky and wack
Loved the trailer but I'm vastly disappointed by Valks model here. I hope the in game model will look more like the Tales from the Outland one :/
Ash? Also does Valkyrie have a Voodoo one line?
Justice rains from aboth
Ash: welcome to the legacy of the Apex Predators Me: laughs in platinum rank
Ah yes the phantom bow
I took another look at the peacekeeper that Horizon was using and it seems to me that it has the iron sights on which could mean that its coming out of the care package
What did I miss in season 8 and 7
Mirage and wraith are definitely f***ing
Buff Caustic
Best trailer since season 3. This is absolutely epic.
Might just start playing again ngl
wait was that ash?
if valk has the helmet she'll look sick, if not she'll be one of the worse legends in terms of her default skin
Valkarie:You can have the ground,I have the sky.          Horizon:Am I a joke to you!?
Is that ash from titanfall?
fuses' tactical looks like its getting a buff
*"THE SKY BELONGS TO ME"* - *VIPER* (2016) *"I OWN THE SKY"* -LiL' VIPER aka *VALKYRIE* (2021)
仕事が早いな
Rien à dire,çe trailer est spectaculaires🤯
Одному кажется что качество анимации в конце ухудшалось ?
Pharah wants her concept back
wraith, mirage and pathfinder are the perfect match
What in the overwatch?
Justice rain from above 🤣
Wow
BEST BR OUT, it’s no even close!! And this trailer is and has EVERYTHIIIIIIING!! Can’t wait for season 9!!!!
People can hold their knockdown shield while being revived by lifeline :O
I didn't feel the trailer like those prior but I'm looking forward to the gameplay trailer
I Valk doesn't say " Justice rains from above "  I will be sad
OOOOOOOOOO OK
Give me the battlepass trailer! :O
lets go ash
Wake me up when they add wallrunning
Are we getting 2 champions ( Ash and Valkyrie ) or they still have Ash in the closet?
Gooood very goood
why do caustic always dies & do not do nothing else
Make season 10 the last season
The animations are amaizing I mean they worked  really hard this time
better than COD season 3 trailer
Fortniteと言いさ、 最近はREGACYってか そういう昔っぽい奴流行ってんの？w
*”Stand By For TitanFall.”*
Why did i stop playing this?... it's beautiful
Yo it’s Pharah pog pog pog
They killed caustic in a trailer. Like jesus christ you already killed him last patch cool it Respawn
Man it was satisfying watching wraith fall to her death
途中で出てきたレイス・パスファインダー・ミラージュのパーティ構成がシーズン1のローンチトレーラーと同じ構成でエモさを感じた
This is so sick
Yeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh Booyyyyhhhhhh!
Now if only you guys can make the game fun aswell as awesome trailers 👌👌👌
Is there a reason why the G7 is full auto
When you have 12000 legend coins to get rampart (who’s the last legend I need to get) but you’re gonna use them to get Valk instead
If they don't do some Inception type stuff like they did in Titanfall 2 with Ash I'm gonna cry
Buff Caustic plz
New main
Are we getting 2 Legends?
Збс накрасили чумбу, выглядит лучше чем в синематике.
So we flying now  ....
Now fix ur servers
Pharah in apexgames btw
Эш это новый скин на ревенанта
Pathfinder: 1 fEMINIST: 0
Also I want to rip Mirage singing as a ring tone. R-O-F-L-M-A-O!!!
I am still waiting for apex  Legends mobile
this trailer is so good compared to the previous, it actually shows their characters alot
Titanfall this, Valkyrie that, is no one going to talk about new (team death match? ish?) game mode???? -and that automatic G7 lol-
Legooo
Rip loba
2:40 Ash from Titanfall!
Hello phara from overwatch, why u take hanzo bow?
New map!?
I love how all the legends are in here in the story seems so good. I really do love this video
Sick trailer!
0:53 is it just me or does octane’s laugh match with the music?
So she can fly and uses a bow and arrow. I might actually cry immense tears of joy right now.
That running octane is 100% Punch yelling HHHHhhhHHHHHeeeeEEEEELLLLLLLLppppPPPPPPPP
The whole thing is just a teaser for the next legend, Ash.
SHE SAID THE LINE BAYBEE
Octane mains be like: ahahah stim go brrrrrrrr
So Octane is now the one who gets killed all the time?
no one is gonna talk about the full auto sound and visual effects on the g7 at the start after fuse ability ?
Every day we get closer to Titanfall 3.
NO! Horrizon will have something to say about who owns the sky, Bring it Darlin'
That bow will be a big problem.
情弱なのて新レジェンドの話は知らないけど、まじで空飛べるならもうスターウォーズのfpsを作ってくれ、俺がやりたいのはapexなんだわ
Valkyrie: Justice rains from ab- *dead Phara: first time?
THEY CHANGED THE VALKYRIE
1:28 “remember me?” epic
Mirage? Again?....Really?  Wraith making a comment about his death in Trailers
Faide "I will end that valkyrie career"
Y u gotta do that to octane 😫
2:13 that puts a smile on my face
From week two, in season 1 , i still here. It's good thing? Eh eh 😂 I love this game. 😎🤘🤖. Thanks to all team again.  "Get ready, i'm coming for you"
Night mode !!!! 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃  Yes yes yes yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0:21 So the G7 going to have a new Hop pup?
Sooo, Arenas all themed after the Apex Predators and their Titans? Blisk, Slone, Richter, Viper, Kane and Ash?  And looks like Valkyrie's kit is basically 'what if Northstar Titan, but without the Titan part, just the gear strapped to a pilot'?
Ist That World‘sEdge? Hallo?
Pipe 5x5
So we not going to talk about how when Bangalore used the g-7 it was automatic
I AM SO HYPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED!
Yes yes yes the arena looks so good I needed a change I love apex the gameplay drops on my birthday !! ❤️❤️
Apex legacy will the biggest season yet whos with me?
1:27 only og well undestand
Braindead music, but otherwise a good trailer
CAUSTIC GETS CLAPPED EVERYTIME
great trailer as always. I wish to see you all in the arena
id like to congratulate the animators on this trailer. octanes bit especially was so smooth, the faces so emotive. i love it
This is the coolest thing i ever watched
Loba <3
Valkyrie wangi!
"You need to move faster than that son, speed is life."
Anyone else surprised lobes tac actually worked
LETSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Naya bhokal game 🔥😈💥
OH MY GOD
Welp, season "Legacy", say hello to "Windows 9" and "iPhone 9". Respawn also hates number 9 😟
Wonder what they are going to break this time !
さぁ、シーズン9も一緒に戦おうぜ！！ 世界のブラザー達よ！！👍
saw the video on the game came here for the comments.
the quality is amazing 🤩
Lifeline getting needed well time to main calk
Snow will f*ck my fps
1:04 i wonder if this is a teased buff for wattson or it just for cinematic purposes
This is amazing
Poor Caustic allways gets killed in these shorts
We not gonna talk about how it’s literally pharah from overwatch but Asian
Alright. Great. Old stuff becoming new. Cool. Now announce Titanfall 3
New map?
Миротворец вернут на землю
welcome to the new peak of hot sale cheat at cc and unknown.
Great work as always respawn! Keep it up!
New game mode?
The return of the peacekeeper gonna be epic cant wait to run into you bots
Wraith talking like a normal person for once 🥵
They fly now?  They fly now.
0:22 Yay they nerfed life line lol
I just realized that the place where it looks like worlds edge might not be worlds edge because it has a phaserunner it seems to possibly be a map for arena since its a 3v3 and it looks like a small map
where is Punch
it all will end as it started. in arena of glory , blood and ...op third parties comin at oyu every time you finaly beat a squad of 3 while you had to go solo beacuse all your team rage quited at the respawn beacon
Hooooooh we that bows bout to be annoying asf and I love it.
0:22 ライフライン起こせよ
Video was good but as usual a very questionable choice of music. Someone in your studio could throw together better trailer hype music than that, in under 10 minutes probably.
Anyone remember ash from titanfall 2
pharah is that you?
So Ash is up to something.
WTH IS THIS MAP
Yesss more flying characters lol
Desde Tijuana pateando traseros en Apex ;)
Respawn, why are all the female legends more appealing to play, they have better abilities and better hit boxes, while legends like mirage and Caustic are basically a nobody. When will you create a legend that is a male who is better than all the other legends, bc look at what you did to Fuse, garbage tier, he could have been way better. At least change his ultimate to a huge nuke or something, something that will actually inflict damage, then I won't think your company represents male hate. Bc by the looks of it, you make every white male legend a weak pos.
its pharah :)
it kinda looks like Telltale games animation, not gonna lie...
bro caustic gets aped in every cinematic thats sad
Looks like revenant took advantage of wraith’s hitbox
Haha her father dead
Ура! Ты увидел здесь русский комментарий.
If you pause at 0:23, you’ll get a perfect view of how Lifeline’s revive will work! The knockdown shield will be the replacement of the shield D.O.C. Provided which balances out the chance to break the shield while they are being revived!! Well balanced for sure!!!!❤️
Как всегда апекс пушка!
1:34 that holoage's face though XD
Viper in Titanfall 2
100% the best trailer for a new season i have ever seen. It has everything just wow!
Amazingggggh
Anyone notice the lifeline in the beginning just slides by bloodhound, doesnt res, but drops her health drone by accident?
Ничего не понял, но очень интересно.
If you pause at 0:23, you’ll get a perfect view of how Lifeline’s revive will work! The knockdown shield will be the replacement of the shield D.O.C. Provided which balances out the chance to break the shield while they are being revived!! Well balanced for sure!!!!❤️
TDM????
OKAY, OKAY,......👌
Respawn has out done themselves
This is probably gonna be my favorite season, so many throw backs to Titanfall 2 (I'm hoping) are gonna be in it, and it's gonna be amazing
You did it great Apex nice game 👍👍
Bruh, you should just put on the title in paréntesis thats its Fara from overwatch.
Finally worlds edge
0:53 I love how they depict Octane completely running away from a fight when he gets into one. they literally animated how my games go
Valk : it's over legend, i have the high ground Some random arc star : i'm about going to end this woman's whole carrier
This is a comment to like to show respawn you wanna see a Netflix show about apex
00:34 正義の雨に裁かれろ
wattson getting that buff?
Who else is hype about this !!!!!
Who is Ash? I already killed her in TF2!
''Justice rains from above '' ?
As a revenant main I can't wait to shoot her out of the sky with my tactical ability
is it only me or is valkyrie's ult the same as phara's ult in overwatch
I loved Warzone... until my account got hacked and stolen. I was hopeful that my account would get recovered so I could play again with friends. Well, I just watched the new CoD trailer and honestly... that was singlehandedly the worst piece of media used to promote a product I've ever seen. Words do not describe the sheer disappointment I feel after witnessing such levels of cringe I only thought Fortnite was capable of producing. Long story short: I'm glad I play APEX now, see y'all in the Arena!   GG's
pl0oiease bring basck waoer lds edyheg
looks good
I can't tell you how much I loved seeing Horizon getting owned by Crypto
So this is basically a trailer for a trailer LOL
this is pharah
WoaH this Is Gonna Be FiRe
So what I see wraith and mirage might be getting voicelines together again
Octane always gets bullied in these trailers
love how most of the trailer is every character but valk
So she can fly?
Valkyries got you in the pipe five by five
There goes Octane dying again
Lets fckin goooo
So, do you want to improve the Asian server?
Wow
Nice, I might go back to Apex.
New legend came in like “JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE”
This new animation is fire!!!!
MirageXWraith
To waaaaaaaaarrr!
Justice rains from above
かわいくてよかった、、、幼少期と前のMVの海外の人が想像する典型的アジア顔じゃなくてよかった、、
SHEEESH
" you can have the grounD , But i OWN THE SKY"
Epicardo
Must've been really hard to copy+paste Pharah into the game.
"Voodoo-2 Valkyrie's on Station, Your journey ends here Legends, the skies belong to me, nowhere to run-nowhere to hide."
Imagine if we got 2 legends
I'm going back to APEX!
Мне одному так кажется или трейлеры стали более качественные как минимум в плане графики?
Ash?
The Apex Animated series is the final part we are missing
Vendrá lleno de Bugs lo veo venir........
I swear mirage wraith and path are the best trio
Was that ash from taten fall
Look at me fckin watching this while im grounded
Pathfinder: I love who came up with this new game! me: who gon tell him it's his ex 😓 f in the chat for pathy
0:48 - 1:07 literally every Octane main pushing halfway across the map by themselves and then dying
Amazing!
This is going to change everything
Apex now is becoming so much more than a Battle Royale I honestly didn't expect myself to be so attached to this games story as well as characters when I first got it hats of to Respawn, Panic and EA for making such a great game.
Apex is op😎😎
first things first the frame rates and sharper design of the characters as well as the lighting beautiful thanks second bro octane is the star of this trailer I love it and I'm not even an octane main and C all the top pick legends get wrecked wraith gibby horizon it's a sign people low level legends are gonna take this game shout out to rev the hardest legend since season 4 stay badass and always will be oh yeah uhh what's up new legend no one likes u that much
So fking hyped
pog
Oh cool they added Pharah from Overwatch and gave her a Siege characters name!
Well . So what ? When single player mode is not in play . I said this last year, I will say it now . As long as the game does not have a single player mode, the game is not complete yet . APEX LEGEND NEED SOLO MODE ,please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Titanfall movement?
What happened to pathfinder’s voice???
pls give heirloom shards :(
gay
ITS BEAUTIFUL!
I wonder if the bow will slow you like the airstrikes and arc stars
Why always octane
crypto slapping horizon with his drone. yo crypto you Scuffed?
DAYUM THIS TRAILLERR
NO NO NO!!!!! I REFUSE TO BELIEVE THAT ASH US BACK NOOOOOO HAHAHAHAHA HAHA NO YOU CANNOT DO THIS TO ME
Huh so this is apex version of pharah? nice.
レジェンダリースキンで最初出てきた感じでバイパーのヘルメット付けてたら固定キャラにする！！
Ой как неожиданно, новая легенда сильная и независимая телка, следующая легенда пасхалка тоже телка. Уау как мы все этого ждали, это же именно то, чего хочет основная аудитория онлайн шутера, состоящая во все времена преимущественно из парней. Бля ну просто гениально
I already got my legend tokens ready
respawm : Quieres un buen trailer esta temporada ?
I like how noones talking about how northstar (the legend) made a portable titan
This is so cleeaaannn
Wow, they actually move around and fight like real fight not WWE style.
So basically it's pharah  but for apax
I just noticed that’s the original crew from the first launch trailer look ,pathfinder, wraith, mirage
Love the adoptive mother daughter relationship Wattson and Horizon have.
Real nice! as usual...   However between the slow motion bug, hacker situation, missing teammates from get go, disconnections, forced ltm and millenial devs arrogance. I must say your coffee never tasted this bad.  But nice video Respawn! keep up the good work!
This is actually gonna be the best season of apex ever
Single shot havoc back, nice
オクタンがカッコいい!
poor caustic, keeps being third partied
Crypto hit a girl😱
wow that was cool
PHARAH?!?
Please drop a Netflix series. First, it would be pretty intense for your pocket, Second, it would be great for us. Win Win
2:35  I literally use Fuse’s “tell em fuse sent ya” line to pay respects to Viper but now I guess I’ll have 2
APEX, cada vez te estas ganando mi corazón y pensar que te olvide la 2da temporada ♥♥
Noooooo lifeline nerf :'(
i swear if the bow is gonna be like fortnite or like s9 or 10 im done with apex :D its gonna be probably op and its gonna destroy the comp but it will attract more ppl to the game my opinion i personally dont want apex to end up like fortnite like in s9 and 10
No Titan?
すんごく楽しみだよ〜🔥
Is that... MY GIRL ASH?!
Apex legend Mobile
2:18 Wait what?! I really wish someone at respawn would share some lore on how the apex games work! PLEASE!!!!!
Do people still play this game?
I love how they got mirage, wraith and pathfinder as a squad in this trailer, just like how they did with the 1st trailer. I wouldn’t mind watching a movie of that squad! ......   I really want a movie of that squad
I WISH the Legends moved with this much character and passion in game
Duck 🦆 nice work apex
Pharah btw
She not gonna be moving that fast in game 🤣
YOOOOOOOOOO
Can't even play the game because of the lag they should fix the server issues before releasing another season shows how much respawn cares
Oh look, it's Pharah.
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWS
I just am confused this trailer didn’t answer much besides ash taking her hood off
Найс какаето зимняя карта весной
Hearing Valk say Vipers voice lines brought a tear to my eye
The legacy of the apex predators.... Maybe Valk is the first of many other apex predators "kids"... Blisk Bringing the old gang back together. Blisk ✔ Ash ✔ Little viper ✔ ...
They finally added Phara to Apex we need a Roadhog now
That Aliens reference at the beginning. Yup, love it
This is the best launch trailer yet
Respawn please make cross save happen
QUEREMOS SERVIDORES BUENOS EN LATINOAMERICA!
Опять белая?😡
Honestly not a big fan of the new ash mask, still happy to see my sadistic robot tho.
This is one of the best launch trailers🙏
SO THATS THE Titanfall Tie in. Cool.
Ash got a upgrade
Wait a minute that's Ash...to those who don't know it's she's from titanfall. Since you know apex is a faction group in titanfall so kinda makes sense to see ash appear eventually.
that new map looks live
NICE!!!
Well this is nutty
楽しみー
I’m getting Sabine Wren vibes from Valkyrie lol.
I'm in love with this CGI style. And I'm so hyped for the legacy
Best launch trailer ever
why everyone at 1hp
I've just realised that Gibralter in all the the trailers ie the heavy machine gun guy
See what happens when you support the game and buying there apex pack?? You get this beautiful upgrades: cinematics and gameplay 😭😭😭. I stopped at 45 seconds to comment this. I’m already looking forward to this new season
I’m sorry, but ash looks like apocalypse from X-men .
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
hearing her say viper's line's just sounds ... wrong
Bro that's Watson's rework
i can't believe they got pharah in apex
THE HYPE IS REAL
BEST SHORT YET
These are my favorite trailers because they're so entertaining and I love hearing the voice actors interact
Yes
This is unreal
HYPE
I just want Titanfall 3
ok soo this thing gave me more goosebumps than my finals
Love how they gave Valkyrie Viper’s quotes
Apex legacy will be continued
You cannot say that apex copy the bows because since season 6 there was people that say the bows will come in apex legends
...
Really?, She can fly? That's gonna be OP af
Hey
Just make a movie out of it already
So there 2 new legends?
Wraith Mirage and Pathfinder are the greatest trio I’ve ever seen and I love them
1:48 Revenant:Now that was funny 💀💀💀💀💀💀
Valk is racist towards Australians, think about it. Blisk and Fuse are Australian and she destroyed both of their drinks. SHE IS RACIST TOWARDS AUSTRALIANS.
WE FINALLY SEE LOBA IN A TRAILER YES. IDC IF SHE GETS SLAPPED BY PATHFINDER SHE APPEARED
a game mode I will literally never play, but I'm happy for anyone who wanted this.
"legacy of a champion isn't measured by simple victories, it is measured by resolve, by commitment to a single focus" me every time someone asks why i main Wattson
Hey it's the same squad from the game release trailer!
このまんまやったら強すぎ
So if her ability can damage ppl enough, will you devs go back on the Caustic nerfs? After all, chars abilities aren't supposed to be equal to weapons... right? smh
We all know Octane is running because he hasn't found a gun, right?😂
New Bow Weapon?
Nice job 👍🏻👌🏻
YEEEEESSSS
The animation is sick boiiiii
Pettetition for apex to allow console kbm
Love there times when  there is hype and people aren’t yet complaining about nerfs or over/underpowered legends. This won’t last long...
This, this is fire
Anyone else got goosebumps from watching that or just me
Is this a show, movie or gaming cinematic? Can't tell
great animations man :)
nerf valkyrie :P
That ain't dababy
Why does octane always have to get iced in these
Is it me, or does the animation look more plastic?
Is no one gonna talk about how the new Olympus looks in this trailer? It’s really cool.
NOSTALGIA
My parents: *break into my room to talk about my grades* Me: 1:22
Aye Viper is back, better than ever!
Pharaoh from overwatch looks cool in apex
This game is in another league
Me: *sips drink* One, never shoot another man's drink. Two, you can keep the sky, runt. And three, Double spitfire time! *Sips drink again* Next rounds on me, Fuze. Little missy just stepped in my turf!
Hands down THE BEST trailer yet!🔥🔥🔥
This animation style should be the default animation style for all future animations
Squad 1: Gibraltar, Bangalore, Fuse Squad 2: Valkyrie, Lifeline, Bloodhound Squad 3: Rampart, Horizon, Wattson Squad 4: Wraith, Mirage, Pathfinder Solos: Octane, Caustic, Loba, Crypto, Revenant
Y'all better get ready
So are we getting the peacekeeper back as ground loot
But apex PLEASE FIX skill based matchmaking because I’m level 100 bronze 3 and I GET PUT IN PRED LOBIES WITH LVL 500
I got goosebumps when she said welcome to the arena
5 by 5 oooh nostalgia
Finally back to worlds edge ❣️🙌
she said the thing
I need voice line on Mirage : Watch me nooooooow!
I’m just not hyped for this season
The skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. 0:20 Automatic G7 btw?
I honestly don't like the new legend
Bruh why do I feel like Valkyrie is gonna be OP. Flying and shooting rockets like bruh.😂😭
POG
I wonder what ash think of revenant or do she know or heard about him
LEGACY
This is gonna be the best season!
As a Caustic main, I know too well how it feels to down 2 players and then out of nowhere have their 4k/20kill badge Wraith teammate delete me with a wing man. Good times
"Justice rains from above"
Valkyrie becomes totally different.  Did she get a plastic surgery?
LETS GOOOOO BABYEEEEE3
this is my favorite apex trailer so far
That's sick
If only Loba could teleport that far 😔
Full-auto G7 did anyone else see Bangalore shoot it????????????
またレイスに殺されてるよガスおじ˙Ⱉ˙
muito bom
Never hurt Pathfinders friends
Slowly but surely we're getting titanfall 3
Apex on Android Available in India'(◕ᴗ◕✿)
By far the best trailer.. Anyone's with me?
Did anyone else clap after that AMAZING Trailer?!!
Can we have the game look like the trailer please 🙏
Actually looks dope
There’s a bow?!?!🤭🤪
This game deserves a tv show. Also Caustic just can't catch a break in these cinematics
See you guys there
who loved that part when octane was running away from horizon ?😂😂
Imagine being a TTV Wraith hearing your favorite character scream to death. Yep. Sad
Give me that crypto finisher respawn...
Lol I just killed ash in titanfall 2
And as usual my poor boi octane dies. Honestly though, the trailers don't feel the same without it.
new mapp yessssss
Literally got goosebumps seeing Ash
LOBA I LOST
loba bracelet automatically on her hand once she's teleported.  wait, that's illegal.
Ok I’m confused. Who’s the new legend? Ash or Valkyrie?
If they were to put the same amount of dedication in the servers as they do on the trailers Apex would be different.
nice 20 fps movie
New main right there =D
LETSGOBE EBERR
Hype
phara 😳
02:05 crypto trolls made it to apex trailers
I love how mirage wraith and path are still a team
💥💥💥❤
Just make the Apex movie bruhh
SICKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Best apex trail ngl
The new animation can be debatable, I think that the new animation for movement is GREAT, BUT the new animation for the faces? Ehhhhh not that good, I would prefer the old faces because it actually matches the characters in the game and now it looks more cartoony and smoother and not detailed, I would really prefer the old models/animation for the heads or faces. Like in the trailer when Gibraltar, Loba, and fuse came up. Their faces were just really really off it was eh
Why are they adding a crossbow
I literally swear to God. _Please add a Wattson nessie onesies_
What's going with the season on one hundred and one hundred ten.
Titanfall fans unite!!!!
They finally adding bow and arrows
Valkyrie on station!  Your journey ends here legend, The skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide!
Sheeeeeeesh
nice,the Farrah of apex
gotta love wattson that why she my favorite legend to play as!
どんだけ見てんだよ
moje calzon :D :D
1:26 caustic: **intense flashbacks to the apex launch trailer**
from what I saw is that g7scout got 3 round burst mode in S09 and now we got a bow
1:44 what's wrong with the eyes!?
King's canyon again? 🤮
TitanFall2 has left the chat.
PEECEKEEPER COME BACK ???
I didn't like that she kicked gibraltars face
0:21 , Bangalore fires the G7 Scout in automatic mode?
OW pharaoh
That Pathfinder kick to Loba felt personal
a no te pases de verdolagaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Who is Ash?
New animation style is cool
1:27.....OG's know the reference from this scene  By the way apex can make a movie with this kind of quality trailers👍
Who else would want a night time map?
so its canon now that wattson can turn on and off the fences?
Do this mean the peacekeeper is gonna be ground loot
Soooooooo whens Titanfall 3???
Ok nice trailer, but also what if Wattsons fence actually worked like how it does in this trailer
PHARAH oh yeah
Yes
Anyone else not like the cg of the characters?
Yes death is now
This game is so good
Arena Finally
That’s hella of a movie
*voodoo 1 viper's on station. Your journey ends here. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide*
Im ready
hype
So the new legend will be able to fly? Is that her passive ability?
Ok, JACK COOPER! There’s a reunion of the Apex Predators! Come here with your Titan and end the work that you started!
0:35 prove that this isn't realistic: gibby died.
oh man, imagine if they made crypto's melee be his drone whenever the drone is in his back. that would be so cool
Hype???
I never thought I’d see that helmet again
Lol, hawkeye ironwoman.
A trailer in which Mirage doesnt die? This is new
Can we all just appreciate how good this trailer is! It even references to the previous trailers
Alguien mas de Perú que le encanto este tráiler ? UwU
Best trailer so far
"Your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide." Rest in peace Titanfall
Wow
I want a apex movie
Wraith pathfinder and mirage in one scene is nostalgic
haha phara refereence go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
They bully mah boi caustic ;( 1:27
PogU?
This got me so hyped
Animation is getting better each season  Apex truly the best
LESS GOOOO
Cant wait for my random teammates to leave because they cant play the new legend
Güncelleme efsane olmuş gibi görünüyor 😍
I’m assuming that the militia will hear about the apex games and about ash and invade the map and take her down
Woooooow
peace keeper floor loot??
THAT WAS SICKKKKKK
btw i wanna clear some misinformation she isn't a pilot as blisk said just flying with a titan doesn't make u a pilot she probably hasn't even had a titan link. and she hasn't had any pilot training ., and also no jump kit
Сука где русские ?
Can we stop killing Octane 😃
Oh my goodness this animation is so phenomenal and Valk looks so fun!!!!!
No one gonna mentioned Bangalore full autoing that G7????
2:48 Is she Ashe?
LETS GOOO
Is that a mother flippin bow
New pharah looks cool
I’m just gonna be honest here      I hate the new art style
De tout beauté !! 😍
nice trailer... finally the s3 gameplay trailer has a competitor. Also, 0:15 this map looks sick. Love it.
With a new season come out I'm using that character all the time we saw her super ultimate and then she can use missiles oh yeah you're getting destroyed and I can't wait to use her man that crossbow had to be a one shot
Is anyone tired of overly cocky, over the top, arrogant legends? We need more humble and laid back legends  like Crypto and Gibs.
New gun and now wolds edge
Cant wait to spam five by five line
Im not the only one who found it funny that crypto slapped horizon with his drone😂
прикольно
Bow and arrow LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
When you think about it,this is really disturbing when you remember the fact that these are actual people sticking arrows into each other's eyes. Sometimes I end up feeling disturbed seeing wraith or someone getting stabbed and hear them scream as they fall to they're death. And yet they take pleasure in it. That is freaky when you think about it. Is that just me?
OHHHHHHHH BOOOIIIIII
MY GIRL ASH IS BACK!!!!!
Ok but where is Titanfall 3?
Justice  Rains From Above!  Tbh everyone gonna be so disapointed how shes so agile in the cinematic but it wont be so OP in game.
Where is Jack Cooper?
What wraith did to caustic gave me launch vibes
Octane running scene was sick . Horizon using peace keeper confirms it’s coming back ?
アイアンマンみたいな登場で草w
pathfinder always in de mood
Another trailer where Octane gets annihilated...
Too excited for this.
Broooo all this titanfall lore being added to apex makes me want to try to get back into the game lol
That bow is gonna be sick
ASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AYY YOO IM TOO HYPED
めちゃめちゃすげぇやんけ...超楽しみ！
Ooo yea
PEACEKEEPER JSSSSSHHH
Phara is kinda looking different
Valkarie whats next black beard cavaria
We just going to ignore how she stole her fathers line and fuse’s
After 2 years, Wattson is finally given dialogue in the trailer.
Poor Caustic, they killed him in season 8, and now they take away his brain
Waaay better than the Warzone trailer
People who only play titanfall seeing the abilities :👁👄👁
Might come back to Apex when arena launches  Then realize the servers are still broken then leave again
Lets go bois
Animators: So, how animated you want the trailer to be?  Respawn: *YES*
Why’d you do by boy Octane like that?
Is that ash form tf2
The Wattson and Horizon team-up was so cute.
Everybody get up it's time to Jam now  We got a real jam going down  WECLOME TO THE SPACE JAM!
Sooooo when are titan fall things coming to the game again?
This looks likes it will be the best one yet
New legend now?
Horizon hot what she diserved
Was that a Starcraft quote?
I just got my Main account on ps4 permanently banned and i had a lvl 300 day 1 account for Apex rip. starting over on xbox today
Wait 2 new legends?
i really love how every launch trailer the animations are much MUCH smoother
did octane walljump?????
Nice 1:45
Phara?
The way Octane died is so relatable 😭
This is the best trailer they have released yet, agreed?
Another flying character.. just great
YO ITS ASH FROM TITAN FALL
From 1.02 is it a subtle hint that there will be wattson fence on off feature? Or am I just thinking too much
it's always the new charter fighting the old new one
New seasons gonna be insane
I’m sharing this with my friend
Ok so this was a bit to much to be honest still good but very overwelming we will just say its too much
Did y’all see that fuse buff!!! YES!! 😳😳
So Hanzo and Pharah had a child? Cool...
hopefully some new mechanics,map and this game might be resurrected
They should've added the northstar missile launching sounds ffs would've make her look way more badass
Never been more hyped !!!
most beautiful triler by so far
Nice shot bow
Pinshe Pathfinder qlero como se atrevio a ponerle un dedo a mami qloba xD
DATS VIPER FROM TITANFALL 2
Smashing the trailers!
Keyboard and mouse for ps5?
Gibraltar laughs while he shoots someone like EVERY SINGLE TIME, he’s definitely got some issue…
I mean if we get those maps I will be so happy
Have we seen the legends actually hurt each other like this before ? Like wraith shooting caustic lol or rev stabbing and throwing wraith off the edge . I don’t remember before but I thought they always did stuff like how octanes got finished
PEACE KEEPER
LETS GO AMIGOS
Mirage has a different vibe😂
Hope she has a skin with a helmet on.
Pathfinder almost sounds like Claptrap in this trailer
I love wraith
I'm still confused as to why Valkyrie want's to join the Apex games...
Octane wall runs Valkyrie wearing Viper's pilot helmet Ash will soon be in the game JUST GIVE US TITANFALL 3 ALREADY!!!
Valkyrie got you in the pipe, five by five
The. Best. Trailer. EVER. Thank you, Respawn, 2 years and I still love it
It ash ooooooh poggers
OW
新角色「王希銘」
Am I the only one who's excited to see Crypto's rework cuz what we've seen here may teaser it?
Que hermosa animación estoy muy emocionado   :)
We getting worlds edge back?
Pk on the ground?
Is that made on Blender?
Five by Five.
Ashes next legends
I hate BR games but I've always found this one awesome even though I don't play it.
Ok so can lobas do that pls
New legend concept: Canes child, he has scorches ability's
Is that ASH?!
Did anyone notice that it's only 'Legacy', there's not even a 'season 9' next to it, I'm confused :()
Viper's got you in the pipe five by five, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide
Apex mobile ?
Ok wth this was beyond amazing
Imagine disliking the vid🤡
1:05 lazy animation
There’s just something so satisfying watching Octane run.
Valkyrie seems a little cringe. Hopefully every voice line isn’t like that. Otherwise she looks broken af do business as usual. HYPE THO
คือมึงจะบินแทนเดิน?
Ngl this trailer was p hype the entire way through
Loba jump drive worked whatttttt??????/
Titanfall players be like: *Ash is that you?*
I want a classic story driven apex legends
View botted coz I know half a million people don’t play apex anymore. Games dead.
You hear that ringing in your ears son?
Can we point out how hard octane tried to survive
Claim your: "I actually know who that robot lady is because I played Titanfall" card here
Im on my toilet
Wait I saw octane wall run is that coming?
Back to shipping mirage and wraith together
So compound bow is on?
This is heat 🔥🔥
I found octane absolutely breaking ankles amazing
Basically what happens to Octane in solo lobbies
After stressful day trying to enjoy the game but getting recked by TTV wraith with 30000 kills. Still the best!
First is a legend that can grapple up to high places in an animation, next is a legend than can jump pad up to high places while shooting inaccurately, -next is a legend that can climb much higher up to scale buildings,- next is a legend that can grav lift up in the air to float while accurately shooting and strafing, and finally now we apparently get a legend that is just always flying in the air that can shoot or fire rockets lol
Octane mains
Ok maybe its just me, but the legends faces look WEIRD. As if the animation style and design is different. I couldn't help but notice they look different compared to previous trailers.
If only the actual game looked like this
I wait for android Game for  Apex Legend ✌🏼✌🏼✌🏼
i have a good feeling about this
ホライゾン弱体化いれるのに、また立体機動キャラ追加すんのかよw
Valkries Weakness: Crypto (disable her)  Rampart (shoot her off the sky)
is cool
Valkarie better not be that OP. If she is able to fly they gotta add more people that can fly or something like that
Mirage not dead woooooooooow
She got a new hat and they're putting in a bow? Whaaaa?
Mirage x Wraith x Path waahhh i love em still together!!
So basically Valkyrie is like Iron Man mode
This season will be EPIC!
Best season trailer ever! I’m so excited!
All I am saying is that if Respawn ever made an animated series I bet it would be amazing
Apex just need to make a TV series that would honestly be amazing
Please, keep shoveling this content into my brain.
Ахахах легенды=новые предаторы? хаахахах
So artillery is the new 3v3 area  hmm sure
Can't wait for arena. TIred of battle royales, I only keep playing Apex because of its gunplay and movement.
Wow
The fact that Path dropped kicked Loba🤣
Apex like: “ hey overwatch you know your character pharah? Well be taking her”
When is this being optimized for series x?
Imagine next update will be The Pilot
Jeez that was good
I feel like I just watched a whole movie in 3 minutes
Are we gonna talk about how valkyria is pharah
new legend look OP, maybe ill get my 4k badge now...
nooo return the old drawing: ((   Нее Верите старую графику
Bloodhound : i already in heaven
i'm  the sky
pogggg
Anyone else realize that when Pathfinder said "I love whoever came up with this new game" he was unknowingly talking about Ash, his ex-girlfriend
AWESOME
"You can have the ground, I own the sky."  -Pilot
ランパート毎回連射してね？‪w
Wait is it crypto buff!!!!!
FULL AUTO G7 LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Valkyrie looks like another annoying egotistical character. We need more fun ones like path.
PLEASE PLEASE BUFF PATHY IM BEGGING U
Is that bow new weapon or what
BEST TRAILER EVER
f u karen cant wait to play her tbh
ASH IS ALIVE!!! WHAT?!?!
This is probably one of the best trailers so far, love it     And Bloodhound didn't die immediately :D
Alex is going down as one of the best battle royale in gaming history
Cant waiiiit
Is that ash from titanfall????
This looks 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥   And if the servers and packet shapers etc arent upgraded they're turn into 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Press F for Caustic
Horizon shooting octane with a pk, leaked info about pk coming back and triple take going in the CP, I am happy cause I can test my 2 skina I got for thebpk
Wait Loba teleport works?
1:47 Wraith staring at Loba, quickly looking at the camera, then back at Loba ;) Respawn you sly dogs
They always doing Bloodhound wrong in these trailers, this is like his 4th or 5th time getting downed or dying in one
ill take 9 thank you very much
1:27 wraith picking on caustic since season 1 trailer lol
Never mind, I'm Nut Boyz
Anyone else feel like this was more of a release trailer, by that I mean this couldve been a trailer for the ENTIRE game.
The fuse and combat bow part was so good
I’m literally just gonna be quoting viper the entire time I play as Valkyrie
New mode is a respawn mode its in the name RESPAWN ENTERTAINMENT
Animation is truly beautiful love the action y’all could make an awesome looking movie and I’d watch it
OK.Octane got bullied by 3 people. And he did his best
Aiaaiai ta muito fodaaa MDS SURTANDO ESTOU
love that aliens reference
I already know im gonna main valkerie once schools out
wait the G7 shot 3 shots really fast like the hemlock. Is there going to be a new hop up? Instead of the double tap hop up is it going to be a  triple tap hop up
Let’s go!
kinda dum
Brutal
It's what we want
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE😍💥💥💥💥💥💥💥
👏👏👏👏👏
Idk I feel yet
So you’ll give us this but nothing on Titanfall 3, c’mon you’re killing me here. All we want is another Titanfall.
Path: "I love whoever came up with this new game!"  Indeed, his girlfriend came up with it.
1:43 is the best part
You may be unable to outrun the Octrain, but even he can't outrun the current ⚡
日本人がこのコメを見つけることはないだらう
People who dislike APEX are Fortnite kids
I love how mirage is doing non sense in a fight .
So... Since they keep pumping apex stuff, I guess we'll not see a good game, like... I dunno, Titanfall 3 any time soon :(
I don't care about season9. Just catch hacker
ASH
there better be 2 legends: ash and val
Kinda reminds me of Pharah from OW
Beautiful.
" justice rain from above ... " oops wrong games , cool trailer btw OwO
To the respawn team thank you so much for making Valkyrie use vipers old lines
Mirage didn’t die :0
Love the new map look👑
Oh yessss baby season 9 almost here
0:54 wall running in the arena???????
So it's Pharah.  Cool.
Kustik be like: IM cool! but, actually no...
I just love Horizon. She's the bae ❤️❤️❤️
Viper? But a guurl...
That was sickkk 🔥🔥 LFG 🙌🏻 APEX LEGENDS 🤘🏻
Great here come the jet packs, always went over and worked great in other shooter titles.
Se viene algo grande
When Valkyrie says she controls the sky they should've had horizon pop up
1:12 que!? D":
No no no why she's all ways alive
Skies belong to me pilot. Nowere to run nowhere to hide
Can I have an indian server 😂
Imma be a pred ✅
Fix ur game before u add new content that break it even more
やばいよやばいよ！
And let see how many bugs we have to go true this season :D :D :D
why do vipers quotes sound so cheesy when valk says them
Premiered 69 minutes ago...     Noice
Este ya es mi trailer favorito
Been waiting for this 😈
Even In the trailer loba gets clapped on
Well, and the titans?
So much for no more beefed up legends. Drop Valk.
MOMMY ASH!!!
Justice rains from above
Ооодааа будет жарко
I love how no ones talking about the fact that WRAITH was using a wingman and an R99 quincedence I think not
YOOOOOO, VIPER'S HELMET AND A PERSON WITH FLYING OMGGH
Finnaly someone who can rival the drone + turret combo
It's funny how Ash is the one running the Arenas and Pathfinder just happened to say "I love whoever came up with this new game!" Yes Pathy, yes you do
Lifeline new rev at 0:23?
sick trailer:)
me encanto ese trailer!!!!
I wander if ash will be playable this season unless she’s just the host for arena mode
0:20 auto g7 scout goes brrrrrrrr
am i the only one who doesnt care about trailers like this?  just show the new legends loadout of abilities, the new gun stats, the new game mode.. you know...the game
Did that g7 go automatic?
Please can you use this for watson? What happens in the video is watsons shields isn’t visible until walked into! This would be amazing for watson
Ok. I’m in again.
Wow wow
2:17 top right is the game prediction algorithm from the Crypto story from the outlands!
Ash?
This trailer. Is very Pog
Que buena animaciooooon♥️♥️♥️♥️
WHY DOES GIBBY NEVER USE HIS SHIELD!?
I'm scared of the new legend she can fly
момент 1:44 топ, если вы понимаете о чем я.
Is that worlds edge ? Or a new map
Notice wraith saved mirage the same way he saved her❤️
The animation on this is totally mind blowing
So loba doesnt have to slow down after she teleports? Is this the buff?
Anyone else noticed the peacekeeper doesn’t have a scope and is an awful lot on the trailer Edit: also 0:40 is probably her finisher
Valk's ult seems to be same as pharah's ult from Overwatch
Apex fans not even talking about queen Ash... smh
The ult looks like Phara´s from Overwatch!!! :O
Wraith is running wingman r99 lol.
このコメ欄日本人いないの??笑笑
@DIEGOSAURS, is that you?
0:35 JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE
Mirage finally didn't die
Viper's helmet O.o
Crypto funado
This is dope and all but i just died to an invisible crypto. All i saw was a floating wingman 🥲🥲
So instead of repairing north star this chick just makes a jet pack out of it
احسن سيزون نزل 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🔥❤️🔥❤️🔥❤️🔥❤️🔥❤️❤️🔥❤️❤️❤️❤️🔥❤️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥👋👋👋🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
she looks like a karen with that karen tbh.
Buena animación
Us: "Respawn can we have Northstar" Respawn: "We have Northstar at home" Northstar at home:
Viper's daughter: *"Ha ha..!!"* Ash: "Welcome to the Legacy of the Apex Predators."  Cooper: "Look fun. I'm in."  Ash: _digital PTSD flashback intensify_
hey, that’s not viper 😠
They gave everyone except Viper good one lines
Mirage was the best part
The previous animations were cool, but the face movement and face expressions are weird and hilarious in this one. 😕
So we not gonna talk about octane insane get away skills
Let’s gooooo
Sheeeeeshhh
Y’all see how crypto smacked horizon
Wattson:*Kills octane* Me:Welp now is a dead ship...
Excited
Fortnite players: ThEy CoPiEd FoRtNiTe By AdDiNg BoWs
AYO THE ANIMATION IS IMMACULATE
Arena better slap hard!!!
Please let us bring our Xbox accounts to our steam accounts 😫
SHE SAİD THE LİNES SHE SAİD THE VİPER THİNGS AAAAAAAA
I hate her solely because of her father, I hated the north star TF2 Fight
We officially have an apex phara.
Sooooo Pharah from Overwatch? lol
I loved the reference to the og launch tralier of the wraith part
Requirement
Legends ? Have you been a PILOT? PILOTS SQUAD UP
Not really looking forward to a flying legend, but everything else looks sick.
wow. . . . a knockdown shield actually PROTECTING Bloodhound?   inconceivable . . .
Amazing im always hype for the new seasons
"Justice rains from above"    -Pharah
WOW
"It is time to return a legend" shows fuse* You can have him!
Where’s the nessy guys
Hope it's not gonna be dead half way through the session like all the others
Let's Go !
Valkrey looks insanely OP rip path, horizon and wraith
Meh still no grenadier weapons. :P
どんどんタイタンの使う武装や、タイタンイメージしたレジェンド増えて来てる？
Best apex trailer yet
holy smokes. i have to grind my battlepass this weekend :D
She looks like she is going to be so annoying
ждали титанов а получили человека в виде нордстара
Purple and black are my favorite colors and I get them all season
The animation style is so pretty
VERY COOL
Still not playing till worlds edge is added back
God this trailer is so good, I can’t wait
This is good
dude she wears vipers helmet? that's dope.
2:34 That's something viper says in titanfall 2.
Man! Apex legends just keeps getting better and better! Keep it up respawn much love ❤️
1:48 poor loba
Some of the best trailers are made by them❤️
this is the worst season
Welp. Aka Akasaka will be VERY busy in upcoming days. How will Kaguya-sama Love is War progress after this?
plz fix bugs
Would love for a 30v30 TDM in apex.
this is why i love this game
Wait a minute..oml is that ASH?!
Is anyone just a little concerned about how balanced homing rockets will be
MAKE. A. SHOW.
Y'all saw the lifeline rework with the knockdown
They copied over watch with that character
Apex will always be legendary
Ayooo is that diegosaurs???
This is probably the first trailer to have everyone in it.
Hyped for it 🔥🤩
Anyone else noticed that the g7 was automatic at the beginning of the video
THEY ADDED FORTNITE BOWS TO APEX!!!
Опять Октэйн страдает
Going towards Titanfall...
pharah from overwatch confirmed???
Your Daddy didnt like my TONE either.
I LOVE  MIRAGE  💓 💗 💛 💖 ♥ 💙 💓 💗  😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
But... That's not kings Kanyon........... 💔
:)
I just love apex trailers!!
WHEN WILL APEX BRING WELCOME SYSTEM DOUS??! OR ALLOW TWO PEOPLE ON THE SAME SYSTEM TO PLAY?!? WILL THIS EVER HAPPEN??
Hello Pharah !!!
I hope we get to respawn after we die now. More kills!
I think this might be one of the best seasons yet!
Can't wait!
VALK: I OWN THE SKY GIBBY: YOUR DAD USE TO SAY THAT.......AND HE DIED!
I didn't know you can smash people with Crypto's drone
Best trailer I have seen
2:12 here we have another wraith main Getting bodied for leaving her squad behind and over pushing
Love these cinematic graphics, should defo make a tv show! Also can’t wait for the new season!
1:38 the way they animated Mirage dodging bullets is fabulous!
Bows????????????????
Please, don't add a bow to the game!!!
Vipers daughter yes
Dayum!! Cant wait!!
Announcer: "We're in the pipe! 5 by 5!" Me, an xcom 2 player: *squad wipe flashbacks*
I always get love hate robots vibes from they trailers 🔥🔥
mirage, wraith, and path are the best parts though
i think ive seen the go backward in time in another battle royal game recently...
Blisk: c'mon valk, say the line Valkyrie: **Sigh** "the skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide" Everybody: YAAAYYY!!!
Can’t wait 🤙🏼
Made me happy , made me smile!
New animation style...    Please give us an animated series.
Phara in Apex.... NEAT
thats me right there 2:04
So anybody gotta issue with all these females in a game that has 90% male fan base?
So the new legend is Pharah?
Finically a character that doesn’t look goofy and corny!!. Nice animations 🔥🔥
My boy caustic always gets no love in these animations 😭😭😭
that arow throws sound is just perfect
Mirage being mirage 😂
Man, just when I think I'm over this game, the new season trailer tries to pull me back in.
I didn t really liked her chracter tbh... She things shes special or something... Ugh... Not like viper...
I can’t stop replaying this part: 2:05
the skys belong to us now        yes i know its cheesy and im sorry
This is most definitely a huge comeback for respawn, I cannot wait to spend even more time and money on this game, I’m hyped for legacy 💜🤍
Mirage as usual always makes me laugh during combat
Next Season the G7 is getting a automatic feature nice
- We are in the pipe 5x5... - Game over man, GAME OVER!
Hovering Valkyrie with a bow!!!
Yes  _YES_  *VIPER’S LEGACY LIVESSSS*
Максим Бакай из Хабаровска я знаю что ты это смотришь (или смотрел) , в общем привет 😁😅👍
Sooo we have pharah in the game now 😔
Peacekeeper coming back? 😱
This is huuuuge. Looks like a purchasable dlc
Dude I'm so exited!!
0:44 is it just me or does she look like jett from valorant
Reminded why I’m a wattson simp
Is that a hint at the pk becoming ground loot again 😅
Slowly turning into tf3 and I love that can’t wait for the double jump legend
Best one yet
1:44 POV
at least mirage is not dead in this trailer.  press F.
Mirage cutscene of him singing reminds me of Deadpool lol
The animation is absolutely SICK
Ash looks weird with no hood lol. But epic comeback
A BOW!!!!!
0:20 ダブルタップ
I'm in the pipe, 5 x 5
looks like a game trailer,waiting for the bp trailer😊
instantly came to the comments to see mirages fate......
Fortnite goes primal  Apex goes primal 🤣🤣
The amount of people thats going to abuse her next season🤣
I must be the only persona in the world who is getting tired of Valk only being Viper fanservice
Who else wants an Apex Legends movie/cartoon series?
The nostalgia is kicking in
Was that a bow???
Where is my titan !? I wan’t Ronin in apex 😭
R.I.P. Caustic Gets a nerf and not a Single cool moment here
I love mirage lol😂😂
Lol why YouTube censor my password *******
*Flight core online*
VIPER'S GOT YOU IN THE PIPE FIVE BY FIVE
This is the way I feel the game is moving while I'm playing. Except with a tad profanity.❤
Valkyrie: (Ult is flight core with projectiles) Wattson: (laughs in interception pylon)
Silly Loba, your teleport wouldn't work correctly and a RE45 point blank can't down a legend. Also was mirage on his party ship? Is it coming back?????
man oh man this was def' the best apex trailer ever holy jesus i loved it
This  launch trailer is amazing, the best iv ever seen so far. From a huge and addict Apex Legends gamer.
just give us an apex tv show
Soooo hype!!!
We need an ANIME !!!
Why is Octane bullied. Now he is getting a nerf to
at 0:52 horizon is using the peacekeeper with iron sights, when the r99 became ground loot again in s7 you could see revenant using the r99 with ironsights in the cinematic trailer  conclusion: peacekeeper is likely ground loot again in Legacy
I just realized that they may have buffed Watson! Maybe you can’t pass through her fences now like octane!
Pharah?
New art style
Respawn 👀 y’all know I want a superhero skin for octane, pls this trailer had him looking like kid flash
Let it snow let it snow let it snow
I CONNOT WAIT LETS GOOOO
Tell them Valkyrie sent you
Boring
Insane.
Wow! Amazing graphics in this trailer.
0:28 is that FN Scar ?
I just wish she would have Japanese quips tho, like "Sayonara" or something like that
ça troue l'cul !!!
Nerf Valk pls
Never feels so hype since trailer season 3 until I saw this
See yall on the field’s!!
Just make the movie already apex
"I love whoever make this new game" me and you path me and you
0:33 JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE
E P I C
Poor caustic, they nerf and now not in teaser anymore. Just there to get humliated by wraith
With the fortune of Viper, she can easily afford a whole titan. But she just savage some parts to make a jetpack?
So Valkyrie is gona be another legend like horizon but with a lil bit of fuse mixed in! This trailer is hype and i can’t wait for the legacy to start!
That's cool and all, but when are we getting Titanfall 3?
Молодцы
i thought there was going to be titan's not this jetpack joe rider stuff
Me encanta el diseño de la nueva leyenda.
*intense hatred for viper intensifies*
0:34 This is literally Pharah from Overwatch.
I'm excited but, where tf is Bloodhound?🙂
pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe valk pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe
no sign of bloodhound , at least he didn’t die this time
オクタンマジカッコヨ
0:35 kisa???? Lol
Just waiting for Valkyrie to say "need to be faster than that, speed is life"
Pog
That mirage scene was perfect
BOW AND ARROW????
Is that a Fuse buff I see
yey, you guys legacy
Valkyrie is literally Pharah from overwatch nice rip off
Sorry Apex in not funny
not sure about the bow thing...
This has the Launch Trailer vibe way back in 2019. I like it I have a question tho, how is Ash alive after i crushed her simulacrum body in my 1 million pound Titan's hand?
I already hate here character
Jesus what happend to Wraith she look so tired XD 1:41 look at her eyes.
All of this is speculation, but here we go: 00:11 Valk legendary skin? Or it might be her default model in-game, outside of the character selection 00:16 Fuse tactical buff? 00:22 Lifeline's tactical rework? 00:34 she's already my new main 00:43 sick finisher 00:51 PK back into ground loot?? 01:04 Wattson's buff? 01:28 please be it a hint at a Wraith buff! 01:38 lvl 100 BP L-Star? 01:43 Loba's bracelet is finally going to work? 01:50 Path simping fo Ash 02:00 Crypto rework? 02:12 Wraith getting nerfed mid season again? 02:25 Bow/Wingman loadout incomming 02:34 she is def my new main  There's probably a ton more stuff in here. Hyped for the Arenas reveal!
De lejos el mejor trailer que han hecho
SHE 😩😩😩😩
At 20 ish seconds, yall see how fast she shot that g7?
I wonder how valkery would react to the man that killed her father
Yooooo hi ash, and hello tdm?
now they finally doing titanfall stuff, suit is a northstar and the woman in the end was a titanfall 2 boss
I see we now have female Viper
And where's titanfall 3?
if only Wattson's fences were stretchy like that XD
So Loba's animation fixed and you can use your Knockdown shield while getting revived by Lifelines drone?
I'll be waiting
0:35 is that you Pharah?
i would like the arena women to be a Legend too
My eyes: cool a bow legend  My brain: _BLACK OPS 3 BLACK OPS 3 BLACK OPS 3 BLACK OPS 3 BLACK OPS 3_
It started in Arena, it ends in Arenas.
the animation on this was phenomenal!
OCTANE THE GOAT
They should have played “Flight of the Valkyries” for the song
Oh snap ASH!
コスおじ...
It seems as though the Peacekeeper may be coming out of the box? Maybe the bow will start in the box like the L-Star...especially, if it is as powerful as the Kraber.
I don't even play apex im literally here for the funny viper line
Is that world’s edge
Isn’t  the robot at the end Ash from Zitanfall 2?
Love how casual they are about the whole killing thing.
Ash !!!!
Pariah look fireeeeeee
iron man in apex OMEGALUL
Ash likes the new controls of her "arena"
DOUBLE TAP G7 !!!!
This might be the best reveal I’ve ever seen
ラストの背景が和柄なの感動
Looks like worlds edge cuz when wraith falls it's in like a cold lava pit and other things
If the game movement was that of how octane was running. The game would take a whole new turn lol
Get hyped up
FLOOR PEACEKEEPER!
Did anyone see there’s the peacekeeper is coming back there’s wall running watsons buff
Anyone else catch one of the mirage clones  doing snow angels before fuse hit him with the mother lode. I don’t know if ball four were mirage clones but one falls over with his arms out into the snow before the fire lands.
Can we get a F for octane cause so much trailers he gets killed
this season gon’ be fireeeeeeeee
Why my girl bangalore never gets any cool scenes or quip in any trailer?😢
Valkerys kit Passive: able to glide by double jumping Tactical: hover into the air for a little while Ultimate: hovers and fires a barrage of missiles
As they ruin my lifeline :(
If Valk gets to fly constantly I'm not even going to try with this season. It's gonna be Advanced Warfare all over again
Is peacekeeper coming back? 0:51
The action is coming
Anyone else super hyped for the arena game mode
Goodbye Season 9, Hello Season Legacy.
For those who want to play on ps4!  add me: Lord_wolski
They really made a human version of the Northstar Titan
Ok this trailer makes up for the last one. Absolute FIRE
Peacekeeper back
First time I’m about to buy a bundle for that titanfall drip
Guys, they added pharah into the game
ROCKET BARAGE INCOMING
@respawn @apexlegends Make a full animated movie!
Probably the best trailer they have made that was amazing
POPOPOPOPOPPOPOPOPOPOPOPOP  LA HYYYYYYPEEEEEEEEEEEE
That’s cool
APEX MOBILE PLS :C
Apex is best,❤️
Pathfinder: "I love whoever came up with this game"   Considering he considers Ash his girlfriend, that's awfully on point
How is octane faster.
It’s good to hear valk using some of vipers voice lines
Turrrrrrret
caustic dead confirmed
Awesome shout out to Mad Max with the "Remember Me" line before destroying someone.
Me seeing a bow : 😧  My inner sova: I AM THE HUNTER!!!! ( valorant players knows )
2 new champs???????? holy yes!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is peace keeper coming back 😳😳😳😳
1:49 Loba after using her tactical in a nutshell
If killing ash didn't work the first time I will do it again
Sheesh
Pause at 1:49
Octane running away from a fight, mirage being carried and cyrpto's drone is unhittable... just another day in Apex Legends :p
I guess I gotta redownload, for I can’t miss a opportunity to disrespect peps with a bow
OMFG ITS ASH
Watch me noooooooooow!  Oh, hey.   How's it goin'?
What if Mad Maggie comes as a legend in some season?
wait are they dropping valk and ash??????   that would most def slap if they do!.
JADOREEEE !
Poor caustic
I like how wraith killed caustic again. 2/2
I can already hear Mirage just complaining about how she can fly
Pharah
O god Farrah is in apex
Aaaahhh me vengo!!
Can she please keep the helmet, it looks so much better
this gave me chills
So we gotta a kid viper,MEDIC and my boi bloodhound
Give us the anime NOW or at least a Netflix series
0:35 “Justice rains from above”
That accuracy on Sheila is quite accurate.
Asian servers are still threatened by Chinese cheaters
You can't escape horizon bro😔
according to wraith that happens on a regular basis
Yooo!! This vid is crazy epic. Really fkn excited for this season. Nice work!
Isnt the new legend just pharah, with a flying suit, that has small rockets that come out like a "barrage"
0:22 if the lifeline revive shield nerfs are true then it looks like she can still revive but you but you have to use your own knockdown shield
2:13 that would never happen Because WRAITH main leaves the game before getting knocked😂
ぶさいく
Poor octane
Best trailer so far... loved octanes movements
what is up with wattson murdering octane
When you have a 21 9 monitor ,you really enjoy this trailers
1:08 i can see the fanfics now
1:30  wraith is cool
so the g7 in the video is fullauto
First time I’ve seen Fuzes cluster knuckle do something other than break doors
Is double tap coming back because banglore used g7 scout , while shooting bloodhound knock down shield
Trailer is sick 🔥
Crypto mains anyone?
This trailers never disappoint.
YEAAAAA
The Titan but whit low hp, they legend
I love 1:23 because it continues from s0 trailer
The new legend is gonna be my main
This is by far the best launch trailer since the one we got in season 3. I think it is even better than the season 3 one.
THIS SEASON IS GONNA BE THE BEST THUS FAR
Cool Awesome
VER...G@!
качественно
New map/area Ash New legend New weapon Fixed servers?  Edit: not quite....
Best trailer ever CRYPTO WAS THE KILLER AND DIDNT DIE
looks like Ash got a makeover.
"Go beyond battle royal"...yes please bring deathmatch with Titanfall 2 gameplay plz
pharah
false trailer Lobas tp is working
*JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE*
Erika Ishii!!!! She’s a queen!!
カッコいい
Raze, is that you??
i mean ok but what is this
Conspiracy theory :      Crypto's heirloom will be his drone
New map?
boe
This trailer has more fight than lore
Ik everyone is shooting but gibby got kicked in the face and jet packed after.... poor gibby
I wonder what new 200 dollar cosmetic they are gonna sell now
I will probably see all ya in the legacy
Unrealistic; There's sound when Horizon lands in front of Octane, and Lobas bracelet worked.  None of those things are present in the game.
Go beyond battle royale? You mean like...just normal team deathmatch?
Look at how fast bangalore tap that scout
Valk said the thing boisss   Now we wait for them to give her the flight core sfx
Please dont nerf octane man i just tried him before nerf after i mained wraith since season 1 and octane is crazy fun and perfect state please dont nerf it just make distance between totem and jumppad pleaseeeeee
And once again, Octane is getting dunked on.
Ash is still ALIVE BRUHHHHHHHH
Клас
Justice rain from above!!!
We thought Horizon was annoying
Let's goo
Y’all need to make a Tv show
“JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE “
Feels like an invitation... I'm no good but I wanna join.
so what deathmatch? teamdeathmatch? kingofthehill? =arenas??
Wattson rework confirmed?
I want a full Apex movie. These graphics are unreal.
楽しみ.ᐟ.ᐟ(*´˘`*)
Anyone seen Bangalore?
I almost walked into a wall watching this!
BOW?
Best trailer ever, all characters have clearly appeared in screen , a lot of lore and all coming up with new season, GOOD JOB!!
Holy. S--T.
APEX anime time.....can't wait for the season trailer !
Poor octane man come on
i love the hype in it
It's realistic because Horizon drops down next to Octane with no noise or footsteps.
Worlds edge after dark? Blending all 3 maps? Idk what I'm waiting for but so much anticipation
W trailer
Me dropping Wraith to pick up Revenant back in Season 7 like 2:13
Just just give us Titanfall 4
Se acabó la competencia oficialmente Apex es el Predator de los juegos
Apex Ceo: Any ideas for a New legend  That one dude: Make a legend mixed  phara and hanzo from overwatch Apex Ceo: Thats a great idea
WATTSON!!!!
So they teased us a pilot and didn't give her a titan? Bye-bye the only reason to play
ostias.
Leave a heart for Mirage, Wraith and Pathfinder mains.❤️
Yep, we definitely need another story game from Respawn
Prepare to GET HYPED for the new season. SEASON 10: LEGACY
Wheres bloodhound😭😭
That's cool and all but where is GATES😡😡😡
Yoooo this trailer hypes me up sooo much!!!
Looks like 2 arenas to start with. The snowy mountain and the nighttime neon city. Looks cool! really excited for arena mode!
I love the relationship between Mirage and Wraith
Wow, animation got good all of a sudden
Best trailer so far
I hope that bow is the new weapon and Valkyrie is a support class so me and my pals will have full support team along with Lifeline and Loba 😄
How did octane go from olympus to kings canyon
I luv mirage 🖤
Cool
We all love that mirage singing moment in this video. Change my mind.
Everyone has teammates except for octane 😔
The only good thing that i loved about apex is the trailer
Хочу!!!
Nice 20 FPS cinematic.
Wow this is wholesome
This video is Northstar of the Crane approved.
The video is released
I was really hoping for some mech action in this season >:c
日本人では無いんだよなぁ。 悲しい
Octane running is all I needed, thank you
This is a good trailer!! HYPE
If i had a pc it would be cooking eggs by the time this was released
5 by 5 he said
OH MY GOSH THIS SEASON LOOKS AMAZING
Watson x Octane when is it Official (oh and is ash still mad that we made her a Pancake?)
God I love more Titanfall lore showing up in Apex
This trailer is 🔥🔥🔥
Overwatchに出てきそう
A trailer and Crypto isn’t bullied? That’s new.
Beautiful
1:03 poor octane
She wants to be Viper so bad it hurts my soul
2:15 bruh no need to scream wraith, cuz there is no fall damage
So no s9 slegacy LETS GOOOOOOO
0:40 a horribly missed opportunity to  have her say "You can have the ground, but he skies belong to me"
Finally its out
Me: is born    My dad: 0:53
Love the trailer but I just love everyone chemistry in the lore. All having fun
新キャラ 、ラスボス感すげぇなぁw
Man that guy on Twitter was right. We REALLY need to revert Ash to her original cold killer looking mask. Now she’s just another Revenant copy with the eyes and everything.
Let's go wattson!!!!! Buff incoming?
I main Ash Already
1:30 😂
stop with the american rap music does it does not fit apex at all
Better than Ubisoft trailers 😂
Acá de excitarme con todo lo que se viene.
Nooooooooo my wraaaaaith
apex
Please Upgrade the Servers! The Servers are Horrible bad since launch. The tickrate is to low. If you have packet lost you are dead in 1 frame or 1 bullet. With no chance. All because of the lowest tickrate in all MP Shooter Games. Please fix the servers!   I have to connect to Amsterdam sometimes and i live in east Germany! This is a bad Joke. Horrible. Worst Servers i seen in all my time playing mp games.
Did I see glitch 24/7
If it keeps this non-battle royale mode permanently, i may play it more as it stand rn, im not a big fan od battle royales
Wooooow
Let's go Precision Apex well see you season 9
Did pathfinders voice actor change? 1:51
Yoooooooo this is fire
oke?
楽しみすぎる
0:57 A little shoutout to the standing on Wattson’s trap then hopping off at the right time tactic. 🤣
2 new Legend in one video? Hehell this is awesome.
Mirage is a whole mood
as someone said before me : "i can't wait to die over and over again in this new mode"
That scene with Octane. As an Octane main I can confirm that's how it feels to play him.
who brings a bow and arrow in a gunfight??!!
Its lit
So ashe is coming 2?
Valkyrie just looks like respawns version of Pharah
Valkyrie looks powerful I hope It won't become a garbage like fuse😂
Compound bow? Let's see which br has the best bow mechanics SO EXCITED
Now that is what we want as a community good job guys
When are you going to put solos
Yeah yeah yeah but why is the prowler still a care package weapon
Sheeeeeeshhh
Pathfinder kicked loba so hard i low key felt that-
...so now we can fly
Octane still getting folded and mirange and wraith is still the best duo in the game. Some things dont change
I think Valkyrie’s abilities are gonna be used for movement. Imagine her ultimate being her able to hover in the air and just shoot rockets. That would be sick. I hope her tactical lets her move around the map more easily or push more efficiently like pathfinder and octane.
Still sad about the loss of lifelines shield
IF SHE CAN FLY I'M FCK DONE
Whoo baby I'm hyped for new "plot"
so where error ??!!
i feel like this gives us lore details as well,this can more or less explain why the legends never seem to truly die,it is because of this persons (2:00) somehow twisted game that takes place in a virtual world of sorts and we now know that in this new map this is where it all begins and likely has lore details as well.this is even more speculation but maybe these legends are already dead and are their consciences are being keep alive in a similar way that revenant is where we see his one true body or the head anyway in the loba event and is able to control many bodies that have been created by hammond, and we even see that they are capable of distorting how they see themselves as revenant once did. perhaps this takes place after the legacy of apex has already ended and this robot gets off on recreating those events.(im pretty sure this is a theory already just that this can maybe be used to confirm it idk)
a que se refieres con welcome to the arenas?.. nuevo modo de juego?
A  true Caustic would have popped his ult immediatly xD
うわぁぁぁぁぁあ！ カッコよすぎる！これキンキャニ雪仕様！？ 楽しみすぎる(*´`)
Ea hurry up and pick who were fighting in tf 3 please im feening for some pilot and titan action on new maps!
As always these cinematics are just pure HEAT
I LOVE HOW LOBA GOT ABSOLUTELY MURKED-
Didn’t know people stilled played this ngl, respect🙌
Okay is no one gonna say how the art style has changed and the characters have more life
Finally the peacekeeper is a ground weapon 🔫
Amogus
Dayam, I love how they included finishers in the trailer
Can’t believe y’all did my gurl loba like that she got impaled to the screen
LETS DO THIS
1:50 made me so happy
Loba she’s my God
Oh no did that hurt darling. 😭😭 why bullying Octane like that ffs.
Ohh that’s arenas
waw
This is great
2:06 This guy is so cool he can win in a gunfight with just a piece of iron.
this is epic
No one,  everyone wallet waiting....
COOL
Wraith killing Caustic and save Mirage just like the very first cinematic trailer
1:07 1:07  科学者ズのタッチがすげぇかわいい まるでママと娘みたいだねぇ、ニュート ＼ﾎﾟﾛﾘﾝ♪／
The skys are mine now legends.
So cool, I'm exciting for play this new season!
КРУТО
Best trailer so far
Wow
ASH BRO LETS GOO
but will this season actually make the game better? hmm
I guess my guess was wrong I thought rampart was gonna be on the team :(
Love Mirage! 🖤 He is the soul of this company!
Sheeeeeesh
so they added pharah?
I cannot stop watching this, help
When horizon was fighting crypto, crypto hit her with his drone. That could be his heirloom
Ash alive, cooper finnish the job dude
Wattson : You cannot outrun the current C'est la vie!  Me : Adorable
1:51 Is that Reaper but in Apex Legends? I haven't played this game but looks similar.
Why is this so fire
Dude are we finally moving away from battle royals??? Now I’m freaking pumped!
BY FAR THE BEST TRAILER I'VE EVER SEEN. PERIOD.
2:07 he just like me frfr
Sick! can we all just focus that her name is "Valkrae" xD
Dis they changed the art style?
Nice to see the OG Path, Wraith, and Mirage team again.
Nice  I lllllove ash
why can caustic & loba break glass in this trailer but the windows in Apex are literally stronger than titanium?
Yo ashe next season? Wha???
Wow
0:47 ni para matar a un octane solo sirves xD
I already love Valkyrie.
Epic
I LOVE THIS
2:34 only titanfall fans will remember
Bless mirage and his innocent heart❤
Y’all think a bow is beating the spitfire respawn
Season 9: *Lesgaycy*
crypto really gave horizon the good ol' chris brown
Ash what are you planning
めっちゃ楽しみ！！！！！
Nani 55 Minutes ago
.
POG
Wattson's fence just completely stopped Octane, wattson buff?
This trailer is so fire uhhhh
is it just me or is this animation much better then the other ones
クリプト……ドローンで殴るなよ
Titanfall 3 the season 9
I bet this new "arena" mode is just your regular team deathmatch in a small map
" I'm a Bird "
At least it wasn’t just the new legend! Nice to see everyone getting a spotlight
seriously.. this releases when my gcses start
please make a apex movie
see you guys
Did anyone else see Bangalore use a  automatic g7
I haven't been this excited since "The Hunt" Only my OG's know what I mean.
SSHEEEEEEESH that animation
Please don't tell me we're back to kings canyon again
No, viper owns the sky, not you. I don't care if your his daughter
BOW AND ARROWS?! Omfg YES! I love archery with a passion  🏹
Woo ya quiero jugar  Saludos desde México
im apex player
DID YALL SEE THAT ENDING? SHE SAID "Welcome to the legacy of the APEX PREDATORS." Does that mean that the arena can be only used by Apex Predators?
ヒューズの爆弾強化しないかなーー
PK is back people🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
1:43 please become a real loba voiceline
Is there a new map?! :o
2:31 Fuse's face looks a bit like freddy mercury
Loved watching almost every character getting bodied💀
Bring back worlds edge
She doesn't even look similar to the cinematic trailer.
This is one of the best trailers yet. up there with the launch trailer and season 3.
О теперь снайпер из тф2 доволен
I'll play the game all the time if BT and Cooper show up
My boy octane got fatalied by wattson
Why was Octanes animation so smooth. Jeez
“Death rains from above!!!!” *pig squeels* “wHeResss tHe ShIElD?!”
This is all a way for Ash to tell Pathy that she always watching awwwwwww how cute
Fuze ult actually causes global warming
very pog
Crypto heirloom!
Just give us titan fall 3 at this point
Peeeeece keeeeeepeerrr isss baaaaaackk
The small map that looks like worlds edge I'm guessing that that might be part of the arena because on the mini worlds edge there's a phase runner there so maybe there's multiple small maps and they travel around them using the phase runner
STOP KILLING OCTANE!
She can fly?!
0:20 ofc fully automatic g7 scout
Mirage, wraith and pathfinder are the ogs trio, i still remember seeing them finding the lootbox in the cinematic  Man we've come far
Sheesh chain for season 9
We got Pharah is Apex lessgo
This is the first time i've seen the knockdown shield in the game trailer so far. Can't wait to play in Season Legacy.
Why did they add a fucken pilot
Already annoyed by horizon's tact , Respawn introduces valk.  My reaction: 🙄"They can fly now"
Thankfully they haven't disabled the dislike button yet.  Yikes.
Nueva Leyenda...Nuevo Main😍
anime when ?
TF2のアッシュじゃね？！？！？！？！？
Me: * seeing someone who looks to be Ash at the end of the trailer * Also me: *Aw s### here we go again*
We dont need bows and new legends We need TITANS
1:50 I think the old voice is better
💪💪💪
Ya saquen una película culeros❤️❤️❤️❤️😳😈
That Robot better be Ash and on the End of the season there better be a Titanfall 3 trailer
2:14 Can somebody tell me where is the bloodstain and stab wound?
Lets go baby?
THEY NEED TO MAKE A SHOW THESE ANIMATIONS BE 🔥🔥🔥! Like so they can see 👀
Es es PRECIOSO T_T
so jet pack but no titan ?
Now make an animated series or something, Respawn
Anyone else see the g7 with auto fire instead of tapfire at :21
See y’all cuties in Legacy
developers, make one so that when taking off she would wear a helmet or when using a superpower, thank you for your attention
Pk floor loot 😏
ash still the impostor
2:46 is that ash in a new body or someone completely different?
Best trailer lunch after season 3 trailer
someone else reminds you of the telltale games aesthetic
最初やつファラやん
This trailer is more expensive then the movie Blair Witch lol
SOOO HYPE ARENAS
Noooooooooo octaneeee 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
The ground can belong to you, but I own the  s k i e s
Looks lime crypto finally going to get a heirloom as his drone
This season looks so fire
0:54 Secrer octane buff les goooooooooo
She has the high ground.
Plz BUFF WATTSON
New legend gonna be OP the first few weeks forsure
Anyone else think rampart is going to have an insane arena win rate or just me I can just see so many ramparts set up in corners lol
At this point make a movie
This better be the Dome from Titanfall 2. If not...
LET'S GOOOOOOOO
Apex u should go for movie or something man it will be amazing 🔥
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Would love a MINI series for all legends! So much that can be done with the game! Future of Apex Legends is really bright every season! 🤙 see you all in the Season (of) Legacy!
Ash is back boyz
when do you plan on launching apex legends mobile
Why can't this just be a series on Netflix SHEEEESH🔥
So no Titans? *throw Mozambique on the ground*
Can't wait . Better not disappoint
PHARAH ????
1:48 Jeez that’s brutal
0:33 Valkerie: *send rockets* My brains: *JUSTICE! RRRRRAAAAINNSSS FROM ABOVEEEE!!!"
"Launch trailer" *posted almost 2 weeks before it releases*
Loba's thickness was like an airbag. She barely felt the landing after pathfinder kicked her.
So Ashe is definitely an announcer this season which is cool. Valkyrie referenced Viper, and this trailer is the most emotion Wraith has ever shown lol. Just like the original trailer wraith puts out Caustic.
Basically Pharah
In my opinion this is one of their best trailers they pretty much show every legend interacting with one another
this is by far the best launch trailer weve ever gotten
Release date of apex legends mobile
0:08 dont get me wrong i love this trailer but pls titanfall 3 mabye?
My bet is that the coliseum mode from titanfall is coming back but with like apex packs
Pharah is that u?
Well this... This is something different
Make the sequel to Star Wars: jedi fallen order!
This game is better then gears of war
Is this Ash's arena game with Reapers once again?
YESSSS I LOVE The line that hits back to Viper
コーちゃんまた殺されてるやん...
Fix the creater first
😏
HYPE!!!
Wait but I killed ash and viper-
Best trailer yet
Bow
Bow confirmed? And it looks like World's Edge is coming back, with changes I'm sure. Each season better than the last. Can't wait. 🔥🔥🔥
Horizon shooting the drone is me when I miss every single shot on it
I fall in love with that trailer🔥💙
Wait, is that robo-women in the end of trailer is one of the bosses from Titanfall 2? Or i'm wrong?
that character is way too op to be in existence
Man, I already miss the choppy animation style from the previous trailers. But still excited to play the new game mode and legend.
If that’s how Wattson s fences really worked ...🌚
I love seeing Wraith, Path and Mirage together again. It just feels right.
YO?!
I'll return to apex if they add wallrun. I'll stay if they give us titans.
🔥🔥🔥🔥
This is the best trailer ever super cool 😎
Peacekeeper floorloot?
ヴァルキリービジュ良くね！
hey apeexxx that was fuxking sickkkk
Looks like I got to take Monday off! LET'S GO BABY
What the HECK happened to Pathfinder's voice he sounds like a microwave
это  просто  офигенно
She said it! She said the thing!
why did they have to do that to caustic
Pog
the funniest thing ever is what fuse's name is in that match  . pause on this time and look at his ID     2:18
I wonder if ash is coming next season🤔
Oh boy we are getting valkyrie lore and more ash lore soon I'm excited
I've seen her flying around in Dubai.
Titanfall
Makes it so much more fun knowing that Mirages voice actor is sooo much like his character in real life. I remember watching a stream with him, Pathy, and Crypto where he just pretended for 5 minutes that he was a boomer who forgot to mute his microphone as he stumbles around his house making weird noises.
Full auto g-7?!?!?
Prepare for Titanfall
Did we just witness a buff to Watsons fences?
First Zarya now pharah? Wow.
Men bad women good
Valkyrie is really trying to be her dad
why does the animation looks so bad every once and a while, like here 2:30 (pause right there)
That’s actually sick
Wait what is the 26's month?
I wish they'd fix the lag in normal servers though :/
Fav trailer by far
Remember when crypto back slap to Miss Frizzle
These new trailers are getting ridiculously good
Valk's ult JUSTICE REIGNS FROM ABOVE feel like some overwatch is crossing over to apex rather than titanfall
Why is caustic getting muffed up in every trailer put some respect on my boys name.
QUE JOGO FODA PARA CARALHOOOOOOOOOO ,POR ISSO AMO ESSE GAME ,TRAILER PERFEITO TUDO PERFEITO MEU DEUS ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
WOW THAT WAS AWESOME- Octane... lol  Apex is revealing the gameplay trailer on my Birthday.... 🙃 so excited.
i love anything but where is my titan!!!!!
Peacekeeper is back?
🎶El Sountrack: watch me now - tommee profitt  🤩 10 de 10 !
I wouldn’t mind a movie. This is hot.
I loved when Valk said "I own the skies"! Like father like daughter I guess.
So hyped for this
Atleast apex knows what it’s doing with the storyline unlike fortnite
Titanfall fans where we at?
スーパーバルファルク
One question... HOW IS ASH STILL ALIVE!!!!!
I just love this game so much❤❤❤
CAN WE GET AN ANIMATED SHOW ALREADY!!!
ASH!!
Yet another heavy update to ruin my already ruined fps and graphics.......I wish they could Focus more on user experience than flexing new maps and skins :/
Wraith got so tired she got addict
SHE IS VIPER BUT IS A GIRL FROM TITANFALL2!!!!!
DOWNLOADING....
Looks like Mirage is hitting the bottle a little too much. Yikes
That got my heart pumping lol
these cinematics are truly amazing, props to the team
Is that new map really maps from TF1? Looks like it in that city and such. Looks like that coastal city. Probably not.
Wraith killing Caustic in such way is clearly a self-irony made by Respawn about his nerf.
Wait is that a "New Arena?"😲
Well, Overwatch has no content, but this does.
That pathfinder swinging kick to loba was so satisfying 😂
Mirage should get a lot of content guys .. this legend has a lot of potential    TEAM MIRAGE <3
This was incredible! Major season 3 vibes (my favorite trailer so far and this might be even better)
Lol i want a video of mirage on hold
First of all, is that a new map, second of all, peacekeeper becak on ground loot and third of all mirage voyage back?
The best cinematic until new
What's happened with graphics? Maybe its related with shaders but anyway it looks muck worse than before
What happened to the animation style? This looks super cheap compared to the previous animation style
Valk rude asf she broke two glasse of people drinks
Is that a buff on Loba bracelet animation...?
Select fire is back!!!
次のシーズン楽しみにしてます
it gets better every season
beock bowwww
We have fuse and Valkyrie... what next Jager😂 all in good fun❤️ looks grate!
Claim your here before 1 million views here
THIS IS THE SURPRISE????????  SURPRISE FOR THE TITANFALL FANS????????????
Best season yet! ASH as Commentator! Map has been reworked! Looks like Mirage Voyage is back. Fuse got a buff??? See his ring of fire is much higher than normal. And of course the Bow, new weapon! And Valkyrie new legend! Who can hover and shoot missiles lol. And Arena! New Mode, pumped for, Lot of content! And then the trailer has much better and smoother animations. 10/10!
We come along way apex from one heirloom to lots to no season to 8 wow
Ash is back
pathfinder better have a special voice line this season about how ash used to be his girlfriend.
Octane but with movement
Yea I'm maining valkyrie as soon as I cop her see u all in the games good luck (not being cocky)😁😁
1:43 is loba getting an heirloom?
Apex has the best trailers by far.
1:00 is that just the trailer or a new feature? Titanfall baby!
Mirage with the drip, Valkyrie with the shine, Apex at it's best! Watch this now 1:15 !
Cant wait for APEX go to mobile too 🥰
Respond why do u have to do my man octane like that
LITTTTTT 🔥
Mfs put Pharah in Apex thinking we wouldn't notice
Whoops! Sry wrong game. I thought this was apex legend and not overwatch my bad
The best thing that could be added into the game in my opinion would be an octane finisher where with his heirloom he injects stim to the guy and overdoses him because the other finisher isn’t THAT good and I honestly prefer the original.
2:13 is the best thing about this whole trailer
If there's gonna be a bow in this game I'm definitely killing a lot of people with it
This trailer legit made me go back to Titanfall 2.  Platinumed the game a while back, can't wait to return!
Well people ASH is back
*P I P E*
Verga si se ve chido
Ohh yea my fav legends killed toxic people
GEILOMATIKO
0:22 lifeline reviving with downed using knockdown shield  0:59 octane wall jumps?? Idk i think it might just be referencing the fact hes hella fast so can wall jump  1:03 wattsons fence pulls him back maybe hinting at another buff  1:20 ofc mirage voyage is back in Olympus plus the map change and theres a cute Easter egg of wraith killing caustic and saving mirage just like the season 0 trailer
*Wattson puts fences to stop octane*  Octane: “and I took that personally”
Wattson survives.wooooo
See you all in the ring, Legends.
Ash ash ash ash,!
やっぱりファラじゃないか！！
ps5 apex hayo
Anyone else see lifeline knock shield res at 0:23
This looks amazing, im so excited to play Valk when she comes out. Thank you respawn
Bello bravi
Best trailer so far
CAN'T WHAT
So she can fly? Seems balanced 😂
The cinematic and trailer team deserves A salary increase
Apex Could honestly make a Short Film
I just love how each of these launch trailers always makes me hyped af, they just keep getting better and better
what happened with path's voice?
0:21 double taps back?
A NON BR GAMEMODE??? POG?????
Was it just me or did I see a lil bit of king's canyon???
Best trailer yet!
1:50 nightmode confirmed ?
0:21 Is it triple tap G7??🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dang this looks insane
Simply epic
ASHHHHHHHHH  NEW WEAPON!!!!!!  VALKERIE
Hopefully we finally get a solo mode
弓めっちゃ気になるしヴァルキリーのアビもしかしたらめっちゃ強いかも？環境ガラッと変わりそうやけどアリーナも楽しみ！
Path finder be like 7 love whoever came up with this game
these animators better get a pay rise
0:34 "justice rains from above"
0:58 POV: when you're a movement king
God I want to see the 6-4 in this game
STOP ABUSING CAUSTIC
“Im in the pipe , 5 by 5”  She said it! She said the Thing!
I see u all wall walking like this octane in the future
1:16 I Love this Part of the Trailer Whats Your Fav Part :
I'll admit, I dropped this game for a while; but ig this is a sign it's time to make my return
2:37 Was that Lion Dota 2 reference O_O WUT!
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo arow new legen most icredible animation yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyees
Are we just gonna pretend that Valk isn’t literally Pharah
now if only they sorted out all the cheaters and bugs instead of making new content
SHEEEEEEESH Mirage really be hitting the high notes
ЭТО ТОЧНО ТРЕЙЛЕР АПЕКСА? ЭТО ШЕДЕВР!!!!
This is more exciting than any season launch trailer
SHE HAS A BOW! I'm sold :D  Also, is it just me or do these animated trailers just get better and better?! Animated Apex Legends TV series already, please Respawn!
*Hears Ash’s voice* ,,The legacy of the Apex Predators” *Reapers flashbacks*  Not again...
the ONE time i see loba in a trailer just to get booted by pathfinder 😂
Lies crypto isn’t that good in the games
Wow wow wow wow
me after turning off the lights in my room: 0:54
man mirage singing is the best part xD
*hears “Viper’s got you in the pipe, five by five”* CAMPAIGN MODE MEMORIES INTENSIFY
so we have a legend thats basicaly monarch with less HP a bow and ash with a new haircut    I don't know where i was going with this tbh
Bio i think iya about battle pass
PEACEKEEPER
Bro this cinematic is insane I love it:)
Am I the only one who saw ash?
best launch trailer to date, even better than season 3's imo
can't wait for my first codenet in s09
Ooo are we going to get a real game mode?
I am sorry, but after this trailer, i have from Mirage some,, Dandelion's vibes"
I love this game ya'll
Fuses tactical left fire. Hmmmmmmm
1:50
2:13 What a copy of the lion king xd
What’s up with Ashes head?
All right. We are going beyond. With fixed servers.
SHEEEESH
今回は更にかっこいいな笑笑その中でもオクタンのが1番良かった笑笑
Did they just tease a new legend besides the one we are getting
Can octane ever get some love in these trailers like dayum y’all always killin him
All this hype in the comments now just for y'all to complain when your favorite streamers or youtubers complain. I love the this brain dead generation.
I feel like Revenant has some colorful ideas about the existence of Ash
What’s that ash she looks different
1:39 wraith's rings under her eyes make her look kinda depressed … is she alright?
Why is it starts to feel like Overwatch
poor octane for getting bullied every season trailer.
Ahh Ash old friend, we meet again
Uhhhhhh que piola
Spend a wave of unbans please not for cheats
And again octane dies
Inb4 Cooper domes her too
BOW???????????????????????
THIS IS THE BEST TRAILER
Love how Mirage, Wraith and Pathfinder are still a team
1:29 1:39 TTV Wraith running sweaty ttv combo r9 wingman
Pharah is that you?
Are we getting a bow weapon?
can we talk about ash's cake tho?
I think I might be a Valkyrie main
This is the most hype season of ever seen
what map is that? is it still kings canyon?
Hipe
Most ridiculous part of this video is Loba's teleport working.
Yall spend twice the amount of time on lore and trailers than you do on actually fixing the game.
So they put Pharah in apex now
İ can not playing from seson 7 because i am goingto join a biiig exam but im solo exited
Pharaoh from overwatch?
But ash in vincen dynamics not apex predators...
NICE
CARALHO MANÉ OQUE FOI ISSO😳😳😳😳😳😳
I'm boutta have fun telling Valk how I dunked on her dad
see you all in the arena
FPS on the animation is garbage tho
F BT7274
Ok but where the heck frick is jack cooper
最後の青海波模様めっちゃ良い！！
it almost seem there going to change things up more then we think?
Calling it right now, Valkyrie is gonna be op asf
So...Pharah you get bored of waiting overwatch 2 huh?    but srly, the animation tho...👁️👁️
Yess mirage didn‘t die this time
Let's go
Lets see how many subs I can get with this comment. Actual subs 44
日本人おるかい？
Peacekeeper back in loot pool???
SO DOPE 🔥🔥
Watson buff coming? ,Being able to manually switch on fences
Help! I can't stop watching!!!
rap music haha *with dolphin laugh*                  -the 2 time
Oh cool, Ash is here. Should've stayed dead.
If valk has the same crunchy audio as viper when she’s far away and there voice lines come through a radio, I’ll die
“THE ARENA IS WIDE OPEN. TRICKLE IN CHAMPIONS” - a 2x Legend
Valk 40 years, ez
2:36 yooo i have that voiceline for fuse
This is gonna be fun asf
Best Apex Trailer up to date.
I really enjoyed the animation in this one, its getting better and better! Keep up the good work<3
WHO THE HECK DISLIKED THE TRAILER
I want them to drop two legends now that ash showed up
Try not to be one of my kills on valk;)
Idk y but this trailer animation looked really good and it felt cool having all the team
Ash
Ash teaser titanfall fans wya?
Yeah Octane is the protagonist of Apex Legends
bruh this is by far the best trailer ever
tell me that was not the predator bow
Their just bringing in all of the titanfall stuff now
arenas: go beyond battle royale! sound like fun.
Спасибо за игру
plz make another titanfall game.
Can u guys pls animate octane more ;c
Titanfall 2 bois:  I'll take your entire stock
That scene at 2:04 looks like it could be a finisher
Valk said the funny boys, we can go home now
所以我說被我捏爆的艾許復活了？
First time I've seen Fuze ult be useful
Mirage and Wraith are such a good couple! 😂
Coolest trailer ever nice job apex
Please don’t be like Ubisoft and not release a sequel and constantly teasing one
Plis. Not bows. Feels like every game goes downhill after adding bows. It is so unorriginal. And why when you could use a lazer gun would you lore and gamewise use a bow?
I love the crossover with titanfall
They don't show bloodhound enough in these trailers
Man by watching the trailer we know this is going to be a epic season
Pathfinder, Wraith and Mirage are the best team EVERR!!!
ok this looks epic
BEST TRAILER HANDS DOWN 🙌
Why Valk Gotta be soo rude? that too to Gibby?
trailer: 8\10 actual game: 2\10
アッシュにヴァルキリーか タイタンフォール2のメンバー揃ってきたね！！最高！ ヴァルキリーに関してはお父さんのヘルメットつけてるとか激アツすぎる
Best launch trailer yet
When the description doesn’t say play on switch too LOL
That kinda looks like the battle pass
And me thinking that Octane and Wattson had a relationship (ب_ب)
so they finally listened to us and put all three maps in rotation ty respawn
1:50 here comes the robo boot
MiWraith fans are gonna go crazy over a 10 second clip of mirage and wraith talking to each other
Hi apex man I want Ash in apex legends season 9 I love Ash. Ash ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I’m about it!  I need to get a lot of work done before this starts...😅
They music go hard tho it perfectly fits apex💯#1 game 2021 warzone second but all the homies love octane
This is sick and ark is coming soon
lets go babyyy
The iconic trio mirage, wraith, and pathfinder
VIPER HELMET  VIPER HELMET
But the animation tho 🤭
Such a good cinematic Respawn 👏🏻👏🏻
0:34 JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE
This one pretty good trailer ngl, Apex youve done yourself  quite the job
Makes me wonder more if they’re actually dead... because technically they’re all like still alive
Wattson buff 😌
its pharah but with a bow and aarow
So no one talking about ash
Hype af
Man wraith needs to back off my boy caustic
IDK but season 4 and 5 just hit different.
crypto heirloom/ pk on the ground   maybe !
My man Crypto keeping it real in 2021.
Props to the cinematics team, I  hope they're paid insanely well for their hardwork
See you all in Season Lagacy, bagacy and cheatorcy
I'm glade I just started playing on switch... Everything is so new
Fortnite bru
Mirage Wraith and Pathfinder are literally unstoppable their team dynamic is like none other
GO BEYOND BATTLE ROYALE 🔥🔥
I love how they are keeping true to the team comps from the first Apex trailer. I love the Wraith + Mirage + Pathfinder good guy synergy vs the Gibraltar + Bloodhound + Lifeline bad guy energy.
im starting to think valk doesn't like alcohol, man she shoots people drinks everytime lol
Revenant killing wraith pretty much sums up how all revenant vs wraith fights go😭
Why didn’t gibby bubble?!?!?!?
THE SMOOTHNESS OF THE ANIMATION. YOU GUYS REALLY GAVE THIS TRAILER ALL THE LOVIN DID YA 😭💕
Yesssssssss BOWWWWWWWWWWWW
1:43 Loba wishes her bracelet could be that fast.
1:52 the original trio
Mirage Sings  Me: Where's the Full cover at? Seriously you should Beat K/DA in seconds no joke.
the path, mirage and wraith se1 reference is amazing
So when are Mirage and Wraith gonna smash already and pop out some little rugrats?
Am I the only person who thinks that Pathfinders voice is kinda different?
Me at 0:24: "did they ordered a loadout?!"
Is WE finally coming back???
These trailers, oh man! Good animations!
Dude all of them are here
法拉？0:35
But why she look different from the Northstar trailer? 🤔
0:21 did the g7 just become an automatic weapon?
When will  apex mobile come??
YOOOOOOOOOOOO
Watch Me Now!! Oh Hey!
2:43 oh his Ash you look good for a dead chick
Can't wait to us champion ✌
1:41 buff loba tp fast
My boi mirage is a singer too!!!
literally goosebumps
Mirage, Wraith, Pathfinder so much yes
holy **** this looks so good
Liiiiiitttttttttt
Where tf is titanfall 3?
Моё отдельное уважение звукам
Vodoo 1 vipers on station. Hopefully his daughter lives up to his legacy
pilot pilot pilot, Any pilot would shred any of the apex legends. Wish they would make tf3 but it is what it is.
POG
レイス、ミラージュ、パスのトリオはシーズン１思い出す懐かしい3人でいい！！
YES. MORE MIRAITH. THE SUPERIOR SHIP.
Патфайндер падла ударил лобу.
I love how Valkyrie is using some of viper’s old voice lines, really shows you that she is her daughter.
Valk is a ball of attitude
this new season looking FIREEE
Yo can someone explain who’s the last robot??? I haven’t played titanfall idk if they’re from that game or not
So caustic is just gonna die every trailer huh. At least other characters get to do something cool before dying, but not caustic.
Ngl they really pulled all there two but cheeks and took the editor's to go all out.    Best trailer so far no cap by far
the neon vibe looks ✨immense✨
So haker woman is next season 10 new Legend ok good to know
Listening to Valkyrie quote Viper is so unreal to me and I love it
SHEEEESH
Octane one is me running from a 1v3
1:49 loba just gets f’ing drop kicked into a wall😂
Song name : Watch Me Now - Tommee Profitt (feat. Beacon Light)
YES WORLDS EDGE MY HOME 😭
Best trailer  Seanson 3 VS Seanson 9
only female legends smh
Woooohooooooo
Ash!!!!???
Please make this a TV show!!!
And that’s why i main mirage lol
Valkyrie did a UNO reverse card on Fuse at the end!
Let's freaking gooooo 🔥
Finally getting MP in Apex? i like what i see.
1:00 waiiit a sec, did we witness Octane doing a wall jump OwO?
❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
why is this so cool
Ash
"Time to return the legend back to where it started"  Just add solo all pilots. That's legacy enough.
HYPEEEE
MY TESTOSTERONE
I guess it’s just me but i prefer the old art style. Still sick animation though
Phara?
1:47 You goin to brazil !!!
best trailer ever damm
So is Watson going to stun people with her fence? I’m confused lol
can i have my titan yet
Ok does someone know where Ash hides her Ronin? Really I'm feeling a déjà vu seeing her and hearing her voice
1:06 “All yours darling” I love the accent
Dude when wraith says to caustic “remember me?” That part was so sickkkk, i can’t stop rewatching it
初期からあるミラレイパスのコンビ好き
Nobody touched mirage this time.... Nobody does it better .
Octane Wall Running Buff?
Gay
Yo valkyrie voice almost sounds like ronin from rouge company
Overwatch be like:
Spitfire still not nerved
Valkyrie sounds just like her dad
Was that ash from titanfall
Nice to see Ash is still kicking after I destroyed her and her ronin
0:43 R.I.P.
This has an ancient vibe Apex hasn't had since season 3, I'm incredibly excited
is this a mobile game ???
0:41 should’ve said “the skies belong to me”
To make this a bit more true to life when Loba used her bracelet it should have failed and then just as Pathfinder was about to boot her we all would have code leafed
sus 😡
maybe pk is floor loot agin?????
THE HYPE!!!
Does anyone know what the song is named ?
0:35 justice rains from above
？？？「正義の雨に裁かれろ！」
Это лучший трейлер из всех что было!
Also, why does octane always die
my exams watching me from a distance🙂
Seeing the characters talking is always my favorite part of these
Im affraid that the bow might be a legendary weapon, he has no equipements...
valorant 2.0
Ash looked better in TF2. Please revert her mask
titanfall 3
ミラージュレイスエモい
Wait ash is alive how its possible?🤯🤯
Nice season 1 reference there. So we get mad maggie in season 10???
When will the mobile trailer will launch?
Ash? In my Apex Legends? It's more likely than you think
1:26 Only OG's understood the reference
Yo COD... take notes on how to tease content.
Épico
Let’s gooooo
Mirage so cool
pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  I'm  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe
Is that was Ash at the end of the trailer, huh?
Error code valk
So she can fly seems fair
wattson 10000000iq play
I’m so confused what is this a new game someone please explain.
what is this new art style?? it looks cool but like hm?
ヴァルク垢抜けたなぁ
Ha ha haaaa, All about the Octranee
Ngl these lines are kinda cringe
Peacekeeper YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They always disrespecting my boy caustic
Это Шедевр
SHE SAID THE LINE
"Remember me" "Mirage, really. Again?"  Nice, throwback.
Nice, i want to play this season right Now
My boi Octane D:
And I’m 100% getting the new character and the battle pass
Now another whom I can't shoot becoz he will do gymnastics in air😂
The og trio is back (Mirage, Wraith and Path)
I feel like Jack Cooper is going to be the season 10 character because he was the one who killed valkyrie's father
0:21 0:21 0:21 0:21
トレーラー通りの機動力のキャラだったらこわいな～
Dope trailer
I love everything in this trailer...except ashes redesign. I think they really took away alot of the blank slate personality that made her so unique. She doesnt look like ash to me anymore. Other than that cant wait for arenas!
octane is me at the start of most games without guns.
1:49 YALL CANT DO LOBA LIKE THAT 💀💀
oh wattson you little cutie
Epic
Even in the trailer you getting 3rd partied
1:00 Titanfall
Too slow amigos !🏃🏻🏃🏻🏃🏻
This music not for me .. and why mess with Ashes look she was cooler before
280 Jealous Fortnite fans
I just want TF3
Truly inheriting the Viper vibe.
Honestly this is sooo good and amazing.....       But seriously though when are we getting better servers?
Why do they always bully my main🤣
Yo the compound bow is coming to the apex games
The squad wraith,mirage and pathfinder is back🔥
💪💪
Everything I hoped see would have, Vipers helmet, some voice line referencing something he said, was all delivered less then 20 seconds in. Also I’m praying that that’s a finisher for her. Also why is my boy octane always bullied in these trailers?
I loved this
Finally crypto doesn’t get killed in a trailer!! Lol
Wow
It might be me, but has the animation changed? The characters are so much more expressive, they look so much more cartoony, my god especially Octane, this chase was amazing. Respawn are out-doing themselves again.
I CAN FEEL TITANFALL 3 COMING. I CAN FEEL IT.
What no bloodhound
I’mma need a short animated movie please and thank you
As an octane main I'd say fences are like kryptonite to us octanes.
Im the online one who think peacekepper (I dont think i say it correctly) is on the ground
Bracelet works in the trailer but not the game lets goo!
back to worlds edge LETS GOOO
Not really feelin the new animation tho
i love the trailers where the characters interact. last one we got was season 3
When the game is so good but you're too trash at competitive to enjoy it. 😔
Fuse buffs? Count me in.   If the game can fit a legend with a jetpack and freaking rockets in, it can fit some buffs for me ol' mate Fusey.
In the pipe, 5 by 5.
I thought it was gonna be Viper from TitanFall 2
So the new character is just tone?
ワットソン可愛い
She kinda reminds me of Pharah from overwatch
if she's a pilot she BETTER have a double jump as a tactical or passive u hear me respawn!
So, they are now bringing a copy of Ash from Titanfall too?
What’s with the garbage rap music
This game is pretty much the only game I have played for two years, it’s made me happy, excited and I am literally up and ready for each update and event they throw. I’m excited for the new legend and the arena and I can not wait for season 9!
It's not Season 9 anymore it's Season Legacy
Maximum support from me.
THIS TRAILER HELLA SMOOTH
Ash still just salty that we turned her into a pancake in Titanfall 2.
*SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH*
So Apex finally becomes a TitanFall3?
Justice rains from above!
1:50 pathfinder kicked loba so hard I think she seen her mother and father for a second there
Happy content creators noise
Fckkk I’m not even at diamond in this season yet 😢
Bro I got my tokens ready to buy her for this and gameplay trailer dropping in 4 days ayyy I can’t wait
:20 ummmmm automatic or possibly 3 round burst for the g7?
because every bloodhound animation has to die in very iconic ways
Guys if you look close you can see that the pk which wattson is using has iron sights. That means it might come back?
Titanfall2 refrences it may be me but i smell titanfall 3
Better than Cod’s trailer 😂
Aww~~Why they need to change to Ash face I like the old one like in TitanFall2
Northstar mains getting hyped for valk
did you see my boy octane that boy was moving fast as fxxk boy lol
The new style is amazing
any buff Horizon comments?
Pharah confirmed
THEY DIDNT SHOW MIRAGE BLOWING UP!!!!
Ight, were doing this. **loads a smartgun*
DUDE THIS LOOKS AWESOME
And we thought Horizon was a problem. Oh boy....
Its 11 PM for me and I was about to sleep but apex calls me
THE "TELL THEM VIPER SENT YEA" LINE SHE USED HER OWN DADS 1 LINER
So are we not gonna mention the Apex Predators symbol appearing at 2:50 ?
SHE SAID THE LINE
Arena? Go Beyond Battle Royale? Hmmmmm ARE WE GETTING 3v3 Matches?!
1:45 always going to be my favorite scene
The peacekeeper is floor loot again??
Only my boy Octane would juke a shotgun...
Ash the Simulacrum from Vinson Dynamics has lived?! Whaaaaat?! Bringing back hella memories because Vinson Dynamics was my faction of choice in Titanfall 2. I’m used to her voice commentating during the whole game 😂
Fara ovrwatch
Yoo guys imagine an apex series
So if I'm right is Olympus and kings 1 thing 🤔while apex went from a battle royale to a team death match type of thing
Pathfinder voice is eh but the this is amazing and funny from the mirage scene
Soooooo when’s ashe going to be playable 👀
This one was the best
New season weapon bow? Cool
COD new trailer is so bad and  apex just nail it everytime very enjoy and make me want to play apex right now
0:21 Select fire/ G7 buff?
my new favorite trailer
Viper reference and ash..........bruhhhhh.
いい
You know it’s so funny because I played TF2 back when no one even knew about it. But since Apex, everyone went back to check it out. I’m glad they did and I’m glad to see that TF2 got the recognition it deserves.
Legacy🔥
That’s why Mirage... is my main when I stream!!!!💜💜 1:15
アリーナ！？マジで楽しみ
This trailer is beyond awesome...🙃
Have a feeling the next season will be named Absolution
Where is trailer of apex mobile?
2:18 Octane drop instantaly his stim
Bring back wingman peacekeeper meta
"Legacy of a champion cannot be measured by simple victories." Apex Predators: then what am I
I feel bad for Bloodhound in all these trailers he's like the main person getting killed every single time.
Season 9 starts character selection :   player 1 selected valk Player_ttv left
I could swear phara looked youger?
Excited to going this new season
Comentario español XD
PK FLOOR LOOT????
Y’all really put dva in apex
Neat. Did they do anything about teammates dropping solo or quitting after getting downed in pubs or is that all still garbage?
BRO GIVE US ASHHHHH
HYPE
Finally!
She said 5x5 10 out of 10 just like viper
Valkyrie voice is different from the previous trailer (stories from the outlands)
1:43 Loba’s bracelet better work like this lol
Yes for the love of God worlds ege
Valk looks different
Area mode five by five valkl says at start
Que emoción aaaaaaaa🤧
Anyone else feel like Valkyrie looks way less Asian than she did in the previous video?
I loveeeee uuuuu apeeeeexxx
Oh hi Ash xD
I think apex it's gonna be like overwatch phara and a lot of people they gonna hate it
Ok but this is the best trailer respawn has ever made
Yay! Peacekeeper
hi phara... oh
Just amazing
This seasons been massively boring needs a massive switch up
1:11 the disrespect to octane mains (myself included)
If mirage didn’t already have an heirloom people would think the microphone would be his heirloom
Fencessssss <3
Sooo did someone on the design team for valk get fired? Cause she looks better than she did before.
This was awesome 😍
DID THEY BRING BACK MY GIRL ASH?!?!
Two big things I noticed.  Peacekeeper maybe coming back to the ground, and loba was rocking that staff like an heirloom 👀
レイス、ミラージュ、パスのコンビがシーズン1のトレーラーと一緒で、レイスが打つシーンがシーズン1の方でミラージュが助けた時と酷似してるのが小ネタみたいでいい
2:07 no crypto se me cayo un ídolo
Where is the battlepass and stuff ?
Are we getting a bow??!
Mirage surprisingly didn’t die. Nice
cheater everywhere
New legend New weapon          New bug
Oh snap. Thats the robot girl from the big robot game faction
It makes me so mad that this is the most I have seen of ash this far and they arent even releasing her.
The only thing I care about is that we get to play on world edge again!
Mirage is so funny
1:39 that face tho
楽しみーー！！٩(๑òωó๑)۶❤︎
Loba...  Buff a la habilidad de loba?!?!?!
Wait so there's gonna be a new gamemode called 'Arenas' that's not Battle Royale?  Idk how I feel about that..
Valkyrie: "I'm in the pipe, Five by Five."  Go make make father proud, kid.
I’m loving the north star vibes from Valkarie
Crypto really woke up Chris Breezy💀
I really love the art style in the apex trailers, I wish there was an option in game to switch it to that.
Why is Bangalore shooting a scout full auto at 0:20?
That’s my new favorite trailer
Mirage and Wraith so cute ✨
Man that rev scene so brutal
10/10 best trailer they've done
every shot of this is a great desktop wallpaper
Me: “So, which map are you making changes for this season?” Respawn: YES
I’m just saying wraith never died because there’s  no fall damage.
No one: Octane: *was killed by wattson... AGAIN*
This 0:34 reminded me of Pharas Ult from Overwatch. And this is Hanzos bow?^^ 2:32   Who are they implementing next...? Haramb.. I mean Winston?! ;P
Bro, Vall's literally just stealing all of Viper's lines.
Tell them valk. sent u owwww
Crypto ain’t no simp
SE VIENE FUERTEEEE
me, staring at the animation: sheeeeeeeeeeeesh
This is not a season trailer or what
yo where is bloodhound
Just like ingame. And now also in the trailer. Caustic is completely useless!
Valkyrie looks a lil bit like Jett from Valorant tbh :/
They should totally make a series out of Apex!
I'm angry with path cuz he hited my love Loba >:c
bring back disruptor rounds
wonderful
1:47 Wraith with a r99    Where i saw this before? mmmmmm......
The quality the work and effort they put into these trailer’s are amazing always get hyped for the trailer’s! 🤩
Loba time baby
Está de huevisimos está genial, está temporada va a estar increíble.
THE HYPE IS ON!!
ANTHEM
OKAYYYYYYY APEX SPICING IT UPP 🔥🔥🔥
Nobody talking about how valkrie is flying  the whole time?
best one yet ngl
0:21 FULL AUTO G7 SCOUT?
Wait 4/26/21 is only 4 days away yet this season has 14 days left PLZ NO
New legend appears 2-3 times 🤣😂
bruh in every game they need a cross bow person lol and ash sheesh she better come out in the game
When dose the next season come out?
i am readYYyYyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
oh hey the arenas will come on my birthday
Hype hype hype
0:35 yooo Kai´sa is in Apex let´s gooo
😍
uhhhhh horizon huuuuuh
HYYPPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEEEE
lets get flying!
Respawn, I hope you put a quip for Valk where she says the Skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
this trailer looks sick good job RESPAWN and the voice actors I can't wait 🤯🤯🤯😱😱 I like how Octane was like I am fast as fuckboi and the mirage😂🤣
Hope she hovers slowly in the air while ulting
I think this is the best trailer since season 4 (rev reveal has a special place in my heart)
I killed her dad She killed my interest in playing apex We are even!
0:12 She did it boys! She said it!
f in chat for octane
Yay a bow
Pathfinder i love you.
WOW!
My review of this trailer:      Love it
I might come back just for ashe and valk
go beyond battle royal !🤔
I got goosebumps
Oh cool another character ripped straight from Overwatch 😂😂😂
Why does Valkyrie look different in this trailer?
Hypadissimo
Pk is now ground loot??? 😳
Mirage is so chilled all the  time😂😂😂😂😂😂
Sheeeeeeeeeeesh
평화 골키퍼 가 돌아오다
Man, I love the game, I love the lore cinematics they put out, this trailer is cool but this "Launch Trailer" doesn't give us much on the new season, nor does it give info on the new "arenas" whatever those are. Just my 2 cents
Just get rid of Maggie’s voice!
"I'M IN THE PIPE 5 BY 5"
Titanfall Fans Wya?
I guess we might not get Titans 😢
Im fkin bad in this game but I challenge you all.
Viper on the pipes 5 by 5 awsome tf2 call back
She is pilot?
Ash not being bald is so weird to me. Kinda like it tho
No gameplay... Boring
I haven't played apex since beta but this looks sick
ヴァルク声も顔も可愛くて草
OH MY GOD THIS TRAILER IS THE BEST ONE YET
1:19Me when i think i only at  home  and partying lonely and my parents see me
Oh god not pharah I thought she was only in overwatch now she has a bow 😭
Wraith: remenber me? Caustic: no Wraith: *understand have a Nice day* *void*
I saw Bangalore double tap a rifle?     Return of the double tap mod????????
It trailer of mobile version??
Mirage be vibe in 😂
0:40 missed opportunity for the skies belong to me !  DISAPPOINTED !!!  Just kidding,I’m just happy where Apex is going, also is that Ash !?  Both communities are winning,equal love in this trailer.
Aquí está el comentario en español que buscas
Ash said legacy of the Apex predators.  Does this mean more titanfall stuff is coming to apex legends
Valkyrie saying Viper lines Gave me life
نااااار🔥✌🏾
Love it how they brought wraith, pathfinder, and mirage back together for this trailer.
Who else is excited for Apex Legends Mobile??
Bruh mirage is funny
1:44 , soooooooooooooooooo I take this as a sign of war
que se jodan los que no les gusto el trailer
Deathmatch?
Rocket angels suited up!
SHE WEARS THE HELMET. SHE SAYS THE QUOTE. HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE LEGEND
so valorant 2.0?
0:51 nice
Is this like a new chapter
can’t wait for this
Og mirage mains where you at
*Yes, he is a Legend.*
Bruh kinda scary they didn’t show lifelines rework
THAT IS SO LITTTTTT
Bro like the animation is just fire now
watch somebody call it season 9
The new legend she looks so fine 🥵
ASH HAS EYES NOW?
Mirage Voyage is back for good?
Why is Valkyrie's face drastically different from the recent cinematic? I won't lie this version's hella cute given maybe the make-up (more prominent eyelashes and eyebrows) and a different hairstyle.
First thought.. SHEEEEEEESHHHH
Watson rework?
Revenant killing Wraith is all I needed to see.
whats your problem with octane, hes died in 5 season trailers now
Please.. I love the OG Titanfall stuff being added into Apex Legends, BUT please! Don't turn Titanfall 3 into Apex Legends expansion.. it deserves to be its own thing with the og gritty art style.
That was awesome!
Man fire as always
Jimin do bts
Loba buff? bring it!
does this mean loba buff *please respawn*
oh look another legend I cant afford T_T
Wattson Rework LETS GOOOOOO
Wait. Is this still apex or is it apex 2. I really hope it stays apex and this is like a segway to Titanfall 3
F 4 Octane
2:42  is that ash paths girlfriend /ex girlfriend ?
اكو عرب بالطياره
Is that the new lifeline shield we saw in the beginning?
普通に可愛いじゃん日本人キャラ
0:34 ''justice rains from above''
Mejor animación de free fire :v
Did valkerie just quote a starcraft wraith at 0:12?
Is there a new map?
Yall didn't have to do octane like that
ok
Valk said the line! She said the line! Viper would be proud.
So, this is literally just...
I love this, see ya all in the arena
WOW ITS SO BEATIFUL😲
Ahh yes. Another trailer where octane gets bullied.
is that my favorite mean robot lady from titanfall 2
Cheesy music. Is getting old!!!
Northstar mains.  *ASSEMBLE*
次のトレーラーにチーターが出てこないことを期待します
Отряд Мираж, Рейф и Патфайндер как в самом первом трейлере игры) После Ревенанта я не припомню нормальных роликов чтоб хотелось посмотреть еще и еще, а тут прям вау!
Maybe add a titan game mode
This is definitely the best trailer ever....      My mans mirage didn’t get obliterated les goooo!
Please respawn stop bullyng octane he is a good person who loves speed
fast fast yeah
Mirage is so funny 😂😂😭 such a great character !! Thank you respawn for your great commitment
They changed pathfinder voice?
No one:  Mirage: Watch me nooow!
Northstar
Hype.
Great another flying character that will be impossible to hit
This looks amazing omfg
COOL
I got to naenae on Viper, now I get to naenae on his daughter as well.
did anyone notice how the g7 scout was firing automatic or is it just me ?
by far the best animation I've seen
RIP LIFELINE
My queen has returned!!! 🙇‍♀️🙇‍♀️🙇‍♀️
These trailers are next level
Mirage is so cool :D
正義の雨に裁かれよ！！！
Look Lobas tactical worked.... oh wait she's still instantly destroyed.
ぴーきーもどってくんの？！！？
"i love whoever came up with this new game"  yeah, Path. I know you still love her.
Or... you could just show us some game play since nobody cares about the story
Apex legends in mobile 👍👍👍
日本の要素が割とモリモリでうれしい
Looks nice
1:49 pathfinder being pathfinder...
Anyone else hate Valks Personality?
Valkary has got the same voice lines that viper, Nice job respawn
١٠/١٠ 💜Very excited
Is that overwatch reference
So she can fly???
wait... ISA PURPLE SEASON!!!!!
Wow the trailer is so lit.. can't wait to experience first week of trying to play valkyrie with full team lol
Ash got a new haircut
HYPE!!! LADIES AND GENTS IF YOU ARENT ON THE APEX TRAIN GET ON NOW! WOOT WOOT
This was one of the smoothest and best made animations for a video game I have ever seen
Northstar but human
I dont get why every single time we have the new legend being shown as the coolest thing and the next season trailer we just make fun of them , in s5 it was reasonable to have loba get revenant , but in season 6 rampart killed loba , season 7 horizon shot rampart , season 8 fuse blew horizon up and now valkyrie shot fuse
Ash?!
ЗАЧЁЁЁТ..!!!!
2:28 That is actually pretty accurate reaction time to an arrow breaking your bottle.
MAAAAAAN I SCREAMED A LOT... FINALLY ALL LEGENDS IN ONE VIDEO 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
See ya in the arena
Did they nerf valks Asian or am I tripping
Best freaking apex trailer so far no cap
Ash
this is gonna be awesome
The best season trailer EVER
THE PIPE
among
Beautiful Ican see this all the time I cant wait 4 days
Looks like to me the new legend gonna be the next horizon🤣🤔
nice
"I'm in the pipe" gets me everytime!
This whole trailer was one lore/teaser cross reference and I. AM. IN. LOVE.
Wraith and Mirage is too funny
Voodoo One, Valkyrie’s on station. Your journey ends here, Legends – the skies belong to me. nowhere to run… nowhere to hide.
Nice
“It’s time to return the legends to where it started”
WORLDS EDGE!!!!!  Edit: ASH!!!!! sheeeeeeeeeeeeesh🥶🥶🥵🥵🔥🔥
Ahhhhhh
Bruh my boy octane getting ganged up on again, with wattson too BRUH
i Can't wait
Pathfinder:  "I love whoever came up with this new game!" Game Creator:  *Ash*
This season is going to be in top 3 Best seasons Or i'm wrong Legends????
Petition to add wall run
APEX!!! BACK TO THE ROOTS!!! im in love with this
El mejor video de toda la historia de Apex Legends
Did I just see Valkyrie using the FREAKING BOW??!!! Please tell me that bow will be a new weapon.
Who remember fight with Viper?  | \/
Peacekeeper on floor loot!
Was that branthium on ash’s head?
bruh i got goosebumps
No cabe duda Va a ser una temporada perrisima
bruh!! kicking loba's face is a crime ...
今までの中で一番オシャレに感じた笑
オクタン格好良すぎじゃあ！！！
ash on season 10
Siento que revenant tendrá mas participacion ya que ash se podria decir que es de hadmonnd robotics y reventa les a dado caza a cada miembro de hadmon robotics
I really liked the call back to the very first team you see in Apex and Wraith calls Mirage out again for the interaction with Caustic. Love went into this trailer
Fuse buff leak? 0:17 and 2:21
Quiero s3x0
i have no words to explain this
Rated s for sick
So normal ability is a bow. And ultimate are missiles. Soo no titan? Or will we get a bow as a new weapon?
Octane should able to wall run
I howled so many times so loud my mom came to check up on me
Is this the final next season legacy trailer?? If yes can anyone lemme know what the reactive skin is cus I don’t see any guns from the vid that has a skin on I think...
يزينك يا ميراج 😍😍😂😂😂
So is this the teaser for the new seson?
This looking very nice exciting 🙂👍
man, justice really rain from above
0:21 Can knuckle cluster flame?
Anyone else notice Ash adjusting Revenants aggresiveness?
OK all other season trailers showed maps that were coming out or Maps we been on these backgrounds all look like ARENAS
the map changes are friccking epic
the new weapon looks good 2:24 🍺
this trailer slaps
Feel like this was a new art style!
Peep the double tap G7
Best trailer ever change my mind 🔥🔥🔥
mirage,wraith,pathfinder
I may not adore the game but I still love these cinematics/stories from the outlands, theyre seriously so good
Does that robot have dreads? xD
Hey Siri, how do I change my own underpants
Uhhh I just saw Ash's face like when they are looking at a screen that's ash 1000%
1 segundo de clase ZZZ un millon de años de apex FINOS SEÑORES
Respawn developes and marketing just come up with the dopest stuff and expect us not to go bonkers. Lemme play valkyrie, get that semblance of pilot gameplay👌👌👌
My faverote trailer
ngl excited for that pk returning
I’m actually excited tbh
Not hating as it does look cool asf, but I really feel like I am going to slowly hate fighting this legend :/ Hopefully she isnt too overwhelming
2:07 Look at CRYPTO, how to use the useless drone correctly
Crypto slapping horizon made me so happy
I’m giving all a warning watch out I’m gonna be using the peacekeeper now
Soooo cool
octane can wallrun? Yoo hopefully the game becomes more fast pace, like titan fall.
Apex legends, the game where they steal original ideas from other games
Guys isn't that robot voice and appearance like ash? The boss fight from TF2 her factory was underground too and she loved making arenas
0:34 Please tell me I'm not the only one that instantly thought "Justice Raain's from Above!" XD
I don't even play this game anymore I just watch the cinematics
Mirage is mood
1:26 Love the callback to when Mirage did this to Bangs when he saved Wraith. Mirage totally had that under control though...definitely. Probably still holding a grudge during that time when Caustic trapped her in the room with the gas. Also 1:51 for that OG squad
Brrrrruuuuuv, the graphics look insanely better. I guess thats where theyve been putting their money instead of better servers  And i love that Wraith, Mirage, and Path are back together
Where TruNoom
poor octane
SHEEEESH
0:21 did u guys notice the g7 rapid fire new buff????????
I loveded how this was the most exciting trailer that Apex Legends ever launched yet, plus (in my opinion) I also loved how our Legends interact with eachother, and a possible new hint for our next Legend on the next season which could be Ash 👌🏻👏🏻👌🏻👏🏻👌🏻👏🏻👌🏻👌🏻👏🏻
dont play apex but i was here
Is it just me, or does the CG look terrible in this trailer.
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Im so confused is this Kings Canyon, Olympus or Worlds Edge??
Are we about to get a tdm mode!? Yes!
Pinche juego feo la neta
Ah , that was cool .
I hate that as the game ages the trailers get better and better but the servers get worse and buggier...🥲🥲🥲
so maybe theres still hope? maybe instead of the big shield rez from lifeline she auto rez but u use ur knockdown shield and i was hoping ash was a legend with a sword
I just like how path , wraith and mirage are the main squadies
SHE CAN FLY??? AND SHOOT ARROW???? HOLY SHET!!!!
0:21 well it is what it is...
Karen’s got you in the pipe, five by five
So that's how the commentator look like
Peacekeeper back on the ground?? New map or return of worlds edge?
When Valk said I own the sky, I felt that.
I hope to see you all in the ring!
The day Mirage didn't died (2 times)
Ppl titanfall 2 is on 75% discount check out
IM so happy that she's got all of the iconic Viper voice lines, and Ash too! This is gonna be the best season!
There’s so much in this
GO BEYOND BATTLE ROYALE? does this mean we’ll get Pilot vs pilot in apex?
dont tell me ash survived
Aaaaaaaay
When I hear Loba's voice and I watch her body  I always think she is Latina :v
Justice! Rain from above..... Sorry wrong game.
Poor octane getting zap out of existence
OHHHHHHHH
(Imagine watching Apex Legends as a Netflix series.) -  The art & animation In this video was phenomenal. The character design and fluidity of the animation just makes it 💯✨ worth the wait. Keep that Good Stuff in rotation.  [can't wait to see what the battle pass has in store]
All these Viper references make me cry, it's so good. I can't wait to hear all of her quips.
yo escapando de los municipales por que me robe un gansito: 0:47
0:21 WHAT ARE YOU DOING LIFE LINE !!!!!!!!!!!
I totally ship mirage and wraith at this point
Hanzo + Pharh = Valkyrie
I want to play an event that utilizes some sort of vicinity game chat. I think that'd make for some pretty interesting game play 😂 Actually having to whisper to your teamates sounds both fun and annoying.
Wisethug ont est la 💪🇫🇷
Introducing super low profile mode exclusive to pathfinder. Now he takes double damage from all distances but he is much easier to hit as well!
I think this might be my new favorite trailer for a season
And they said apex is dead
Fuze - Claster castet! Bloodhound - wow, 5 dmg... Fuze - dies.
Es tan perfecto 😍
This HAS TO BE MY FAVORITE TRAILER
BROOO THE FUXKING GOOSEBUMPS
mirage path and wraith are the best team
how is ash alive she is dead
IS THAT ASH
Pls ok on ground please!!
When it would be available in my country
My boy Octane gets bullied every launch trailer :(
Noice
0:55 ここスクリーンショットとって背景にした
well I found my new fav char
Mirage making me proud as always
Wonder why they decided to change the animation slightly.
New animation style. I'm diggin' it.
If ash isn't the season 10 legend, I don't know what's real any more.
and also the way octane run through those boxes, could it be??? Wall running like Titanfall?
Nice i can't wait for the bow, i hope it will be op even more than the karber but more mid ranged
That’s Fire
u guys got mics
青海波の模様使ってて日本を全面に押し出してて嬉しい
CHINGOOON !!!
Can y'all fix the servers for people in the bahamas
1:03 Does this mean I'll be able to switch on/off my Wattson Fences? And did Horizon just snipe with a Peacekeeper?
ddid i ask
NOOO IM LATE TO THE PREMIERE
This is the best animation ever!!!!
I love the trailer I'm just sad that my amigo octane lose
Sooo we got a bow now?
I love you mirage
Why am I crying slightly ?
1:44 i like this view
Their is a lot to learn about the new stuff that is coming in the season. I hope it will be fun
Honestly, WE NEED A TV SERIES ALREADY.
Terrible trailer, Caustic didn't even spam out all of his smoke traps beforehand, what a rip
JIGSAW: "LET THE GAMES BEGIN"           *SIMLING MENACING*
Ash made this trailer amazing
The new legend is basically Pharah from overwatch
The octane running scene was fire, but he got violated at the end 😂
Another game with a bow in it for giggles 😴 😴 😴😴😴😴😴😴
Wraith really in character with a wingman r99
The animation is looking fresh and smooth
WORLDS EDGE IS BACK BABYYYYYYYYYY
かっけー
can i have the song pls??
I thought Octane was about to wallrun.
Player 1: Picks Valk Player 2 has disconnected  Player 3 has disconnected
That Octane dying alone literally Typical Octain main who rush without a team. *Classic*
Wow thats was amazing
This is gonna be fun my guys   See you in the arena  😈😈😈😈
Every time you guys come out with a lunch trailer, it gets me so hyped
I can see Tourney Arena’s spawning from this
2:06 me trying to destroy the Crypto Drone.
NIce - a Trailer for another trailer !!!
Ash looks weird
incompatible device 😂😂😂
Ez legend
1:16 i think in this trailer that mirage is better than that mirage 😏
Interesting
Octanes my favorite legend and it’s always so sad for me to see him get massacred in every trailer but great trailer really excited for the new season
Don't disrespect my caustic 😡
Wuuuuuu!!!
Wasssssuuuuuupppp boiiiiis
Sus
man i can't wait
Would be cool if one of the arena game modes had wallrunning
Out Of Memory Crash Error Pls ?
crypto heirloom 2:06
Mirage appearance made all this better <3
I think and now it's going to happen the IMC are going to come back with blisk viper Kane and Ash and then eventually they're going to bring in Jack Cooper as the last resort just to get them out
10/10
Its difficult to hate any of these characters when they are all fun both character and play style
Vinson Dynamics thanks you for your work
Octane always gives me chills in the trailers
the original trio who happens to be bestfriends now returned. Also Mirage didnt die this time.  I love this trailer.
このオールスター感ハンパないw
Wraith mirage and path I love that og trio!😆😎
New map?
аааааааааааааааааа
bows comming to the game possibly?
Once again caustic gets bodied by wraith
so PK is ground loot?
it's just me or pathfinder sounds kinda different...
When is Titanfall 3
Best cinematics ever by Apex
Is it just me or is Wraith lookin' mighty sleep deprived in this trailer?
Ohhhhhhhhh skit bro I'm pumped
Bro i can t wait for the arena mode it s gonna be sooo fun
Wall running?
I got chills watching this video not the scared chills but the super excited chills
i am SO READY! Die hard titanfall fan and seeing this makes tears come! SO HAPPY!
A apex le gusta las musica de NF para sus trailer  Nf wacht me now
Ash is lookin good
This is the most well made trailer yet!
Arena mean overwatch game mode?
yoo what's this animation 😳
Whats Ash doing here?
El mejor tráiler  que ha salido woow me encantó
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo its ash
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
I think the new legend stole the helmet from star wars
The apex legends were originally underground gladiator style warriors, so I’m sure we’re gonna get back to those origins. I’d bet we’re gonna get 1v1 or 3v3 style duels in small arenas.
Ollie is gonna be excited
Ash better be the announcer or I'm losing it.
Wooooooowwwwww
Insane.
Is no one gonna question the fact that octane literally ran so fast he changed maps?
The next legend is a storm trooper?
Thank you for making this game mode like 3 YEARS after everyone left the game
I really hope Valk has a skin with the helmet on!
SHEEESH
Why do they gotta do my man jibby like that bro
0:52 I think this makes the peacekeeper ground loot again
Trash 🗑 🚮
YOOO ITS ASH
Holy cow!
The personality they give each legends is amazing. It feels so complete! Cinematics are hands down the best ever!!!! Can’t get enough of Apex Legends!!!
God seeing octane jump and bounce off the walls made me wish this game kept wall running
Possibly their most violent trailer.... they even murdered my boy octane just as they're gonna do him come season 9
I like how it says that play for free on Xbox PS4 Origin and Stream but where is Nintendo Switch 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
we gonna ignore ash?
I'm surprised that valk repainted vipers helmet, I honestly expected her to put it on a shelf somewhere
2:37 she look like a dude
Best video game trailers I've ever seen
Caustic is in cannon dead now.
Why does Pathfinder's voice sound weaker and different this season? Hopefully it's only for this trailer.
I never been so hype for. A new season in my life   This is a master piece thank you apex
Can’t even come up with original lines for Valkyrie
When you get the hall tell 'em Valkyrie sent you  Look like some one stole his diagnosis
So... what, in-universe, are these people competing for? What is the prize that the organized event that is the framing device of Apex Legends as a whole is a competition for?
Whooooooooooooooooooooo! Whoooooooooo! Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Whooooooooo! Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Arenas 3v3 combat on mini maps  Isn't apex all ready 3v3?
2:38 she is a baddie
Alternate title: octane getting bullied for 3 minutes straight             Edit: everyone said to change plot twist to alternate title so I did it, the only reason I did it was because I wrote the wrong thing that’s my fault but I think that’s resolved now
Why does legacy look like viper from titanfall2
Rev and crypto are so brutal 💀2:05 2:14
The thumbnail looks like tenz
LIFELINE didn't revive, oh wait, se can't
Holy fck Im hyped
ash?
"Cant outrun the current " just shut the heck up watttson
maybe pk ground loot
ASH!!!!!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Destiny 2 players: *laughs in bow experience*
Finally take out hackers too
5 by 5, 10 out of 10
Awh, rip northstar, you will be missed
Peacekeeper 😍❤️back
Classic octane getting caught out in a 1 v 3
Ayyy 26th is my birthday 😂😂
0:22 I see they had to show us how they nerfed Lifeline revive
ホライゾンとワットソン可愛いなぁ
This animation got so fluid and smooth. It's so satisfying to watch
Imagine of Respawn made an Actual Apex Legends Movie 🎥 👏 😳
0:21 that g7 3 shot burst is what im looking for
let's not forget bangalore full-auto'd the G7 scout...........wow
POG
was excited when i saw that robo-girl, only to be disappointed by its human face at the end, was hoping for some cool robo-face or something who is it suposed to be tho?, kind of fresh in the game and unsure if its just a character thats always been there in the game doing the talking, or something else?
Lemme guess new skins, new map changes, new legend with a mega......but still titanfall 2 servers.....
New white haired waifu!!!
Love this trailer, but I wanted bloodhound to have their moment instead of getting down within 3 seconds
nobody:   absolutely nobody:    apex: *PHARAH HAS ENTERED THE CHAT*
It's really sad when a trailer has more hype than a event.. yes I'm aiming that at warzone 😂
So, people reviving by lifeline can use their knockdown shields?
Full auto G7 @0:20 ?
楽しみだ〜
Who else noticed that most of Valk's quips were taken from Viper?  Pretty cool.
her gameplay is probably like jump/jet trooper with 2-3 charge on Q, but idk
yo rae looks so fun. remind me of pharah from OW
🤪 apex your keep getting better and better 🙌🏻
1:49 my man pathfinder aint no simp
Ааааааааа! Так круто!!!!
Worlds edge coming back ????
YO!!! This ain’t season 9 this is LEGACY
Weird how I'm so excited and disappointed at the same time
ash’s hair reveal 😫😫
Ash is that you?
Awesome
AWESOME!!!!
Will she say, "Justice rains from above"?
Anyone feel a hint of wall run from Octain or was it purely just cinema trailer moves? Because they're strongly against giving anyone wall run, I know that much.
ファラ？
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESS!!!!
Plz fix the server in S9 and banned Cheaters we don't want anything
This is so amazing
That wattson is unbeliveable ..the unseen electrical gate!will be my main on next season!
LET'S GOOOOOOO 😎
I just want BT back :(
Is it just me or does the animation and the character models look different
Bangalore using 2-shot hop-up. OG Legend squad from first reveal trailer!!!! "Remember me?"
What happened with Olimpus?
This game gets better every season i swear, too bad another battle royale keeps making their game worse lol
Alright, I'm not going to go crazy, but did Octane wall jump?!?
wow
🔥🔥🔥
YOOOOO
So let me guess, Still no Crossplay ?
At this point I'm not surprised the animations are getting better.  Apex Legends if it keeps going the way it goes is on track to make a billion dollars
Stand by for Titanfall.
The animation trailer seems improved
corny one liners aint doing it
Favorite trailer since season 3
Si pinta el juego a si como el trailer tendremos una temporada de octane " de locos " 👏👏👍✌️será genial!!!!!
ASH FROM TITAN FALL 2!!!!! 2:04
now explain what is this
Then pathfinder realises that his ex-girlfriend came up with the Arena
jack  needs to come and finish the job
I like the part with bloodhound haha 😢
BEST
AYO ASH
Warzone is better
B R I L L I A N T
1:45 your welcome
ヴァルキリー可愛いな
new season,new legend,new panic?An legend with a jetpack?You don't need skill for her,you need fly skill with her.I know they gonna nerf her
Anyone follow apex lore but you don't play the game? I work/live near the Respawn offices and see SO many  devs at the subway across the street its INSANE. Hoping to make a friend to get my foot in the door at Respawn!
Can't wait to play valk after turning her father into paste
warzone and apex droppin trailers
0:59 did octane just wallrun!! Titanfall hype
Ash has hair now
Holy dodo I just got the chills
Появится ЛУК)))
Erika Ishii ❤️😍
Is diegosaurus the new legend ?? Research in twitch
I think we can all agree this is by far the best launch trailer they've released so far. Also this was my first time seeing someone actually hold up a knockdown shield in the cinematics
I'll be waiting!!!
pog
Ash got them waves
1:48 this has me dying
The og squad in 1:57  rember when paty said with 10 kills the loot should be mine. Margie: that not even a number.         Wraith: shakes head
bangalore uses a g7 in full-auto mode
Wdfk the best trailer ever it actually beats the season 3 trailers 🎉🎉🎉❤️❤️❤️
Decent I expected more
Apex trailer never dissapoint me
Me a broken player grinding for muney for Valk
I have watched this 8 times already it’s so good
AAAAHHHH ETF
*watch me now* !
1:52 that trio is a reference to the first apex trailer
“Goes down” “Instantly leaves the match” “Picks new character” “Somebody just left the match”  “Absolutely nothing” “Half the squad left the match”
Love apex
The girl should where the vipers helmet please
日本人全然いねぇじゃんw
First symetra and now pharah?
I want to play solos :(
Ok you won respawn when rampart appeared I got enough of the game but now . . .  I can only rewrite a viper phrase We are on station and a new journey starts here
wait guys how is @Retro-Spect's comment 23 hours ago when the vids released 32minutes ago
welcome to the arena !
1:16 Mirage sounds like a mosquito 🦟 😆
Looks like Respawn weaseled their way into making Titanfall 3 without EA noticing lol
0:21 bangalore shoots scout at auto
Duuuude!!!! Looks dope!!!
so we basically have a phara from overwatch now
Looks sweeett
ayo this coffee looks lowkey delicious.
They did everything beautifly but I hate to say this but the ash face is pretty bad in titanfall2 they really perfected it but I don't like it
日本人おる？
Here goes the northstar, ronin where? I miss BT
ok this quickly turned into my favourite one
Season 2 Vibes. 🙏
This makes me feel like they're hyping up titanfall 3
Aight im playing apex again
1:00 octane can wallrun now?
Octane nerf😐
5 by 5 valkyrie's got you down the pipe
*ash is back* "How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man?"
“Justice rains from above”
IT IS OFFICIAL!! THIS IS THE BEST THING TO EVER HAPPEN THIS YEAR!
オクタンまじでかっこよすぎ🤘🦈🤘 電気でやられちゃってバタンしてんのも可愛すぎ！！！！⚡️⚡️⚡️
2:15 awwwe her scream 😢
Hanzo and Pharah in one?
LET'S GOOOOOO!!!! Watch me now!!
Nothing can replace sesason 7 neither horizon
I'm going to have a blast sniping Valkyrie Mains right out of the sky
New legend, new weapons, new maps, more season rewards and more story about Ash... Note: New weapon is Bow... Welp they took the idea from destiny 2 forsaken dlc because they need a better weapon...
We have a Miraith moment. Thanks respawn
Bro that is just phara from over watch
See you in the games
Ash? but how i kiled you
“Watch me nooow”                        ———Mirage
May I ask what does "in the pipe 5 by 5" mean?
Yooo was that ash 2:00
This is just beautiful
SALTY !
Northstar has now become a human wifu
wattson buff? :0 pog
That "Go beyond battle royale" definitely is trying to say something
WHEN MIRAGE SAID NOW YOU SEE ME. I LAUGHED SO MUCH. I LOVE THIS GUY.
Boring
Loba got stuck 😏
Crypto se va funado
If I had a nickel every time mirage didn't die in a Apex animation I would have two nickels but still it's weirded at it happened twice
Im already a valk main
2:46 who's that?
why is no one talking about ash's braces
sir give a server in India too I wanna play the game man but 200 ping is bad please pretty please
Valk > Loba
THE PK IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!
We all know Valk's gonna have a "Speed is life" line to Octane
CROSSBOW NEW LEGEND DARK MAP
J'ai t'ellement hâte !!
Amazing
Yo they changed the face of Valkyrie. I liked the one from The stories from the outlands.
Mirage is a legend.
地紋が最後に、、、！
Mirage and wraith has seriously been the duo of a lifetime.
basically overwatch pharah in apex
the best trailer ever seen
Octane is a coward 🤣
This is hands-down the best trailer you guys of ever made!! The music choice was spot on, The topic of legacy fits perfectly with Valkyries vibe, and we got to see all the shine! I cannot wait for the season!
Pharah at home.
The og squad in 1:57  rember when paty said with 10 kills the loot should be mine. Margie: that not even a number.         Wraith: shakes head
OK as far as I know from watching this trailer is that Valk can fly and shoot tons of rockets at enemies. Now that seems fun but remember this resqawn making the game and the only thing they do is something that's not fun so I guess Valk is not gonna fly, her rockets are gonna be like molotovs that circle around an enemy and not hit him, and that's the end of the hype and the season without it starting
Valkyrie: I'm in the pipe, five-by-five Me: SHE SAID THE THING
Sory but a legend that can fly is just going overboard you can tell that stuff gonna be way to overpowered
Literally feels like a anime series ❤🤩
Wait so is Legacy the name of season 9, or is this something separate going on? Like I know the new mode is coming but there’s no marketing saying “season 9”
I want the doom slayer for the next season
im just excited asf to finally play a character with a relations to titans. pilots, and the fact THAT I GET TO WEAR A PILOT HELMET. i heard the skins are so cool, you can count me in. if thats the default skin i want to see how else the pilot gear looks in the skins
an actual bow and arrow?? awesome!!!!
YOOOOOO SNOWY OLYMPUS!!!
2:04 is Ash From titanfall 2
SEEEESHH !!
i hate br but for titanfall 2 campaign references ill play until titanfall 3
So basically pharah
I always seing Mirage, Wraith and Pathfinder as the ultimate squad.
Как обычно, все классно, но ничего не понятно
I love how calm and relaxed Mirage is, just singing, meanwhile Wraith had to carry him....
1:17 and onwards ANGEL CITY?? ANYONE??
やっぱりキャラの性格ではダントツでオクタンとミラージュがすきだわ
yo yo viper jr
2:13 I felt physical pleasure with that.
JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE!
0:47 *mains octane be like*
Revenant literally only has one scene and he’s stabbing wraith, good on him
Valkyrie: Its over Gibby i have the high ground
(sonomaeni ti-ta- dounika shitene) 訳:その前にチーターどうにかしてね
this be looking like the best season
Anyone else see the rapid fire g7
Yooo Pharah from Overwatch confirmed as new legend
one of the best trailers yet
the apex time is coming!
Mini viper
This video contains images of Bloodhound getting stunted on repeatedly. Bloodhound main viewers are advised to seek necessary mental health treatments upon viewing.
😆😆
WOOOOEWWWWWW
Valkyrie is cool and all but i still enjoyed decimating her father in TF2
I like that they did a small tease from season one when wraith said "not again mirage"
I’m confused
All these new characters...no black man
Glad to see that Ash is still running death pit arenas. Little has changed since Typhon.
YOOOOO cant wait for season 9, good job respawn!!!
2:34 hey you can't say that viper will sue you
1:39 the part where mirage trips over the rock looks so good
There is so much going on. I cant handle it
Can't wait for the Frontier Militia to get involved in the story.
Loba having a feet time
best trailer yet
The more I see these trailers the more I’m convinced that Titanfall 3 is not too far from around the corner
Mirage...every time...
Is it just me or does pathfinder sound a little different?
1:23 the weak "Oh hey" gets me every time.
That scene with Mirage and Wraith gives me some serious deja vu vibes. I wonder why...
I love when they said "Not actual gameplay"
Damm
HUUUGEEE UPDAATEE IINCOOMIIINGG !!!!!
o , hi ash
Plz tell me she gonna have a skin with viper helmet
Amazing
Cool they added Pharah from over watch in the game.
2:05   Idk why I was so excited to see my boy crypto having some screen time and not just getting deleted    He got revenge from season 7 trailer     Also, I can't wait to see Johnny's reaction XD
かっけえええええええ
So the bow is confirmed
This animation style is so cool!
Wattson and horizons mother daughter relationship is awesome
0:56 位のオクタンくそかっこいいわ
mommy ash is back
It’s gonna be super fun with aim bot in the sky
best trailer yet keep up the good work
0:59 It would be cool if Octane made that sound when he ran past you
SHE SAID THE LINE.  PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE,PIPE
ワールズエッジ復活よろ
Welcome to the legacy of the Apex Legends. Welcome to the arenas.
So her ult is Northstars?
Good tone, good tone
Nerf spitfire
Sooo titan fall character are coming dope
2:13 Thank you revenant, very cool
I need valkyrie now northstar was my main titan in titanfall
nerf spitty
Lifeline nerf @0:22👀
Why does Octane keep dying in trailers XD
This is the best Apex trailer EVER, fantastic job Respawn!
the new wepon!!!! the bow and arrow i guess(idk the original wepon name) !
😂😂😂😂
Titanfall Fans Where You At?
Hey it’s Ash
Bruh this video actually made me cry its so good x) OOF
Season 2 Wattson: Reviving Octane Season 9 Wattson: Murdering Octane
are we going to have wall-running in this update?
オクタンかっこよ
Блииин, ролики очень нравятся, а игру удалил давно)) опять скачать,чтоль?
I loved so many moments of this trailer but I think the best part was crypto basically slapping horizon with his drone. That made me go “OOOOOOOOOOOO!”
MIRAGE VOYAGE ON OLYMPUS
Iam always legend 🔥😎
will Valkerye have a double jump as a passive ability just like Titan Fall pilots?
This was the best trailer yet!
I love the new animations
So this like a new game mode or a separate game altogether? 😮
select fire is comingg !!
Idk if I’ve ever been more excited for a season than now
Did I see octane wall running?
Баю бай засыпай шелли попадают в рай не ультуй не стреляй не ультуй не стреляй
Welp I gotta save up to unlock her now
Pack you bags we are moving to a new arena  -Mirage
Echo and Phara 2.0
Primero pobre octane Segundo .... Volvió el trío perfecto al ataque que lindoooo
Please let this be a Wattson buff!!! 1:03
1:26 - 1:33 this part was so cute I want wraith and mirage back :(
What happened in this trailer? I dont see a "new game"
Uh, Cooper? You missed one!
They ain't have to do my boi octane like that
My favorite trio, Mirage, Pathfinder, and Wraith
Notice how caustic never used his gas because its completely pointless anyways
Octane do be kinda fast dough 😳
See ya guys in season 9 oh gosh it’s starting
2:46 Ash...?
LOBA REWORK! IT LOOKS LIKE SHE CAN TELEPORT OR SOMETHING? Not sure, would need to wait for official patchnotes.
Idk why but seeing Rampart and Octane laughing while having fun killing each other is so cute...
Сделайте пожалуйста с впексом на Нинтендо свич там нет практически онлайна  надо как то народ завлечь в игру.
Что-то на очень крутом
So hyped for season 9!
OH YES!
That Octane chase was one of the greatest things I’ve ever seen!
ash?!
Yo Phara wrong game?
I really hope all of this is a build up to Titanfall 3
“Remember me”  Wraith hating on caustic cuz he served the frontier
Pk on ground???????
PK COMING BACK TO FLOOR LOOT CONFIRMED???
Hiii
VALKYRIE IS SOO FINE🥵
Geeeeez
IM IN THE PIPE 5x5!!! THATS WHAT SHE SAIDDD!!
1:27 sherrif from valorant?
1:00 Mabye some wall running will be added
The animation is way better than before and there was this gibralter lookin at her with great disbelief. He got punk'd.
ew go away ash i hate you boooooooo
so im guessing all these scenes are arena maps? like areas of the maps but modified with extra covers and paths?
The animation when octane was running made me coom
Of course, Octane gets killed almost immediately.
1:28 everybody that lands a headshot with skullpiercer
"All yours Darling" love that scottish accent
What about mobile
EPIC
Hey, what's wrong with path's voice? Sounds like voice actor got problems with microphone
We dont want this we want titanfall 3
Mirage is so chilled all the time😂😂😂😂😂😂
These guys love girls with short hair
Apex steps up their animations each season yet they can't step up Easy Anti Cheat or even deal with the cheaters issue smh
Octane buff??
完全にファラ笑笑
Okay this trailer is dope!
DUDE this is going to be awewsome
me like
Octane mains after the nerf: 1:11
Yo, when Ashe gonna be playable again?
please tell me her default is with her helmet on pleaseeee that viper helmet is way too coollll
I killed Ash yesterday. Just ripped her out of her Ronin and *SQUISH!*
Woooaahh !! I love this video, especially when I see the octane scene
" Oh great cool music this , this is so tragically calming when I'm about to die "
Don't even play anymore but this will take me back
I'm back y'all.
This is soooo cool!
yeah boi!!!!!
new legend seems like iron man
ALL OF MY DREAMS. THEYRE ALL COMING TRUE.
Me: This character looks cool  Pro players in the future: She strafe's a bit to fast and is ruining the game   Devs: It will be done my master  Me:.......
maluco que trailer foooooda <3
Lessgooo
I love how Mirage is the poster child for Apex 😂
Now I know why they said this is the BEST SEASON!! THIS LOOKS INSANE
2:25 The way she said brutallity reminded me of Kronika announcer of mortal kombat 11.
"Go beyond Battle Royale" I'm hoping for basic team deathmatch but I'm now concerned it'll be a mobile game or something.
Horizon completely failing to shoot the drone is way too accurate
Yo!!!!they should’ve come up with a netflix series at this point!super dope
The call back with the first trailer was good
Does she draw the bow the wrong way or is that just my ignorance?
Apex Legends the most hyped trailer Top 3  3. Season 9 2. Season 3 1. Season 1  change my mind
🔥🔥🔥 the music plus the animations, and the voice lines
The cinematics are incredible in this! Respawn has outdone themselves once again! I can’t stop watching!
Is legacy the last season of Apex
I think this is the best launch trailer ever
I love you
So uh..::I think I found my new main
Peace keeper out of the care package
Хоть в одном трейлере Октан кого-нибудь нокнет?
small arena 5 teams thats what i think
Fix the SERVERS!!
Это ахуенно
Can't wait to see some... Rather specific content 😂
O MY GOD
Hear that ringing in your ears, pilot?
the effects on octane's stim are amazing
speed is life
I can't wait to get bow headshot from 100 miles away
1:32他のミラージュが本体であってほしかった
No more Maggie announcer please!
There only one way to describe how awesome this trailer is: SHEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
Farah plagia
I really hope the animation team got a bonus after this! This is beautiful
Mirage vs Zane
WORLDS EDGE?
I love this soooooooo much 🤩🤩🤩🤩
I'm so hyped
2:45 ash
Ash... I know you'd be back, Legion time to lock and load.
Valkyrie is going to be on a whole other level of high ground. (Also the number of titanfall refs for this season is making me very VERY happy)
0:34, bad memories
That was so cool respawn, good job on the animation
I'm proud to be part of this community. Sky is the limit for this game. Hope movies or TV series is in the works one day.
2:04 new crypto finisher???
octane is always hype
woahhhh 🔥🔥🔥
aye they brought back the lil wraith mirage and path thingy from the 1st trailer respawn i see you the devs weren't high when they made this
No cap this is the best one yet
wowowoowowowowowowwoowowowowowowowowowowowowowowoowowowowowoowowwoowwo i love him
2:49 Ash? Is there you?
FIX SERVER
I like the scene with mirage
Everyone is gonna ignore how Bangalore auto fired with a G7 scout?
No cap that Octane scene was so badass
Respawn never failing to give us epic cinematography with their trailers. TV series anyone??
0:12 SHE SAID IT, SHE SAID THE THING
How can you say anything more than  “love it?”
HYYYYYYYYPE
I always love hearing Ash’s voice
Rip lifeline.
So they added phara to apex but with hanzos bow
This looked so different from the other trailers, yet better
great... another update...
0:21 bangalore was shooting that g7 like an r301 XD
Now this is epic
Wait so we have to deal w someone flying around in the sky now!
OH MY GOD!!! AAAAAAAAA
Really liking this style of animation
Awewo ❤❤❤
I’m scared Worlds Edge wasn’t in the trailer
So is the Arena gonna be somewhat like titanfall??...     Titanfall 3?!
I love how much the animation has improved!! Fun colors, playful motion, it looks like 3D kids movies done right (and for adults). I LOVE IT
The nostalgia of the first trailer came back once I saw path wraith and mirage.
Why does pathfinder sound different
Gooooo
Just make a tv series already
Gg for phones
Soon we will get an apex to show with this amazing animation
Can wait to drop people with the peacekeeper
I rule the skies
Even in this trailer, Wattson is cute
Why does EA hate octane
Fuse was tryna have a drink
Mirage bruh🤣
Pharah? Where?
Peace  keeper come back ?
I noticed that Caustic is killed in every trailer. in the eighth season, they seemed to be pardoned, at the same time making fun...
And yes mirage did it again wraith
LETS GOOOOOOO
Yo wheres rampart
YOU CAN HAVE THE GROUND I AM THE SKY <3
This almost makes me want to play Apex but oh wait, this game isn't fun not like back then in 2019
Best season launch trailer no doubt about it
Mirage lived again! Woohoo! :D
So your giving us a mini northstar legend and more of ash. Just give us titanfall 3 and quit teasing us
You journey end here pilot  The sky belongs to me  Nowhere to run  Nowhere to hide
Ash
quedé loquisimo
Ash~~~~~~~~~~~❤️
AMAZING
OK so I got a couple of things to say. *proceeds to turn into matter*
0:21 full auto g7?
yo, is it just me, or are the quality of these cinematic trailers just getting better and better!!!
神かな
Is it just me or does her helmet remind me of a stormtrooper one?
DALEEEEEE
This isn’t real I didn’t watch this valk has viper voice lines? It’s only down hill from here
I've been looking forward to this..
Really hope Ash becomes the next champ after Valkyrie
Dios mio la cantidad de hype que produce este trailer es sorprendente!!
1:49 AUCH
I love the new art style but dont make it more catton i dont wanz it to end like fortnite
Respawn never fails to mantain me up in your games man :)
This is the only BR worth playing.
Why do I think Ash is gonna be the new announcer?!
mirage is totally joey in this one
Wraith really had to do Caustic like that again, didn't she?
Pharah looking different here
Apex players: Yay, new season! Titanfall players: brace yourselves, titans are commning...
Not stealing any ideas but cough cough Pharah from overwatch anyone... Not like Horizon did use Zarya ult for her's 🤷. Maybe that's why Jeff left to join Apex to make new legends.
ARENA?!?!?!?!?!?
The BEST trailer
Apex: We aren't adding Titans.  Also Apex: BUT  a human with Titan like abilities and gadgets. Is perfectly acceptable.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! MI OCTANE. PORQUEEEEEEEEEE :(
GROUND LOOT PK!!!
Mirage will give me nightmares
She's got the helmet! Yes! She better have that in-game!!!
SNOW AND NEON CITY!!!  SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK
WoW it’s my favorite trailer. Well done
Ayeeeeeeee
Apex Legends : Titanfall's Legacy
Mirage is a whole other mood
1:04 That fence animation is so cool
0:44, this would be a dope finisher
Valk stealing Fuse’s line and using it on him at the end just solidified them as my two favorites by far
WHERE IS THE NORTHSTAR
Ash is definetily cpming in season 10
“I’m in the pipe, five by five” AAAH TF|2 SHIVERS
did valk just say "im in the pipe 5 by 5"?
This trailer's animation gives me so much season 2 vibes, and every legend is present? This trailer's ranking high in the list of apex trailers already!
Is this the return of the old rank series and rewards
1:00 wall run?
Justice rains from above~
Don't tell me new legend can flying?
I thought it's Moba
Back to the 180 Circletrack in Aim Labs to take down all the Valk Mains
Pharah from overwatch at the start
Literally Pharah from overwatch
yoooo titan bois
The call back to seaosn 1,5 by 5,Mirage voyage,a japanese legend and a freaking Bow  Officially the best reveal to a online multiplayer ever
Everyone got buffed
POOR OCTANE
Alrighty. Great hype
ARENA GAMEPLAY?!?!?!? Ayeeeeee
So valk is god when going against campers
1:29 not again
+1
Looking forward to play this
Loba needs to be shown in more trailer’s I love her style 😌
I'm so excited for season 9.The hype is high .
If we're getting a bow, it better down someone with a headshot. With skull piercer at least
Imagine using mm/dd/yy
Bring back disruptor rounds
Awful music.
This trailer is drip
0:21 is that a full auto scout or am I on sumthin.
Bring back disruptor rounds
Ash is back, nice
HYPE
And as usual Caustic dies in another trailer, I swear he dies more than Mirage :P
Kinda wish it was titanfall 3
Is no one gonna talk about how Crypto absolutely embarrassed Horizon by smacking her in the face with Hack at 2:06?
0:21 Automatic G7Scout does not exist it cant hurt you Auto G7Scout:
Octane dies       Again
Bring back disruptor rounds
oh wow im excited for the new map especially the new battle pass skins weapon skins and trackers holosprays  banner frames and finishers
I should really get titanfall
Played since day one. This game has evolved in all the right ways. Maybe one day we will get the Titan version.
Voodoo one, Valk on station. Your journey ends here legends. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
オクタンかわよ
NOOOOOOOOICE ..
Bring back disruptor rounds
NOT A BATTLE ROYALE THANK THE LORD
PEACEKEEPER YAY
日本人いまーすか？ 楽しみですねぇ！
それ強くね？
Best cinematic ever :)
watch me now
LETS GOO MAY 4
I got a theory: If you put pause at 2:09, you can see on the screen of bangalore on the left her « icon » in green I guess. It reminds me of the helmet of a pilot right ? And in the little lore animation with bangalore and wraith, she asks bangalore about a pilot. So now with this icon, can we suggest that Bangalore  was a pilot ? Or maybe she had a friend or a family member as a pilot ?
Bring back disruptor rounds
Sheesh
Octane: *Too slow amigos*  Seconds later  *Runs right In a trap* 😅
Apex season 0 movement abilities: pathfinder can slingshot you an insanely long distance quickly but takes skill to use Wraith can get out of fights safety consistently Apex season 7: pathfinder can still slingshot you a long ways but has a longer cool down Wraith: now can't consistently disengage safely Horizon can press q to make high ground for free and z to limit all movement from the enemy team Apex now: Parah from overwatch has joined the game
SUPERMAN
Me Singing thinking how I sound: Watch me now! Mirage Singing showing me what i actually sound like: Watch me noooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!
Bring back disruptor rounds
Ya know, I haven't been having much fun with apex recently, but legacy looks fire, I am hyped up
It's crazy that people still try to call this game bad
Alright this season is looking quite promising but I'm definitely gonna be liking valkyrie just because she looks badass but I think I'll like what her abilities will be especially she can fly.
Bring back disruptor rounds
Mirage has done karaoke in the middle of a fight Before?
I love Apex!!!!!! And this new Champ is so Awesome :^) Iam very happy when its time for Season 9:D
Ash what aphen
Yay more over priced micro transaction more hackers but still I sure do love Apex
Bring back disruptor rounds
To many strong fems for my liking. Along side the political propaganda this game has really gone down the tubes. EA/Respawn has surpassed Blizzard in taking advantage of gamers which is a hard feat.
Mirage is the best
Goooooooood
im gonna grind hard this season
The og squad is back together Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder
Anyone else wishes Crypto could actually hit ppl like that with hack
Respawn really knows how to make a perfect animation
Did the animation texture change?
I just wanna be able to transfer my account from my ps4 to my pc ....
Bring back disruptor rounds
When did Phara get a reskin?
Interesting
valkyrie is legit a rocket angel from Red Alert 3
Titanfall octane stim finally
0:47octane exciting！！
Wow new animation style nice
Bring back disruptor rounds
1:27 that's a scene from Mad Max Fury roads!
ok
Relationship between Wraith and Mirage is hilarious
Patherfinder  I love who ever made the game it your gf path
Here's the teams incase anyone was wondering: Fuze, Bangalore and Gibraltar Lifeline, Bloodhound and Valkyrie Rampart, Horizon and Wattson Mirage, Wraith and Pathfinder  Octane, Crypto, Loba, Revenant and Caustic weren't really shown with anyone so idk about them
0:57 rip octane's stim
i wacthed this new trailer 100 times.
So Jeff and pharah left Overwatch.
AMO ESTE JUEGO
Amazing😭😭
finally that wraith sweat got what she deserved
Is no one else talking about how octane wallran?  Also, every trailer up to this has been  "Apex Legends season (number) (season title)" e.g. mayhem, ascension etc.   This is just Apex Legends - Legacy..... Interesting....  Also the og season 0 squad is back together. Mirage Wraith and Path
For once crypto isn’t bullied in the trailer
so the legend flies?
Loba sempre tomando porrada pqppp
nice
ye sye yys
caustic does nothing and dies. Pretty similar to the actual gameplay ngl
fun fact: the same 4th...is may the 4th be with you
Sigh. So Oasis, best poi ever produced is getting wrecked.
¡¡LLUEVE JUSTICIA DESDE EL CIELO!!
2:13 as a apex player the way rev killed that wraith main makes me smile
Thats gana be the new weapon the bow
fake trailer, mirage didnt get shot
Wait, did Mirage live this trailer??? Also, why you got to do Loba like that??
OOOOOOOOOOH MYYYYYYYYYY GOOOOOD
와 개쩐당~~
Well done apex, you made another great trailer
Valk joined the game to outlive her fathers legecy - but keeps quoting him like a robot xD
odio patfinder lastimo a loba
dios
Yo that's Ash
thank you for not having mirage die this timeeeeeeeeee. also make a movie already
How come Valk looks cute in those trailer and not in her story trailer? Cus she look like a karen 🤣
Wow , 1 hour and 500k views interesting!! (⑉⊙ȏ⊙)
Это слишком ахуенно, чтобы быть правдой
Ayyyyyy
ヴァルク顔めっちゃ可愛いやん
Look at that amazing map
1:20 The original team is back in the trailer bois
Phara overwatch????
1:31 cute wraith
Caustic getting shot by wraith is a metaphor for the sweaty wraith mains nerfing Caustic into the ground.
Uhhh looks like you can't run trough Watson's fences anymore 🤔
Yo that revenant finisher on wraith 👌
Wooo what a birthday for me that’s gunna me sooo hype rn
Titanfall 2 goes brrttt
New game mode that isn't a battle royal? I will come back to this game if there is a mode that isn't battle royal.
Octane died again :(
Ahhhhhhh shiiiiii
This is sooooooooo far the best trailer I’ve ever seen😍😂
BOW AND ARROWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wraith protecting whats hers😂😂😂
It's not just me that thinks a flying character will be unhealthy for the game right? 😂
Is that new map?
that lifeline res animation y’all see it
excuse me, am I the only one that is confuse by the direction of arrow shot through fuse bottle? or is it just me?
いや、だからアリーナってなに？
Now this was cool!
1:53 The trio is back
THE ANIMATION IS AMAZING
Rip horizon
Ash?
1:04 PK GROUND LOOOTTTTTT FINNALALAYAYYA
1:28 remind me of season 1 trailer
Does this remind anyone else of spider man into the spider verse? Lol
ARENA IS PVP YESSS
It's a bit meta. Battle royale come from team death match mode and here we return to this and legend return to the pilote preparation program from titanfall
I thınk this game need fps jump aircraft
honestly i don’t really like worlds edge
0:39 hope she gets this finisher and does anyone know the song because it's awesome it's like it was meant for this trailer
Bro WRAITH is using an R-99 and a WINGMAN I'm dead💀💀
now we need to fix the matchmaking and put good servers @respawn
Wattson's too cute <3
Bring back disruptor rounds
0:18 FUSE BufF !?!?!@?!#@13
ash is back huh thats something to worry about in the near future
Pharah 2.0
The new animation is INCREDIBLE
Is anyone gonna talk about Wattson's fence 1:03
Bring back disruptor rounds
When I first heard wraith scream. 2:15
Loved that 0:12 aliens movie Cheyenne dropship reference from Valk (also popularly known from starcraft's Terran unit dropship)
Pharah?
SHE HAS A MINI FLIGHT CORE
Im from Japan   Unko,ochinchin   w
It doesn't matter if he's been buffed, nerfed, in the rain, shine or snow, Octane always gets his *hit kicked in everyone of these trailers.
I love Apex's gameplay, but could never get into BR loop. Having more gamemodes would go a long way and a good way to invite players that are not interested in Battle Royale.
ohohhoohohohhoohohohoh
Bring back disruptor rounds
Can you stop killing octane thank you in advance
Well it looks like fortnite version of Apex.
Poor Octane gets destroyed in every trailer now.
Why can’t they just all be doing this in the sim pods from TF1 and TF|2? No one actually dies and they get all the experience, if it’s recorded they can get impossible camera angles, so many things.
1:00 WALL JUMPS?!
BEST TRAILER EVER
Bring back disruptor rounds
1:48 can we just take a second, to appreciate loba getting smacked in the face by a METAL MRVN LEG?(, and .) for frame by frame
Im confuesd
Valkyrie already looks like my new favourite legend. Her backstory is cool, she can say the funny viper quotes and that skin with the viper helmet looks sick.
Yo this is dope, anyone else notice the Mirage Voyage loved that place on Worlds Edge Get ready almost time
全キャラかっこよすぎ！
THIS IS GETING BETTER EVERY DAY
this is honestly one of the coolest trailers in gaming as of late!!
Thats ash from titanfall2
That Was Literally The Coolest And The Best Launch Trailer That I Had Ever Seen For Apex Legends Until Now, Change My Mind
Pretty sure apex legends would make an awesome Movie At this point
Bring back disruptor rounds
Finally a cinematic that wraith dies
🔥
i dont get it, is this titanfall 3?
yoo this is amazing
Bring back disruptor rounds
broooo valk is insane!! 🤺
1:49 Man, Loba cannot catch a break.
valkery: "i own the skies"   **jack cooper and B.T. intensifying in the background**
Are they gonna add wall running ? @ 1:00 ? or just for cinematic purposes :S
0:11 Starcraft reference. Terran dropship response.
Man mirage will always be my favourite.
Bring back disruptor rounds
Gez this is the best trailer since season one
APEX ARENA SHOOTER LETS GOOOO
Can someone tell me what map that is when Valkyrie is sky diving right at the beginning???
*Impeccable*
Ash time
SHEEESH
Did anyone realise the lifeline revive shield Rez
Maybe Watson will be strengthened?  … I˙꒳ ˙)
again perfect trailer <3333
Is a new heirloom coming this season?
ノーススター再現するなら両肩からミサイルかな？って思ってたらマジで草
ash
Buff Mirage please!
Legit best season
Hmph. Horizon got outplayed by me.
This has to be one of the sickest trailers ever
Ok, That is huge!!
man i cant wait for all the valkyrie rule 34
Thee all  father has blessed us with this hype good luck legends see you in the arena!!!!!!🙏🏽
Apex legend trailer is always EPIC
8 + 1?  Respawn Ent: Legacy
Im so hyped
Not another women hero.... Game is becoming a sorority. Lameeee
DE LOCOSSSS
so...how many titanfall fans did the new event interest? (at least i know who i whant to play as in apex now) :)
Best trailer I've ever seen in Apex Legends
Did that G7 shoot 3 times?
So can we get worlds edge back
1:28 Nice callback. 10/10 for Easter egg
“I’m in the pipe, 5 by 5”     SHE SAID IT! SHE SAID THE THING
Valkyrie just hate crimed gibby holy
My guess is that it's gonna be more of a traditional shooter mode much like Titanfall.
new legend everyone: *pff* BOW everyone: *OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD*
By scrolling down the comment section i realized there are more viper quotes than jUstICe raINs fRoM aBoVe. This is a message to the apex community: your ancestors are proud.
That was bananas
YOOO IS THT ASHE
アッシュ、バックアップでもあったのかな あと、オクタンが公式で壁ジャンプしてるの草
ピースキーパー？
Best trailer yet  New"not black" character , the HYPE 🌹
I WANT an Apex movie
Just wauw
Im always hoping the devs notices how much i love this game and would hire me to voice the next Legend because my life means nothing and the only thing that keeps me occupied is Apex.
Jack cooper: got to finish what I started
Us Titanfall fans finally getting what we deserve
Now that FREE TO PLAY IS HERE ITS TIME TO FULLY ENJOY THESE GAMES
YO ITS ASH !!!
Lets Gooooo😁😁❤️❤️
OH MY GOD
If Valkyrie somehow Doesn't have a skin where im wearing the Viper helm ima actually be mad no cap  Other than that amazing trailer
I'm so excited to see ash again hail vincen dynamics also why did they bring the peckeper back also I love that you guys bring viper back in his daughter I can wait
This is best season trailer EVER!!!!!!
1:52 the trio :)
I just want world edge and the game will be better for me
Call of Duty Warzone new season trailer dropped at the exact same time. As of this post 50k views for Warzone and 489K views for Apex Legends.
1:46 can she get her heirloom already
These cinematic short are absolutely stunning. For non apex players... this will definitely turn you on to play! Keep it up Respawn!
So, it's canon that mirage sings Karaoke?
Run this on 2's and with a comic shading. You got into the spider verse but it's apex.
What does Wraith say at 1:32 anyone?
1:38 new hop up for RE-45??? The red tracers on the bullets
Octane doing the run and dodging bullets and doing the wall jump gives me goosebumps 🥵 0:57
좋다..
Holy molly, the way pathfinder knocks loba is hilarious
she’s already broken. Calling it now horizon 2.0
you think there also will be a ps5 version
Viper's Daughter Valk, Ash, the Apex Predators, I can't believe we're finally getting more titanfall related stuff
Bring back disruptor rounds
Coolest and best preview (in my opinion) yet!
The best cinematic yet (especially the part with my boy Mirage is soooo good)
Question is ash in as a legend as well so it’s a double legend this next season
Thank You Apex👏😢😢, Thank You...🙏😎
As a Vinson Dynamics boy, it makes me very happy to see Ashe again
0:55
So... Overwatch Pharah for Apex? I can go for that...
The hype is real and I‘m ready to own the sky!
Wow 😳 😯
Cinematics designers glutes must be hella thicc carrying the whole francaise for years.
1:44 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Loba and Horizon both got their sh** ROCKED, LOL
Respawn. This is why you guys are the best. This is why your Battle Royale has no equal. Fantastic work like always. 9 seasons running and I still get hyped every time you drop one of these! Bravo👏🏽
0:35 Justice rains from above!
Bruh they ever gonna do something with Worlds Edge or lol
Mirage the best
This is everything I've wanted! Apex isn't just a battle royale anymore, it's gonna be so beneficial to the game's longevity!
This has to be one of the best visuals trailer we’ve been given. 5 stars
Imagine crypto got a new finisher
MIRAGE lol
Я описялся
2:33 She said the thing
BROOOO RESPAWN ALWAYS BRINGS AMAZING TRAILERS! i got goosebumps!
fken mirage got me to spit my drink. 😂. on another note hearing wraith scream in fear is new
They had to edit out Loba's first five attempts to teleport
✨Sheeeeeeeeeeesh✨
This is how apex became the best battle royal game!!  CHEERS!
Ojala algun dia tragan doblaje latino a apex
Team deathmatch?
かっけえええええええ！！！！！！！
I didn't need a trailer to be hyped for arena mode, but this has sent me over the top.
is sad but now nobody is gonna play lifeline...
えぐいて～
Prolly the best one
Peacekeeper ground loot?
We build ash in season 5 and till now you use it
Best trailer I’ve seen so far 👏🏽
Caustic really can’t catch a break
I am just hoping for every legend to have a pilot ump kit but it in survival slot you have 4 charges for double jump you can hold on to the wall for 4 seconds colldown is 12
Apex Preadors Legacy - last i remember they were all killed by a grunt, not much of a legacy.
bro wraith died in the most brutal fashion
I hope she has a option to wear viper’s helmet
Alternate side title: Pathfinder beats up an orphan
I remember in the Valkyrie debut someone commenting that they really wanted to hear her say “I own the skies” and it happened so that’s pretty sick, also, the animation is just getting too _____ good
To slow amigos (20k kills) with octane more to come  One and only octane ❤️
VOODO-1, VIPERS ON STATION!
I'm new to apex, like 2 days new so someone tell me wth this is? New game or game mode? Or new map?
Titanfall things in apex promised  i think 5/10 on that part (all they put was ash in the end and northstar(the titan)- like character in the trailer)  but still want titanfall 3  now...                     i got an l-star to your head and not afraid to use it
Your journey ends here pilot  The skies belong to me
The freaky robo pilot from Titanfall 2 is alive?
They just put out Olympus and now we're on to a new map?? Why even release Olympus just to ignore it for 2 seasons and then move on.
C'est la vie 😂💯❤️
nice cant wait for valk to get nerfed in 2 days of release
Pls heirloom
So disappointed Wattson and co took oit Octane, missed opportunity for Valkyrie to overtake him and say "speed is life" before taking him down  Other than that, so hype
gamer
So Ash will be in a game with new legend now? so both new legends?
4月26日に始まるって事？
Now THIS is going to be fun!
Юхуу:)
Cool, another high ground legend that totally wont be broken and OP on launch
I needed to watch it twice its too good
Valk looks so much different from the other trailer
One of the best trailers ever!
justise rain from above?
Is that...Ash!!!
I really thought Octane would escape this time
Oh yeah she got the viper helmet
YES SIRR
wait don't you literally crush Ash to pieces with a titan in Titanfall 2? maybe she had a failsafe body
the peace coming back to floor loot and triple take going in the care package...I am really picking up them season 3 good ol vibes
So is no one gonna talk about Ash?!?
Is it me,  or do some of the characters voices souns diffrent
To slow amigo
Wait so what i saw for wattson is that the fences might be inactive until someone passes them then they activate
New game mode?
The fact that Pathfinder smacked loba with his feet.
I have a group project final that I have to do in engineering by myself and I have no idea what to do.. currently watching this to cope 😂
RE-FROZEN WORLD'S EDGE?! INFESTED AFTERDARK OLYMPUS?!
BROKEN LEGENDS
wowwwwwwwwww
This looks like the trailer for a movie
soo WHERE COOPER?
What is it with Valk and shooting glass bottles? Fuse and Blisk were just tryin’ to have a drink my dude
It looks like a whole new fricking game and the best game ever made, respawn knows how to hype me up
Mirage, Wraith and Pathfinder together is LEGENDARY
Ok I stopped playing apex but I think I'll return
ANIMATED SERIES NOW
Let OCTANE WALLRUN
I’m glad Ash is in the game, I missed her for so long
HOLY FK ASH IS ALIVE
Bloodhound: aparece Apex: que lo maten dice
Ash is back baby
2:46 respawn said a lot of titanfall references they were right. ( its not too unexpected tho because you know they make the thing)
SHEEEEESH THAT LOOKED INSANE
R.I.P Horizon who got smacked by a drone
The animation is such an eye candy.
Is it just me or does it seem they’ve just made the game more “generic” to appeal to more masses? I mean, the music choice and even lines the legends say just seem to have less personality.
the hype is unreal >:
Alr so Iron Man is the new legend LESSS GOOO
That Lifeline clip with no Rez shield :(
Oh my gosh
Season 2 is still the best.
We eating good
Why the caustic need's to die almost all the animations?
0:21 DOUBLE TAP IS BACK BABY
You KNOW this seasons going to be great when they put every legend in the trailer!
If yall could chill and just fix the game first， that'd be great。Thanks.
Fuze buff? Did you see the size of the explosion!
Me gusto mas como animaron el trailer en la temporada 3 esta animacion se ve muy como dibujada
So you’re telling me Pharah and Mercy had a baby and she joined the Apex games?
過去一クオリティ高くないか？！？！
She has viper lines. I am complete
Do we need this no, do we think it’s balanced no do we like it YES
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ok but I love the emphasis on every character’s abilities~
[broken comment]
Epic mirage dont die this time
where is the raven?
At 0:22, Bloodhound is reaching for a firearm from a downed position. New update?
I'm new into apex and I don't get what's the content is gonna be about. Are they going to be new maps, a new legend, a new mode?
PLEASE LET ARENA MODE BE RANKED
With Valk here,   *We can finally end the bloodline*
Ostia pu*a estoy casi llorando de la emoción
I really like this trailer, its like the trailer before in season 2, where everybody is shown. I really didnt like the season 4, 5, and 8 trailers.  Still, season 2 is the best trailer of them all
pathfinder with the save                1:48
best animation ever watched in my life
If she actually Flys I'm dropping 100 dollars
The sound effects... just everything is so good about this trailer! cant wait for the season to start
Season x is here and the world is destabilizing fast
I want to make clip video about this clip now , Let's go. SEE ME
HYPE
mirage wraith and pathfinder are the perfect team
Petition for stop killing octane in every launch trailer.
This looks great. Can’t wait.
3v3s will be so much fun
I'm so excited to play with the amazing movement and gunplay without being forced to use it in the context of a battle royale match
Mirage halo guns 🤨
Now I wait for legend cinematic shorts
Cool show gameplay
Wow this trailer is amazing guys 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Star wars 3 looks great
SO MANY BUFFS AND NERFS JUST FROM THIS TRAILER ALONE
for one happy moment i though this was viper from titan fall
面白いんだけどチーターどうにかしてくんね？＾＾
SEASON 9 HYPE TRAIN
*WE'RE GOING BACK TO WORLD'S EDGE WOOOOHOOO!!*
0:13       *SHE SAID IT SHE SAID THE THING!*
octane was op
HOW COULD THEY DO MY MAN OCTANE LIKE THAT
HYYYYYYPE!!!
Pog
наконец-то нормальные трейлеры
Best trailer yet  New"not black" character , the HYPE 🌹
:0
私は大砲よ！
XDDDD Ash with hair.
octane is dead guys press f
Take Jeff Kaplan with you
imma be honest, i prefer original ash from tf2
ASH?????
This trailer was amazing 👏 I love the hype for this one.  Still funny that 177 people watched the while trailer just to dislike it.
She’s allready my new favourite legend, I mean her back strofy is NUTS
Bro
Aha~
cant wait for the brand new map
IS THE PEACEKEEPER COMING BACK TO FLOOR LOOT? IF SO, THEN THATS WHAT IM EXCITED FOR
Please, give us cross-progression! I don´t wanna start all over after switching from PC to next gen consoles...
Oh boy this gonna be awesome
Am so excited for season 9..that was quick season 1 to 9 cool keep going
At 2:19 you can see fuze change the way the fire is
I just hope they rework Fuse's Knuckle cluster. Maybe if it had a shield breaker effect or if i could have two smaller ones that could also take out other Legends traps.
So looks aren't anima but the entire trailer is still kinda though
Man...if Valkyrie plays remotely like they show in the cinematic, i might just have to give Apex a second try.
so burst scout confirmed? 0:20 .
ЭТО ПРОСТО АХУЕННО
Pathfinder why do you kick loba
snow canyon
One of the best cinematic!
So awesome
Wow , incredible trailer. Hyped already
Every trailer a poor octane dies only you can donate to the cause for suffering octanes
new season 26s april???
Wraith: *literally exist*  Revenant: Your free living trial has expired
Yeah idk about this game anymore. Now you can have a full on jet pack?
That trailer was amazing!
0:34  Justice rains from above
For this seasons launch trailer I was hoping for a lot of action........  .....AND BOY THEY DID NOT DISAPPOINT
Waiting for mobile version btw, too poor for a good pc to run this game
huh a woman that flies with wings says that she own's the sky and shoots rockets sound very familiar...
Wow just wow👏😮👏😮👏😮👏😮👏😮👏
soundtrack is disgusting
nononono I specifically remember totaling Ash AND her titan. (Not that i'm opposed to ash coming back)
They got the squad from the first trailer lesss GOOOOOO😂
I had a feelin they'd use "watch me now" eventually
Is that a new map and I like how she came out of nowhere
Uh wattson buff?!?
2:05  horizon: "dude wheres the audio?"
I'm in the pipe. Five by five.  Heard this from the dropship in star craft.
hype
İts 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
First appearance of Valkyrie and last appearance I was shouting, “She said the thing, she said the thing!”
This is going to be a mobile game you guys, calm down
Actually what's in the trailers things and what's in the gameplay other things.  So Sad
love it!
Probablemente ya sea un poco tarde porque la reliquia de esta temporada será la de revenant, pero unos nunchakus sería algo que le pegaría bastante al personaje y luego podría dar mucho juego a la hora de insoeccionarla
so worlds edge is back?
pero que trailer más arrecho 🤩 como siempre Respaw sorprendiendonos belleza ya quiero que salga 🤩🤩🤩🤩🥳🥳🥳
Awe, poor path. He knows his girlfriend started the games & isn't over her.
So close to an animated series
Is it an Apex Legends Trailer without Mirage?     No
Just looks like fortnite now
Has no one realized that's Ash from Titanfall 2?!
Worldsedge back ?
don't you dare kick gibby you monster!!!!!!
BEST ONE YET
So a character who can fly? Hmmm i dont know
Do the characters look odd to y’all or is it just me?
This is the most expressive I've seen wraith be and I'm digging it
Niiiiiiiiccceee 😃
I like seeing more Titanfallness coming back
1:02 why my man octane always being outclassed
The character are the best part
1:50 future would be proud
bro why did all the budget go into the trailers
"In the pipe, five by five. I've got good tone "
1:43 L O B A T H I C C
Single shot havoc is back?!?!
ミラージュのセリフ最後に言われてんの好き
is that MF G7 full-auto?
“Your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me.”   Only real ones understand.
Amazing !!!
Genuinely was frustrated with this game (because of slow content release) and wanted to never play it but it's things like these that get me hyped like crazy. Well done Respawn and whoever works on making the game, and definitely improving it.
time for arena peeps
The mirage part is my favorite "Really mirage?!"
I swear if her ultimate is flying around and shooting rockets I might just quit tbh
Valk or Ash New Mains? Who knows but Damm good trailer
Wacth me nowwwwwww
wattson : *boop* octane : dies
Hype
The animation be bussin😫
調子はどう？アミーゴって 日本語で嬉しかった。。。
В конце , как я понял, подружка для Релеванта?
the animators should really make this a series
Ok... Let's take a minute to appreciate the animation respawn and apex got us🔥🔥🔥❤️😭😭😭LOVE IT TOO MUCH
See you soon in the arena
Why is no one talking about ash, are all the titan fall 2 players dead?
I love how Mirage is just having a party by himself 🤣🤣
“Time for a new game” *Apex turns into Titanfall 3*
Voodoo 1 Vipers on station, your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me, nowhere to run..... nowhere to hide
Me vuelvo loco.
0:34 - Justice rains from above!
Something about this apex trailer hits different
1:16 OKAY THIS IS DEFENITELY THE BEST TRAILER FOR A SEASON
DANG
That’s literally pharah from overwatch
I swear did I just see ash from Titanfall 2?!
Now there’s just enough titanfall for me to jump in, but only just enough.
Hype 😍😍😍
Did wraith.... die in a trailer ?
I’m confused are we getting 2 legends this season ash and val?
Give us an Apex movie already
Justice rains from above!
Time for a new game... Ok I'll play valorant :)
1:48 confirmed pathfinder is anti simp
New main found
I tought Fortnite makes good trailer and event but really apex is best
Love all the Viper from Titanfall 2 references.
the only best part of this is that wattsons plyons now count as a bouncy shock apex if you dont add will be mad
The animation is such eye candy.
Is it just me, or is it a bit frustrating that Caustic keeps getting smacked in almost every cinematic. I thought he was supposed to be smart lol.
New maps yey
let's see how it is armed in this season
😻😻😻😻🤪🤪🤪🤪
Everyone slow down the part where Pathfinder kicks Lobo
"C'est la vie " 1:11 <3 Wattson :3
Niiiiiiiiccceee 😃
EUGHHHHHH
Why did I see a Scout on Auto
I was thinking for some reason that we would get valk and ash this season,  maybe well get her for 10 though.
"Got them in the pipe 5 by 5"  Ash and the arena mode  The legacy of the apex predators   This is alot of things for a titanfall fan like me
I'm in love
Path looks bangable
My blood is pumping!!!!!!  Great job Respawn on your trailers! You really now how to hype people up
I just can't wait to see a movie with these graphics
Sinceramente de merecen una serie 🙏
Why did the art style change? Did anyone else notice that?
Hard into the spiderverse vibes
😍🤩
Good stuff right here. You should make a Movie about this game, Respawn
Cringe...
pleeeaaaaase put the pk on the ground
the og cinematic teams o.o
So what I’m seeing is no Titian’s
Why do you need to grind for Apex Predator, Just select it on the factions tab
A BOW?!?!?! ISN'T THAT FROM FORTNITEEEE???? 😳 😳
*YOU JUST GOT BLAM-BOOZLED*
вел кам
They really massacred my girl wraith like that huh
World's edge ♥♥♥
Goosebumps !!!!!! Literally!!!
I just died @2:14 hehehe
bow? for real bro? ninja gaming ikz
Kto pl
🦀 OCTANE IS GONE 🦀
ayoo thats slone from Titan fall 2
Ash blisk and valk 👀
I'm surprised she could find the wreckage of the post viper fight
I love the fact it paid a homage to the first trailer of this game
This is by far the most lore induced trailer yet and I’m completely here for it. This felt like a trailer to a series or a movie. It reminded me of how I see overwatch characters. They have so much character and you almost become connected with em or end up having a personal favorite but in my opinion, the trailers itself just shows how much appreciation they have for the game
I actually set an alarm for this...
Bro did they change thw voice actor for pathfinder?
Amazing job!
0:17 fuse tactical expectation  Reality: pop rocks
Apex I love u 🥺sos el mejor juego aunque como ya no tengo play hace meses no he podido jugsrte pero prometo comprarla el mes que viene 🤕
Wraith x Mirage canon
Bro did octane just wallbounce
"I own the sky" That's what your dad said Valk.  *Jack Cooper has entered the chat*
noice
As Lifeline main, I can't wait to get beaten up even more without the rest shield, but the new season seems cool...
So many different countries were at the premiere incredible this game is loved by the world! Live chat had every language being typed up, probably saying "buff this" or "nerf that" or "let's goooooo" what a sight to behold Respawn does absolutely incredible job of visual trailers and video game development. What a blessing to have a job title like that. Thanks to everyone at Respawn and EA and all others for making this game come together, it just works and especially with area mode... It's on and crackin'!
I’m getting back into the game when I get time again
Wo sind unsere Deutschen Apex Spieler! :D Wer ist genauso hyped?
Music: Watch Me Now by Tommee Profitt, Beacon Light
Just wait for Average Jonas Trickshots
nice... but you just need to fix invaild token error
This got me hyped af for the next season
I killed her father. T_T
1:50 Is it just me or is path's voice significantly different?
I'm interested in Arenas... But couldn't you have at least added solo BR before branching into new modes 🤷‍♂️
Caustic got DROPT
Why are we not using this visual style for the actual game? It’s timeless, and will never look dated.
Wattson murdered Octane again
Is that map worlds edge????
wait was that the lifeline shield buff i saw being sugested on reddit???
welcome to the arenas = Quake
THEY WERENT KIDDING WHEN THEY SAID ITS THE BEST SEASON TO DATE
Who thought adding a vertical flying middle launching character was a good idea
IM SOOOO READY
Cant wait
Welcome..to the Arena!
Medic pog
i hope they increased the vertical range on Shiela. Otherwise us Rampart mains aren't gonna have a lot of options to counter Valkyrie
Guess I'm maining valkrie
500k views y'all mad cute
God this is so badass
SEASON 9 IS GONNA BE SICK AFTER THIS, TRUST ME
me sittin here still waiting for titanfall 3
I agree with cheddar on thus
Gives me goosebumps... As always.
This was by far the best animated apex season trailer 😱
But the trailer from fuse good as Gold I guess it was better
so this is why war games is full of bugs. WORTH IT
2:06 Crypto heirloom confirm
Anyone feel like the animation got a little more cartoony? I like it
OH YEAH ASH!!!!
Anyone know the song name of the background to this part of art ? ♥️🧐
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh she's thicc
So the last character added was fuze now they're adding valkyrie and they'll be adding Ash later? Anyone see the problem here
this is literally the best trailer ever
Seems like they aren't calling it "Season 9" 🤔
The animation Is just 😘👌
As a Mirage Main, I approve of 1:15
"Watch me noooooooooooow" 🎤🕺🏼
Patiently waiting for Titanfall 3.
1:28 Is a subtle reference to what the devs did to Caustic
Ash
Hey apex quick question will the peacekeeper be floor loot again or will it stay as a loadout drop weapon
0:20 - is that burst fire mode for the G7 Scout? o.o
26.04??? The Saison ends in 12 days or not
Hey whoa, lobas tactical work, does that mean it’s fixed?!
Ok so
Niiiiiiiiccceee 😃
I love how different the trailers are from the actual gameplay.
Horizon is carrying a peacekeeper so my guys the pk might be a ground loot weapon again!
WTH THIS LOOKS SO COOL
Peacekeeper be ground loot again yay
NorthStar mains from Titanfall 2 rejoice!
Now how is blisk okay wit dis
OOOOO IM SO EXCITED
Ngl I was really hoping to see Valk vs Horizon
so ash is basically metal astra  a ok
So to recap on the ideas on this new update  The new character is coming: she can fly, shoot rockets and we are either getting a new gun for a bow and arrow or that is one of her abilities.   Watson is getting a massive buff in her fences in terms of damage and viability,  Lifeline may be getting tweaks to make revival more balanced since she seems to be reviving people as normal, but they are using their knockdown shields. Fuse is getting a buff to improve his knuckle cluster  Mirage and Wraith may have new and improved viability in terms of their ultimate  Caustic, Horizon and Rampart and Revenant probably won't get any changes.   Either a new map or renovations to World's Edge  And we are finally getting into the juicy politics and stakes behind the Apex Games now that other faction leaders seem to want more control over the absence of Blisk.
これって ピースキーパー帰ってくるんかな？
yoooo what we getting 2 legends in one update again? iDEK, IM JUST HYPED! animation team just crushing it as always!!!
wait arena have audiences... ash asked whos next in the quest.... is this gonna be a tournament style 3v3
WAW 😮❤️
Umm, this reminds me of the copy me but change it a bit so the teacher doesn’t know thing between Pharah and Valk, she’s really cool though 🤷🏻
Pathfinder based
Why have they not made and apex legends series yet!!! It would be too good.
オクタンのとこめっちゃ好き(^ω^)
The animation
it is called legacy because its going back to the lore of the games that made the universe of apex. Titanfall and Titanfall 2
0:35 : Justice, rain from above
1:00 WALLRUN CONFIRMED TITANFALL 2 VIBES **HEAVY BREATHING**
We see Wattson fence not activated at first but it turned on automatically when Octane runs between two nodes. Could this be a rework?
Waw
Ohh me vengOoOO
I love how they included every single legend in the trailer😊💞
who is that pathfinder
The moment when Horizon used Pk: 😃, because she uses it all time so it propably means it is gonna be it is finally GROUND LOOT!!!!!!
I don't think the realize the thing we want from titanfall isn't the pilots its the giant mechs.
Ok this time mirage didn't get killed
SHE SAID THE THING SHE SAidisydtusIDHUWHEUWH  Also this is my favourite trailer THE ANIMATION ?? THE LEGEND INTERACTIONS ?? JUST WOWOWOW
wonder if arena is something like a 1-life big-team-battle
POG
Pobre octane siempre lo matan
My,   Fkn  Face
And they say horizon is op /:
They keep topping themselves with these trailers!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
I got goosebumps...
Lets gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, good trailer. im exited for the new seanson :D
1:44 PVでも雑魚のローバ😭😭
the chills is crazy
WOW! I love it 🤩❤
wow ....ash....
Thats what i'm talking about Respawn ! ☺
Nahhh! This is probably the best Apex Legends Season trailer till date.
1 billion likes , cant wait
It's sad I won't be able to play this. Anyway Enjoy all
The King of Game Battle Royal.. 👌
I like the way that her passive alone can easily deny like most ults in the game.
Who else noticed wraith had pupils?
That was Aswommme x A million x doppppex Apex Predators
"I'm in the pipes 5 by 5"  She's Viper's little girl alright!!!
The part where octave is running sounds like something that The Russian Village Boys will make
“You call yourself Legends” We’re legends am I wrong gamers?
2:20 the fuze fire is sus
20 mins later and still has goosebumps
кринж
The. Mirage seen when he said oh hey the part after that is when in season 0 mirage saves wraith from Bangalore
Эш
been saving crafting mats for some valkyrie skins I cant wait
oh well, at least they bangalore is not a bodybag in this trailer
I'm freaking out
Pk floor loot conformed
AHHHHHHH
A "pilot"? Pfft! This word used to mean something...
Octane wall run buff anyone
It just gets better every season,man i love this game.
This Is Gonna Be A good Season
きたぁぁぁー
Who is hyped for Apex Legends Mobile!!
Pk back as floor loot??
When Valk kicked Gibby like that...       ...she's a monster.
かっこいい！！ very exciting
@0:12 I understood that reference.
I'm so hyped for what looks like a neo night city in the background too🤩🤩
I got recommended
Is that Pharahs rocket barrage?
Path drop kick tf out loba
Octane stole the show. Don't @ me
Im gonna buy the new legend I like her bow
LESHGOI
1:49 loba lol 😂
Wheres Maggie?
That whole octane section was hype af like man 🤘
It seems like the new map is based off ashe’s simulacrum from TF2
Hopefully and put better things in the battle pass
This season is going to be lit
1:40 beautiful animation 😘👌
Sou epic epic epic epic EPIIIIIIIICCCC!!!!
Cringe AF
WATCH ME NOOOOOOWWWWWWW
The fact it says Beyond Battle Royale and Pathy says he loves this new game mode, gives me great hope.
In season 9
No other game has a launch trailer at this quality, Respawn is doing a good job again.
Say leeeeeeessssssssssss
As a Crypto main, 2:05 is literally me teasing enemy teams with my drone
Ponganle condón, PORQUE SE VIENE LEGACY LA PTM.
Mirage always have me weak
Pathfinder ain't no simp😂
So the Karen have a bow and a jetpack but the question is, it's she always flying?
04.26.21 Can't wait to play Titanfall 3
Who all remember wraith killing caustic in 1st trailer and also  mirage , wraith and path the legendary trio.......
WHOOO ISSS SHEEEEEEE!
BOW AND ARROW? SIGN ME UP
Yey 3 mote day to go
Oh baby 🤤 LETS GO!!!!
Why does octane always die in these 💀💀
Peacekeeper ground loot season 9?
Devs took a shot at you crazy Octane mains. First in and first to die.
this looks soo fun
Lets go..
Ash anyone?
0:12 is that female viper
Every time I try to play it won’t connect 🤷🏻‍♀️ I have missed several seasons now because of this 😂
Best trailer I’ve ever seen
0:12 I think a lot of Titanfall 2 players recognize that helmet, right?
LESSSS GOOOOOOOO
I love wraith
So we're seeing 3 maps, one looking like a snow map, one that almost looks like kings canyon, and a arena map
LETS GOO
Pathfinder with the save 1:48
I still waiting for Titanfall 3 but I will play this season legacy
Bloodhound being knocked  and not dead immediately is the first time Respawn has given them more than 1hp
2 things I noticed. Peacekeeper might be coming back to regular pool of loot, and Wattson's fence might be able to be turned on/off to actually trap people!
The Arenas
0:34 "Justice rains from above!"
They really violated my boy octane
Audio and servers fix when ?
It’s always either Bloodhound isn’t in the trailers or Bloodhound is in, but getting destroyed by the other legends. Gotta be the devs most disliked legend
So does this mean a new map is coming?
Hope it fun
yay, Caustic and Octane died. again. y u hate them so much?
あっヴァルキリーってそゆこと(納得)
I mean we already know all the legends now atp y’all dropping ones with finished models mk
"Your journey ends here, Pilot. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. "  -Viper
This animation hurts my eyes
That “5 by 5” comment she made at the beginning made me so irrationally happy.
So apex u gona bring put multiplayer or no
Mirage survived 😎🤙🏻
Hold up, a bow?!
HYYYYPPPPPPPEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1:51 "I love whoever came up with this new game!"  Poor Pathy, it's his ex-girlfriend 😭
E P I C O
Valkrie: talking about how she's the eye in the sky Cryptos drone: 👁️-👁️
cool~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I’m shivering
cant wait bro
SEE YOU ALL IN A NEW MAP UNTIL THEN BYEE
if she doesnt have her helment on in her skin i will be angy. I WANNA PLAY AS A PILOT NOT A LEGEND
楽しみすぎる！！
オクタンカッケー 大好き
Pathfinder's voice is different...🥺
Ash
best launch trailer yet
ASH SEASON 10
Is the game good now?
New main?
Hey Valk...I killed your Dad, just wanted to say sorry
I am breathing
Viper will be an instant meta hero
It was already time for good season holy shish
woah thank you respawn ^^
best trailer ever
just this trailer alone might get me back into apex legends
Of course Wraith is using R99 and Wingman
Well, time to reinstall the game
I just got an Idea, what if octane can wall run when he uses his stim!
Apex is so diverse and left winged that caustic represents the only toxic straight white male in the game. He literally uses toxic gas.
2:04 Volt bust
Starts on my birthday.
And here I thought it was coming with season 9. Now we gotta wait another month
so were gonna have an iron man??
I don't care what anyone says this is the coolest season as a Titanfall fan.
Hope that Ash is going to be a playable char one day
Valkyrie and Ash look cool but-  Mirage was the highlight of the trailer.
may be the BEST TRAILER i have ever seen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WE WANT A APEX LEGENDS FİLM ON NETFLİX !!!
cyberpunk???
Wait mirage didn’t die?!?
wolds edge??
YOOOOOO
Ah I cant wait for a new season of .exes
These animations are so superior
this gave me goose bumps fam
Yo pharahs in apex legends
Nice animation! Season 1 cinematic flashbacks (AND WHO NEED THIS FREAKING LEGENDARY ITEM!?)-[Pathfinder]
ヴァルキリーはもちろんのアビリティで弓矢そしてアシュがアリーナのアナウンス役なのかそれともレジェンドとしても出るのか楽しみ
Mirage will never stop stealing the Show !❤
When is ash gonna be release bro I've been waiting ever since the olympus thing bro
1:49 path ain’t no simp 😤😤😤🥶🥶🥶
this is my new favorite trailer
ужасный трейлер, я ожидал чего-то лучшего, думал что наконец будет трейлер, который станет лучше, чем трейлер с ревенантом.  Если объективно, ужасные дешевые 3д модельки, ужасно все проработано, выглядит отвратно, даже смотреть противно на такое. Надеюсь, что хоть сам сезон будет не таким ужасным, как трейлер к нему! Хотя л стар в бп уже о многом говорит.
Bocek bow go brrrr
why does the song remind me of something written by kevin abstract / brockhampton?
We finally got our pilot legend
Rip octane
1:42 SEASON 9 MOST HYPED UPDATE:       Loba’s bracelet actually works (but probably won’t)
Fortnite is still better.
Videonun Türkçe altyazılı hali kanalda hazır olmak üzere. Abone olmayı unutma.
New map go brrrr
0:12 did i hear a star craft reference¿
I’m a wee but late
Wait so are we going to play the legends when they used to look super weird like back in season 1..?
These animations deserve an ✨Oscar✨
they always disrespect my man caustic
2:06 my boy crypto doing us some fan service
Yay, daddy's voicelines.
they never disappoint
Can I get a chupapi munano
ktkr
WOOOOOOH! Man the animators worked their bums off ti improve the animation
Why didn't Octane just wall bounce seriously
I cant believe Phara is the next legend!!
THE BOW IS A NEW GUN OR HER SKILL? THAT'S MY TIME!
Por dios q trailer para iniciar una nueva etapa y cerrar el numero de temporadas y abrir sesiones con nombre...10 de 10 esta ves y q rica esta valk
Bruh I hope Ash is our next legend. She looks dope af
THIS IS INSANE
Got them in the pipe 5 by 5, SHE SAID THE THING WOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
酷喔
Where is  titan falling from sky???
Its pharah !
I love wraith is like: Mirage; really, again? implying that this happened before.
Pause at 1:38 and look at wraiths face🤣. Right when she gets in frame 😆
Look AMAZING
✨GO BEYOND BATTLE ROYALE✨
So is that a buff to Wattson fences I see in this trailer?
I'M SO GLAD I FINALLY GAVE APEX A CHANCE. I was hesistant to play before but I'm hyped uppp
I love it
Nice
Too bad they can do this but not fix the solo queing bug....
need a montage of Mirage doing horse dressage under the visage of espionage
Respawn really knows how to hype us up huh
very poggers
I like how we have two legends related to Titanfall characters. Mirage being the nephew of Droz and Valk being vipers kid and now we have Ash back. I'm honestly happy that the lore of Titanfall and the apex is being expanded through this game.
LETS GOOOOOO!!!!!
Just make Titanfall 3 already.
IM SO HYPED FOR IT
Loba: “🗣Where’s the Audio on pathfinders zip line?”
I think Respawn is gonna slowly turn this game into Titanfall 3 to demand the respect of gamers and trick them into loving the formula of the best shooters of all time
U if apex could implement a day and night cycle that would be so cool
2:14 to 2:17 ash???
THE WRAITH AND MIRAGE CALL BACK FROM THE VERY FIRST TRAILER WAS SO CUTE
I dont think flyers in apex is ok.
I don't think apex know how physics works with that shot at the bottle
Theres no words to describe the chills
Starcraft reference at the start?
When I was a kid,I'd get home at 5pm just to watch an anime I grew up with dragonball now as a full grown adult i still the same butterflies when I get home after a long day from work again at 5pm just to find this trailer waiting for me...respawn is seriously wasting talent here imagine an apex legends series with the same exact content and lore.
Poor Caustic, plz make him badass in at least 1 season of all thease Lanch trailers
The best trailer of Apex I've ever seen😍
It’s gonna be the best season
I love that wraith, mirage and pathfinder are still squad mates :)
Biggest smile on my face rn
this game keeps getting better and better
Who want to play!?
0:58 I swear I almost saw Horizon fell stepping on it.
wow
Jack Cooper: "Ameteurs"
1:15 You gotta love good old Roger Craig Smith
What's the weapon skin Caustic is holding?
we need Team Death Match and GG IZI, good bye COD
楽しみ
Yey more .exe
She makes me so proud
Let's the games begin Legends
How to defeat fortnite Season 6 cinematic in only 3 minutes
00:14 - Does Bloodhound look like they are using the Gunrunner perk from Titanfall 2? 00:21 - Return of the Double Tap Hop-up 00:22 - Lifeline's passive looks like it replaces the D.O.C. Shield with the Knockdown Shield  00:51 - Is Peacekeeper back on rotation? 00:59 - Can Octane wallrun / walljump when on stim now? 1:41 - Mirage Voyage crashed among skyscrapers. New Arena may be taking place in Solace City? 2:10 - Arena location based in King's Canyon? Looks like the Repulsor POI but I can't recognize that tower/rooftop 2:15 - More of Solace Arena ft. sweaty Wraith main 3 seconds before DC 2:18 - Those are some crazy stats on Fuse 2:20 - Arena based on World's Edge?
Overwatch wants pharah back
The whole thing is so lit
次ので一気に環境変わると良いね～。 こういうの見ると一気にワクワクしてくるわ。 後はチーター共を一掃するだけやね！！
Now that's what i call the "WOW" effect!
THIS IS SICK MAN
PATHFINDER
Man i wish they put as much effort in their servers as they did on their trailers. Kudos tho this looks very exciting.
Everybody gangsta until Pathfinder gets serious...
Somehow mirage part was still the best in the trailer 💯
かっこいいい！！！かっこいいい！！！！
New map i think 😃😃😃😃
1:03 Watson buff... I guess her fences will be able to slow people down or something... the scene after it also hints that the peacekeeper is coming back although its not garunteed...
The BEST trailer so far omfg
Sheeeeeehh this is mind blowing
SHE SAID THE THING
Voodoo 1 vipers on station
No wonder why it's my favorite game
This animation is amazing
GUURRL WHY ALWAYS BLOODHOUND IS ALMOST DEAD IM EVERY TEASER
Mirage and Wraith better be getting some more interaction in-game! Also that trailer was awesome!
she reminds me of kai'sa
Bloodhound died in the trailer, again...
Ash season 10 ?
1:07 So we can now on/off the fences ?
why am I hyped like a little baby
The animation is different somehow
esta va a estar god
1:15 All i hear is Wocky SLUUUUUUUUSH
Everyone: killing each other.  Mirage: *watch me nowwwwwwwww*
Best trailer yet
EPIC, but stop the octane abuse ;-;
Gonna make some bets 1. Valkyrie passive is just like pharah(from overwatch) passive 2. Her ult is her mini titan 3. Her abilities maybe fire some rockets 4. The new weapon is litterly a bow
Arena.
I knew they were gonna add a legend that flies  edit: were
wow
Sheeeeeeeeesh
I love how Valkyrie's lines in this trailer are all based on his dad's lines in Tf2, she even sounds cocky just like Viper.
Ash can really catch these hands tho no kizzy
Why does Octane get clapped in every Launch trailer? As an Octane main myself, i demand an explanation.
Better Servers!!!
Valkyrie walking around in Viper's helmet is just straightup fan service.
تیر کملن
I love Octane even more now
Valk saying I'm in the pipe 5 by 5 bring back memories
In 2:28 when nordstar shoots from bow to fuse bottle, he's like: >:(
BOOOOOOWWWWW
This trailer and is so unrealistic... so you telling me that Lobas bracelet actually worked? 1:43
So good!!!! Can’t wait!🔥🔥
🥶🥶🥶
Hopefully when you use those missiles with Valk, she has that same horn sound when Viper used his missiles in Titanfall
team: "let's take the high ground" Valkyrie: "I am the high ground!"
0:39 poor gibraltar 🤕😓😭
لبى آش
Así se presenta una nueva seson 🤤😎🔥🔥♥️
I love it
Yo ash looking fine
YOOOOO, Titanfall players that remember Ash, where you at?
new game mode pog
Nice one. Very nice
Beyond battle royale? Hmm
The pacing of the first minute is so action packed I love it
"Flight core online"
I love that they pair up Mirage, Wraith and Path again because they're the OG squad from the first trailer and it fits because we're going LEGACY boiisss
Apex te amo :3
Gets better and better 🔥🔥🔥
Это самый крутой трейлер
WHERE ARE MY TITANS?
whos the last character at the end? never seen her before
Incredible
I'm living for these trailers ❤
Sheeeeeeeeeeeesh
It looks like there's a phase walker in worlds edge 😳
So this is Live Fire 2 electric Boogaloo
🔥
HYPE AF u brother!!!
I have a good feeling about this season.. Almost like my season 3 hype, but not quite.
am i the only one that thinks ash will be s10 legend?
AMAZIIIIING
Is it snowing on Olympus?
THE PEACEKEEPER IS BACK
New map oh my godddd
Yooo I think they actually did the knockdown life life shield idea
The skies belong to me pilot, nowhere to run nowhere to hide.
Anyone else notice how Bangalore was firing the g7?
Viper, yes  Valkyre :no
0:12 SHE SAID THE LINE GUYS SHE SAID THE LINE OHH MY GODDDD!!!1!
Please bring back select fire for the Havoc 🥺
Ash ;  focus, fight , win
ьььььььььььььь
The character models looks the same but there's something off about them, idk what.
yo bois peacekeeper is coming
Nooooo octane!
Is pk coming back?
Не черта не понял
Soooooo about that animated series?
VOODOO 1 VALKYRIE ON STATION YOUR JOURNEY ENDS HERE LEGEND THE SKYES BELONG TO ME NOWHERE TO RUN NOWHERE TO HIDE
ASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BRING A TITAN IN THE GAME 🥺🙏
This was the best Apex trailer yet!! 👁
lifeline nerf seems interesting  0:20
I think a good Rampart buff would to allow her to be mobile with Shiela. To then give it properties like in Halo, where if you detach it from its mount, it has an ammo count and you move slower with it.
Every legend being cool and fighting , - mirage: posing in bar and singing
飛んでる姿アイアンマンみたいだ
So far so good just see hardly anything of new legend a potential for Watson fences to not be walked through and octane having some smack fuelled adventure through crates and I hope valk can actually fly like that
Mirage 😂😂😂
best trailer yet no doubt
Im gonna cry this is so beautiful 😭😍
LETSS GOOO this trailer looks amazing
Peacekeeper better come back man
Hope they will put more resourse on anti-cheat, RANK just get ruined by those cheater.
Mirage 😑
Valkyrie really will basically repeat all of Vipers lines, huh? Good. They're all iconic.
Hollywood: I think it’s time for a apex movie.  Apex creators: YEAH! Hollywood: in cgi Apex: oh no :(
Im in the pipe, five by five - i remember the starcraft 2 medivac lady using this as a quote as well xd
Sheeee Ash with to new cut
YOOOOO im speechless why was that so FIRE?! loved it as a trailer, whole new level, can't wait to see what's in game. props on you respawn
LOOKS LKE VALKCAN EVEN FLY FORWARD? THAT WILL BE GREAT
So is Ash finally coming?!?
00:18 Fuse tactical looking like actual bombs and not fireworks lol
If those different locations are arenas I wonder if that night map is smathy
Ash got the fade 🥶
Flight Core Online.
why does every new season come out on the 4th its only the 4th never 5th or 3rd
This reminds me of Northstar or viper in titanfall 2
We need TF3
Bow looks pretty nice. I wonder how it will translate into the gameplay.
What a lovely trailer ! 🤩
Лайк не глядя
надеюсь миротворец будет на замел мастифф уже по горло
The TF fan inside me is shaking it's head in approval
Bangalore still underrated ffs...for like 8 seasons, except season2
JUSTICE! RAIN FROM ABOVE!
It looked like double shot is coming back
YOOOO sickest trailer by far I’m a HUUUGE fan amazing job respawn 😆🔥
I like how viper says “ I got in the pipe, five by five” and she says the same thing, TITANFALL FOR  LIFE BABY
😍😍😍😍😍
Nice
PEACKEEPER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got Pharah vibes from her.
BOYS THE PEACEKEPPER IS COMING BACK
Hi Fara
1:12 she speak french😳
I like how they are going in with the lore
so basically, the pharah of overwatch? lol
I think i just busted
Meanwhile Europeans waiting endlessly for the 26th month.
You disrespect the French community 😭😭😭but we love the game
Pharah?
Octane bounced off a wall for 3 frames, therefore wall running is 110% confirmed
Feels like a show
0:12 she said it guys!  Also 0:40
IMAGINE IF THIS WAS A SHOW
Nessie 1:33 in the hot tub
This is their best trailer so far, and that's saying a lot! Awesome trailer, even more hyped after seeing this! See you in the arena fellow legends! ⚔
Great job on this wow. You guys never fail to impress with the trailer. ALL ABOARD TO THE HYPE TRAIN And let's be honest, mirage stole that show 😂😂😂😂
did anyone notice lifeline not resing bloodhound
かっこい〜〜〜！
This is bad the game is going hard with little northstar I’m already seeing the many death of me losing from northstar
PEACEKEEPER GROUNDLOOT LETS GOOOOOO
Will we get 2 legends i hope so
"i own the sky" I NEVER SCREAM SO LOUD IN MY LIFE
If only I had team ate that work this good together
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO POG POG POG POG POG POG POG
Voodoo one. Viper on station. Your journey ends here pilot- the skies belong to me  Nowhere to run... Nowhere to hide.
0:51 select fire back ????? or sing mode for havoc
Overwatch rn:👁👄👁
Is that a new weapon?
looks like wattson rework
AW YEAH THAT WAS EPIC
u wot mate
okay so Olympus is getting a frozen makeover, we are getting world's edge back and what else can you guys spot?? '
0:21 fully auto g 7?? I’m confused
Talking of Legacy I recommend yall go download Titanfall 2 and give it a go... Best FPS ever in my opinion easily!
Freeze frame at 2:00 and you get an ip addres is egypt... new nap maybe?
That's Viper Jr
😍🥰
Loba ..ha ha😂😂🤦
the enemy of titanfall is still alive can not be
0:34 AKA Justice rains form above
Is... is PK coming back to the ground? :O
FIVE BY FIVE
ヴァルキリーかわいいやん！！！！！
ok and?
I see path still simping ash
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOF
The new rong of loba look so cool!!
time to uninstall apex
The animation looks different but it’s fine
the visual fx are sickkkk
YOOOOOOOOOO
Boss titan fall 2 she no dead
Season 9 hyyyype till i remember my man octane getting a nerf he doesnt deserve
1:16 such an angelic voice  (also play it 0.25 speed lol)
Best trailer since season 3
LETS GO
Not sure if I like the new animation style I like the new movement and everything it looks Gorgeous just not so sure on the new models cuz it feels like some of them changed
Yall really like rappers
justice, rains from above
So nobody's gonna talk about wattson  fences?
Wow, Imma just keep on watching this. Nice job Legends, see you in the Arena.
is that ash from Titanfall 2????
That trailler is filled with pure apex legend energy
Season 1 Trailer Team still going at it <3 Wraith, Mirage, Pathfinder
Don't get me wrong, it's the best trailer yet but respawn answer this....WHY IS BLOODHOUND ALWAYS GETTING WRECKED IN EVERY SINGLE TRAILER? HES A FAN FAVOURITE, GIVE HIM SOME MORE LoVE YIKES GUYS! :(
Les gooo mirage is alive
Watch all the season trailers to see how not to play Octane
Everyone: horizon is broken Respawn: meet Valkyrie
Wall jumping?
the map that has mirage in  it is so nice
Are we getting two legends ? Man that 🥵 🔥 I’m hyped
Peacekeeper ground loot ?
0:29 Third Party.
they did my boy bloodhound bad he a hunter and he being hunted
Hey titan, where have you gone?
Puede ser pa?
Wow
Ahora si se la  sacaron
0:21 is that the knockdown shield rework for lifeline?
YOO LES GOOOO
Did anyone else noticed the different animation style?
best trailer yet
I’ve got u in the pipe five by five
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH   LPM
Wraith and marage again
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
1:15  Worthy of a Grammy
pk is a ground loot now ?
IS THAT OLD WORLDS EDGE I SEE?!?!
This trailer is hype af.
Hypeee
So many Viper voice lines I love it
2:04 that was pretty cool you must admit.
Can't wait for this season's 3:00 AM gameplays
This trailer is awesome, 10/10, but I don't really anything in here to suggest this Arena mode is going to be much different from the regular battle royale mode. Ah well, guess that what the gameplay trailer is for.
Mango
අම්මෙ ඉතින් ගැම්මක් තමා❤️😌✋
Would like a new shotgun
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOh. spicy
as far as my imaginations works, seems like all the legends in this trailer gets killed in 1 shot, so this might be the new arena mode ? with quick respawns ? sounds FUN ! <3 btw, the octane part looks a lot familliar , remember need for speed carbon  trailer ? when the police shot those cars with EMP ? amazing <3 !!!
Amazing trailer I'm just upset with the changes to ashs appearance
Can't wait to play Valkyrie!
Trailer WOW
Compound bow!
PHARAH IS IN APEX????? DEF REDOWNLOADING
RIP Lifeline
If Valkiry doesn't wear Vipers helmet on default, I'm gonna be mad.
am i the only one to think that the animations are getting too    *close to PERFECTION*
0:20 you can use knockdown shield on lifeline revive?
ohhh yes baby. finally a bow and arrow
Hoho u got me hyped amigos
Mama mea
It would be cool if ash's face shoves in the screen when cheaters gets banned
This is the best trailer of Apex's History ! The animation is insane i've never been so hyped
PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE PIPE
The coolest season trailer ever seen
YOOOOOO!!!!
Also is this bow confirmed?
1:15 talk about enjoying your own company
as long as its skull town
New map?
Peacekeeper ground loot back???
"I'm in the pipe, five by five" SHE SAID IT BOIS, SHE DID IT **LOUD AIRHONK**
"Your journey ends here, Pilot. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide." -Viper
Goooooosebumps
毎回ドキドキさせてくれるな
THIS. tHIS IS A  BADASSS TRAILER!!  NOW APEX GAMES HAS ALISA !!
Minute 1:02 look at my boy with his drone haha
Mirage is my spirit animal.
can yall please make a apex legend tv show
Trailers are getting better and better
Aweseome that's what I'm talking about lol
WALL JUMP???  Are we getting wall jump?  **Excited murmuring**
Arena hype!!!!
wattson :"c'est la vie", moi je dis, Vive la france mdr !!
So cool can’t wait!!!
yooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Costicc never geds love 🙈
So when is respawn dropping a full length Apex Legends : The Movie ?
0:42 So she just gonna disrespect Gibraltar like that
Deeeeen Amezing
Bet the pk is going to be ground loot now
I expect an Apex Predator rank giveaway from Ash!
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa DE LOKOS
rocket pharah incoming
0:49 very cool……………
Ayee
"You can have the ground. I own the sky" Hmm.. haven't I seen that mask before.. *flashback* "Pilot, the sky's belong to me. No where to run. No where to hide"  Holy F*ck! (only real ones will know)
Simps: never hit a woman Pathfinder: 1:49
This is easily the best season trailer the Apex team has put out. I’m so pumped for the new season!
Mirage didn't die finally !!!!
*Season 7 : Here's a pick me up*  *Season 8 : Spitfire*  *Season 9 : Flying Valks*
00:40  He looks like Storm trooper❗️
0:34 its pharah pog
Hermoso
I expected caustic to throw his gas on those mirages.. but nope, nahh its still cool
Yes
I feel like they made Valkyrie just so they could make a female viper-1.
Is it worlds edge revamped, or  a new map?
I was unsure if anything can beat the Horizon backstory video, but it seems that we have a challenger!
Mirage XDDDD
Whait 04/26 ?¿?¿?
Pharah Hanzo combo
I don't think a cinematic has looked this good.
Phara ?
Watch me now
2:44 50$ for that ash skin.
this is so HYPE
valk better have more of viper's voicelines
this trailer is actually fire!!!
this promises a lot what emotion
They knew what they were doing with Valk's first line in this trailer being  "I'm in the pipe, five by five."
The sky belong to me , no where to run no where to hide -Viper
Welcome to the new broken legend... 🥱🥱🥱
Nice!!!!!!!!!!!!
1:14 The Best of Mirage
I really hope they push the game more in the direction of Titanfall
Please fix the servers
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
0:21 is that the lifeline knockdown shield res concept?
Fxxing nice video!
YES YES YES ITS BACK. 1:40
F from loba
Okay what map is this I’m so confused
Lets go
Anyone notice how Bloodhound is getting up (Reviving) while he has his knockdown shield out? This could be a teaser for a new feature.
120, 65 ?
So ash is Black? BLM
伸びエグくない？
valk vs rampart turret on a drone ?
Hâte de voir le mode arene yeah
最高にイカしてる
Brooooooo is The PK baaaack ????
新レジェンド空飛ぶの！？
Very very amazing 🎉🔥
Valkyrie = Pharah -> Confirmed Justice rains from above
Gesheng
Just: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
"Ash comeback  in the game"
They killed Caustic twice - in the game and in the trailer.... bruh
Let's GO play Season 8 before Season 9 coming (CLUB: INDO) Indonesia X
LESS GOOO
pat se volvió machista xd
yeah!
One of the best launch trailers you've made. That what epic.
stop killing my gas daddy biches
Apex legends season 9 hype
This trailer was fire 🔥
Valkyr Is definitibly Viper Daughter
I'm sure the arenas are the new gulag
Octane is now the new Mirage , in the new trailers always he dies
Idc about the season I just want the peacekeeper back tbh
anyone know what the name of this type of artwork style?
잘 뽑았네
the 129 dislikes are from Fuse's drink bottle and his alt accounts
Select Fire hop up is coming back baby
I saw a new crypto finisher
PHARAH OVERWATCH
Welcome to the cheater arena
What is it on Ash's head? What is that hair/wire/rock thing?
And again octaine is dead
Any news regarding fixing glitches, buggs, server issues or hacker ruining this game?
Are they bringing the Peacekeeper back? It was featured twice here.
this is the best season so far no joke this is a game changer
0:12 “She said it! She said the thing!”
日本のコメ少な！！
Most Epic season ever
2:33 SHE SAID THE LINE
I LOVE the idea that there's going to be a game mode other than BR!
Nowhere to run, Nowhere to hide.
peacekeeper out of the vault I see
Inaccurate... respawn refuse to make octane good enough to outrun horizon
Soo um new map?
WoW
збс прям как трейлер 2го сезона
Oh vision dynamics
BRO THAT TRAILER WAS SICK AF🔥🔥
Wow hello Pharah from Overwatch.
0:51 does this mean that the PK is on the ground again??
Anyone know the song at the beginning?
Just release Titanfall 3
OOOOO
"Im in the pipe 5 x 5" LETS GOOOO
Best one yet
2:16 Titanfall, Titanfall...TITANFALL :D
Rrrrreeeeeeee
OW Fara？？🤓🤓🤓
Goodbye Warzone, Hello APEX!  Spread the word to all the cod boys this is the king and will always be!
JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE!
She kicked Gibby in the face 😔
Ngl this might be the biggest and best season yet
The FACT that they added Wattson's execution in this video is ........asdfghjkl
Oh my god, that was so good it gave me chills. I like the part with Octane and Mirage the best.
*HOW DARE THAT DUMB DUSTY CRUSTY RUSTY APPLE IOS ROBOT KICK BADDIE LOBA IN THE FACE*  Disrespectful 😤
I'm so ready for this. I'm extremely ready for this. Are you ready for this?
LETS GO!
Loba: You're not the only one with fancy moves, beautiful 2 seconds later: get's yeeted Yeah that was some fancy moves
2:30 (in Palpatine voice) ironic
When world eage coming back
Mirage really is just GOATED
Yo look at that new map maybe apex must have 3v3 arena or team deathmatch :D
my boy octane still get bully in trailer D:
2:44 İs this Ash ??   Will two characters come this season??
This is better. Then better!!
The new Pharah skin is pretty cool ngl.
0:48 even the trailer shows the struggles of fighting an octane
I love Octane as a character, but from a gameplay standpoint watching the ol’ Octrain get demolished by good team work was immensely satisfying 😂
Bro thats a pilot
THE BEST!!! ARENAS! YES! YES! YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!!!
Why do I get the feeling that she just seems like she is OP in the trailer but the she isn’t going to be that good like the case with revanant?
WraithxMirage😍
2:13 pobre wraith ya la bajaron de nuevo de la tier list xddd
There are gosebumps all over my body
Keyboard and mouse support on consoles when
The mirage wraith path team from s1 ah hhh good too see them 3 together again
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THIS WAS SO GAS
1:15 the best part 😂
Octane NO!!!
Cross-progression please?
Best trailer by far! LETS GET IT!
It looks cool and all but this is what the Legends are without a crippling balance handicaps that are in the game, misleading but i guess the intention is to overhype people.
Why’d they do caustic like that 😒
hype is real
THIS WAS THE COOLEST LAUNCH TRAILER 🤩🤯
0:59 They invited Stormen to this trailer to  show movement
Let's gooooo!!!!!!
I’m sad because I was hoping for worlds edge :(
May the 4th be with us!
bruh
this the best they have done so far :O
asu makina
Can they make an Apex Movie plz!🔥🔥🔥awesome video
Let’s GO
looks like pk is gonna me back on ground
Really good trailer love this game
Stand by for Titanfall
Me: I love Pathfinder  Apex legend: we changed Pathfinder's voice actor
and the new legend looks broken
チーターをどうにかしろ
What happens when ash sees valkyrie wearing vipers helmet
Mirage dont Die!!! 😅
和柄使ってるしバリバリ日本っぽさ出してるね
please just no
アッシュ、、、じゃない！？
The animation tho🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Ash is back bois
spectacular, just spectacular
Voodoo 1, valkyrie on station, your journey ends here legends, the skies belongs to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
Ayeee Crypto didnt  get killed
Why does cinematic fuse look so funny
Insane.
SICK SICK SICK SICK SICK SICK
Time to seriously kick it up a notch! Don't you think?
Loba: your not the only one with fancy moves beautiful. Pathfinder:true I have some too! 1:49
和風の模様だー！楽しみ！
Man im getting sick of battle royal I really need this arenas mode...
New map??!!
no
I'm not going to lie I think this is the worst animation I've seen from respawn it's not bad like it's better than a lot of animation I've seen everyone looks like playdough
Lesgoo
Im so hyped for the bow!
Please tell me they bring permanent solos
I'm so hyped, I just can't wait.
I LOVE WHO MADE THIS GAME  yes path yes u do
All right you guys have rekindled the fire in me
The trailer's are 1000 time better then the game xDDD
The best launch trailer so far, everyone form my friends loved it. By the way have you considered of Caustic killing someone for once ?
Ima go leaderboards once again
やべぇ
I dont like the animation
Wow
I love when all legends get a little screen time
Wow no words to say abt this legendary trailer watched it twice one of the best of the best......mindblown away and jst hopping to see  upcoming trailer of apex legends mobile also beta in INDIA
さぁ始まるぞぉぉ！！
this is yes
Ash, Viper, Blisk, we're only missing a few Predators now.
I hope Valkyrie gets a viper helmet skin I would sell anything for it
This day is my birthday!!
Easily the best launch trailer we’ve ever gotten
Poor Octane
The way Octane hit the floor when Horizon shot him was perfect
She did it, she said the thing!
Hey, its ash
did they just add pharah
Here we go people
Fuse buff and lifeline rework
Octanes part was the best part
i am super giddy about the new game mode but the no titan thing kinda got me a little disapointed
Has anyone in the comment section played a titanfall game? Because they are pretty nice, and I highly recommend playing either of the 2. Also, if anyone didn’t know, ash is actually a real person with their brain installed into a “simulacrum”. It’s really cool.
Love the trailer :)
Las wrait ahora matan más seguido a los caustic por el nerfeo JAJAJAJA pobres mains
Viper got you in the pipe, five by five
wow. WOW. WOW!
I am saving my Apex coins for Valk.😂😂
Fuse rework looks like he'll have a taller ultra and a faster and more dangerous clustah
Not gonna lie... this is way more hype and better than the Warzone Drop trailer.
Oh she's gonna so aids to fight againts
Bro I like how everyone in this trailer was hurt besides lifeline lol.
she said the line!
Animation getting better and I love it how they're detail the characters with their abilities
1:46 Loba died because there was no audio :D
Where are titan
sheeeeeeesh
I’m actually not TOO mad about the lifeline nerf, it looks like the person who’s downed can use their knockdown shield🤩
Esperando a q makitruki haga la reacción
Five by five
I thought it was a new map already 😂
jeeeeeezz man, this looks dope
Release it like, today
Was that Ash from Vinson Dynamics?!
Crypto rework ? 😱
Yeeessss
oh boy valk may be my new main
Let's go!!!!!!!!!
Is it just me or does everyone think that valkyrie seems crazy op
As always Caustic got merked
Wraith is using a CAR from titanfall during 1:46
I hope Wraith gets buffed, octane gets nerfed and horizon gets nerfed
الحماس الف يقرا ❤❤❤
Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
Why does octane get bulied every time?
Valk said the words. I'm done, i'm done, my life is fulfilled. I can die now.
Finally they showing off the Bow more
I just want a Titanfall 3 with a deeper connection to Apex.
I will see you all on the battle field
Sick, I’m bout to Katniss Everdeen the arena.
I Remember back in season 3 when i started. Good times it was fun playing through all theese times metting new pepole and playing new legends Thanks Respawn
Pharah was always my favorite apex character
Pogg
All octanes do is run away
cryptos bitchslap nevers gets old
This is it. This was THE ABSOLUTE BEST SEASON LAUNCH TRAILER EVER
Oh she pharah ulted tho
WATTSON FENCE REWORK AAHAHH
I really love the friendship between mirage and wraith though.. so wholesome!
God that looks fukking cool. I am HYPED I haven't felt this excited since the Season 4 trailer and teasers
Valkyrie better have a "The skies belong to me" or "Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide" voice line
lol rev stabbed raith
WHO ELSE IS HYPED FOR SEASON 9???? :O
Daam good guys
This is the best video game trailer ever
Please no more flyin legend  Horizon is still nightmarish
I'm ready
They really gave us a lot for the shippers of the community.
興奮とトレーラーの余韻がすごい
Brrrioooooooo
Olympus is looking like world edge!
The animators are really making an amazing work in every trailer
ok I might return to Apex Legends once I have solve my financial crisis and gonna buy my own PC
ミラージュ好き
Crypto hit her with the schmack
Woah
This will be fire!!!!
And first 2 weeks full of glitches for sure :)))))))
C'est la vie
和風や！
Good trailer but probably the worst severs in gaming history
I can’t wait 😁😁😁😁
This animation is GOD TIER
Time to go beyond battle royale.
They killed octane again
0:34 justice rains from above
Aka Phara from Overwatch
Whens season 9
Awesome trailer! but am I the only one who doesn't like ash's new design?
They fly now? They fly now.
Trailer is awesome but all of this including the new mode will be for not if you guys don't fix the servers. People want to play, I want to play. We wouldn't be here if we didn't love the game. But putting money and effort into the servers should be a priority instead of having all these events with minor changes and reskins.
*Screams In Excitement*
Yoooo
Is the servers going to be worse when this hits ?
So are we calling this, Season legacy or just Legacy. Cause season 9 ain't a thing.
Anyone else see the full auto G7
The animation quality is the best it has ever been with these!
So do Wattsons fences actually have wire in them now?
Does that mean pk is back as floorloot cause it's got the iromsight on it
Notice how wraith was using one of the sweaty wraith loadouts if you know what i mean
i might be alone at this but i always hated bow type weapon in modern shooters . new legend story sound not that interesting but maybe her kit is good . who knows .
1:52 Well Pathfinder it is your girlfriend who came up with this new game...so makes since.
Who ever animated this deserves head from loba
"Mirage really?! Again?" That implies he's done that before. This entire trailer is hilarious.
"in the pipe 5 by 5" me: happy Starcraft noises
Been waiting for a trailer that includes the og wraith mirage pathfinder squad
As a octane main the part where he is alone running from a full team is very relatable
Man they really know how to hype up their players
Welcome back my dear peacekeeper (I hope)
I projectile vomited when I saw Ash's new face
Ahem. “JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE”
wraith screaming is something i never thought i'd hear.
This is probably the best trailer for apex I’ve seen. Animation on point
Live experience  hit different
Who else found it funny when crypto slapped horizon with his drone
This won't be an apex trailer without mirage being a Madlad at some point
Song?
MEU DEUSSS QUE TRAILERS MARAVILHOSO
Im gonna grind for Valkyrie to unlock her, she already looks OP
1:02 かっけえ、、、、、
Strap yourselves in, boys. In the pipe, five by five.
楽しみでしかない
i hope PK will be back to normal rotation
1:43 if u didn’t know this is an Easter egg to lobas ring actually working
Oh great cause flying and a barrage of rockets is gonna be soooo fun to fight against
Reminds me of viper from titanfall 2 campaign
Wish we could do parkour like octane did
Who else is excited that worlds edge is coming back 😍
LETS GOO OH MY FUCOING GOD
0:35 Justice rains from above  sorry, had to do it
All we need is a tie with Kane, Richter, and Slone and the gangs all here
0:39 Gibraltar mad,that’s something you don’t see all the time
Me hoping I have enough apex coins and crafting metals🥲
Wattsons Fences did they just turn on?!
1:51 yes indeed Path, you really do.
Yessss we got the energy and excitement in this trailer like the season 3 Meltdown trailer!! Love that!
crypto opresor xd
VIPPPPEEEERRR
PK on the GROUND 🔥🔥
1:26 the roles are reversed
The cinematics never cease to amaze me
Let's hope the servers don't crash at launch again...
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
World end back ?
I don't know about the bow and Titanfall references but seems hype!
2:13   Wraith Death 👁👄👁 😢
LESS GO BABYYY
This is one of the best produced trailer apex has done so far. They have done a perfect job in hyping up the arenas
Anyone else feels this trailer is the best in a lot of time?
I am willing to leave Valorant and come back to apex if they bring the pk back
Im in love, valk looks AMAZING!  And ASHE, YESSS MY GIRL IS BACK!
Valkyrie looks like Sabine from Star Wars Rebels
Me whenever Valk does a Viper line: SHE SAID THE THING
Mirage: "Watch me nowwwwww"  Me: dont tell me what to do, but yes ok
See you all in the sky
0:33 INITIATING FLIGHT CORE.
Imagine copy fortnite 🤦‍♂️
So much better budget. I love it
Hype !!!!
0:35 I knew she is Pharah. This is Barrage.
SHE SAID THE THING. "I'M IN THE PIPE, FIVE BY FIVE"
If you put the playspeed to 1.5 its almost as fast as a pub match.
Apex Legends trailers are really something else man. These never fail to amaze me
Anyone getting flashbacks to terminating ash in Titanfall??
今回のトレーラーなんかキャラの動きがピクサー映画みたいだね
Fix your sever first THANKS
bro this is so cool valk is super cool did you here her say vipers lines from titan fall
The amount of hype i had hearing Valk repeat Viper’s voice lines is unmeasurable
How is this game giving this much hypeee
11 minutes ago but comments from 1 day? Was this unlisted?
Titanfall3 please..
Wheres cooper
Wish they would fix the game with the time and money they put into trailers
well, I stopped playing overwatch because of phara... now we have a problem
The animation is so amazing and upgraded a lot, I love the theme of the trailer..white and purple, so amazing! I love you respawn <3
oh！ nice design
This is one of the best trailers yet
,,Mirage, really?! Again?!’’  The best.
Is the peacekeeper coming back to the loot pool?
anyone noticed the wall jumping at 0:59
最高スギィ
Now we wait 3 days for gameplay trailers.
コースティックが持ってんのってEPG1？
I swear who els thinks that octane will get a buff that he get  wall run
So 2 new legends? Ayeee let’s go
Imagine they straight up put a pilot in apex. That'd be way too OP
# remove olympus
That's the best season trailer I have ever seen
Usually a 5 minutes animations feels like 30 seconds, but somehow this was so good I appreciated every seconds and this 3 minutes animations felt like 10 to me ! Good job !
If there animation is this good just make a movie
Deberían dedicarse a desarrollar Cine en lugar de juegos, les quedan mejor jejeje
Hopefully she has audio
“I’m in the pipe. Five by five”  Only titan pilots can understand she saying where comes from
woooooah u guys just make an RPG of apex already
This trailer hit all the right spots in my heart and soul😭😭😭🔥
It could just be me, but does Pathfinder sound different?
bruh they aded asian phara to apex
Se mira fresco ojalá y este chido espero mi reliquia a un
バンガのエイムがいい
Fuxk off fuxk off this is gonnaaa beee litt asffff im screaming for thr fact of ashh too it's 1:15am on a friday in syd australiaa rn  and imm screammmminnnggg
The Valk finisher should be "Nowhere to run, Nowhere to hide"
Is this the first time Respawn gave us a release date for a trailer at the end? Impossible
By far the BEST trailer they've made
This was SICK!
🔥🔥🔥
Pathfinder always has Mirage and Wraith's backs.
Imagine that
So it means that Ash were doing this in Titanfall 2s present as well? I remember when Blisk saying something about it to Ash in that quest, or it was another thing?
Wait i think ash was speaking at the end i think ash will be in season 10
THIS IS SOOO GOOOD
Just beautiful 🤩
Nice but whens Legacy coming ?
YES
I love your games even more after I knew you avoid crunch culture. 💞
EVERYBODY HAS A PK, IDONT KNOW IF ITS FOR TRAILER PORPUSE OR MAYBE ITS COMING TO GROUND
That looks so good
Another woman legend another woman legend another woman legend do do do do do do di
Pathefinder will PAY for that 😤
Cryptos drone had more screen time than he himself :(
So new weapon(s) and Worlds Edge is back. Nothing else to say except fantastic
Can octane just stop dying for One trailer
HYPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
i swear if they actually implement some kind of titanfall 3 in apex because ea wouldnt let em make a sequel ill be hyped as heck
I just have to say, the animations for this short were beautifully done! Props to this amazing piece of art!
I love every thing  espically the octane scene
Soooo my team carry me.... I can singing again ;)
Peacekeeper ground loot??
Wow
My boy mirage just wanted to karaoke alone and had to get interrupted
Dude this is way I love this game so much it's dope and hilarious
"I love who ever came up with this game!"  Path, you gotta let her go buddy.. she never loved you in the first place.
Pathfinder ain't no simp... lol
0:49 the best part of the video
She can fly?!
Se dieron cuenta que la animación cambio
THIS LOOKS SO COOL WE NEED MORE ANIMATIONS LIKE THIS
Love how they added the finishers🔥
hopefully we get some mirage, wraith, and path voice lines this season
The new legend needs a red and black skin
New map?
Can't wait for this new season gonna be my first season getting a dive trail  too
Ooh I really like this this is making me hyped for the new season hopefully it's better than the current one
Did they change Pathfinder’s voice actor or just tweak the voice changer?
Well....there is no titan here....only jetpack with rocket barrage...okay.
Does “go beyond battle royal” mean we’re getting an ash colosseum mode?
The season 0 trio!!!
1:48 Auch...
Sees Valkyrie: !!!!!! Sees Ash: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
VALK IS NOT HOWERING SHE STRAIGHT UP FLYING ALL DIRECTIONS  idk bout yall but im praying
Every single one of these trailers makes me love mirage more.
And Valk looks so pretty 😍😍
YES! They added Viper's voicelines!
This might be the new best season trailer of all time for any game
THE ANIMATION
PATHY AINT NO SIMP
It was just right
🤷‍♂️
Fluid and like a drop of toony animation and I FLIPPING love it
Lol Valkyrie is gonna be broken
I love that they've had these great custom countdowns in the last few videos! It's a great touch
WHY DOES IT NOT SAY SEASON 9, IM WORRIED
From the hacker cutter I am no longer excited about anything
Already feel like valk will be annoying
So we have 2 legendes this season?
This trailer was so good
Shesh
Bruh that is just overwatch
Duuuuuuuuuddeeeeeee
yooo if the servers were as good as the cinematics we would all live in peace :D  BTW this is just amazing
Plz make all trailers like this plzzzzz apex plz this animation is sooo clean and smooth and lit
1:26 ttv wraith with a wingman and r-99
Аааааа, they added BOW
Гюрза сменил пол
Path: *kicks Loba in the teeth*  *immediately talks about love* That's why everyone loves ya buddy!
The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run. Nowhere to hide.
That was insanely hype! I’m so ready
Best trailer yet
Looks like we're getting Farah from Overwatch as a new legend 😎
0:47 Like a main octane, this scene gives me life
SHEEEEEEEEEEESH
"Your journey ends here, legend. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide."
Ash, you still in there?
Now apex looks overwatch
Sheeeeeeesh !
2 legends ? Where is titans ? Will you add content more slowly than snails? Or ban me for "n" word again ?
Everything it's cool but, where's bloodhound?
they copied fortnite with the bows
Looks promising
great job apex. hopefully we can only get better from here
Looks amazing, per usual✨
Okay Valkyrie is gonna be one of my mains. High mobility 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Woooo! I’m so happy for Apex. Great videos, great game, greatest Legacy🤙🏽
Yoooo
Amazing!
Did octane just wall run
i love this
Σκέτη γκαβλα
Mirage?really? again ?
🔥🔥🔥🔥👏
New season: **exist**  .exe content creators: *it's free real estate*
I'm in the pipe 5 by 5
BRO THERE IS SO MUCH TO UNPACK IN THIS
I’m in the pipe 5 by 5  Viper flash backs*
whats that Song? it fits hella good
Wait maybe its the game graphics not animation!?!! Bc  look at the valk face its game?
This is possibly the best trailer I've seen for apex in a long while
yay mirage didn't die
WOW 🔥🔥🔥 LIKE ALWAYS ❤
0:34 FLIGHT CORE ACTIVATED
Hopefully she has Vipers helmet as a skin
Ooooh look fortnite player again disliking the trailer 🤭
New sezon FIre!
気合い入りすぎだろ、、、鳥肌になったわ
cmon just release the legend i have enough legend points
Viper's got you in the pipe. 5 by 5
Is that a new map I see?
Please Netflix series with this hot animation!
I think they made a new game mode 5v5 arena by the way the backtrack was om fire🔥
how much GB memory for updet this season? :( 20gb ? 30?
I've been saying a non-battle royale mode would be a good idea for a while
Im hyped af
Wattson is soooo cute 😍
Loba thicker than a loaf of bread
I really feel like the new legend will be too overpowered, her jetpack looks hard to counter
Is it me or does fuse’s knuckle blaster seem to have a larger radius and did anyone see the lifeline change concept that was made from reddit
Oh boy this is so beautiful
Why is this trailer the best
Haha see you legends in the arena 😏
Holyshit pathfinder kick loba' s beautiful face🤣🤣🤣😆😆
*THAT WAS SO EPIC!!!!*
0:47 U know how many times ive been in this position as octane a whole squad chasing me with high intensity, this trailer awesome though
YYOOO WWHHAAT
the animation is so lit  ! lezgooo
Crypto actually destroyed Horizon.
Seeing ash was kinda hype
best trailer so far ..looks dope!
Pretty sure I came watching this due to how fire it was
Nice so the titan machines with hopefully be in a seperate and permenant mode?
PK on ground loot, New titan fall related character, no KC, new weapon, this season is looking good
LET'S GO MIRAGE
That bow said enough for me
poggy woggy szn 9
Screaming
genius
Was Crypto's Drone moving by itself or is it just for this video?
shut up and take my money.
Ash: "welcome to the legacy of the apex predator"  *Me who still in bronze*
Pharah from overwatch decided to switch games
Ahhhh Mirage, Wraith and Pathfinder. The iconic trio.
エーペックスプレデターズ(ケインを除く)
Solo espero que ea tenga dignidad y no entregue sus personajes al fortnite
0:21 Burst fire g7 scout babyyyyy😍
The is the best best best trailer everrrrr!!!!
新レジェのウルトでチーター全員BANしてくれ
Did you all see loba get absolutely yeeted by pathfinder its what she gets for her bracelet not working even tho she is my main🤣🤣
wow i think i'll play again
0:21 *No full auto in buildings*
"Your journey ends here legends... "
Good fking soundtrack
Ok, now I’m so hype 🔥⚡️  Btw Valkyrie looks amazing 😍
Absolutely amazing
Am I the only one who notices the new animation style?
yeah im going to main valkarie  this just the icing on the cake
Why is the animation so fluid now? Like it's weirdly cartoony and I can't tell of I like it or not.
Love the tráiler and the new type of animation 👌🏽
Asome no cool no asome cool
Das why I ship Mirage with Wraith
This new animation is amazing! Love the work you guys put into this game!
いよいよやね
Mirage saying “watch me nooooooooow” was the best part Second best part was Valkyrie saying “the skies are mine”
Man octane getting disrespected like tabt
Yo she straight up kicked Gibby
Seems like season 1 was just yesterday
No one:  Octane: 🏃💨
shame they are killing lifeline but at least they showed rev killing a wraith
Mirage, Wraith, and Pathy! I missed that squad :D
what in the name of games is tis #1 game
Not trying to say anything but the piecekeeper had no scope
Please let the Arena mode be something like Titanfall
GOOOOODDDD
Valkyrie should have a viper skin
First trailer were mirage doesn't die
we all know 0:49 .... SPAM SPAM SPAM
Bhai bhaiiii bhaiiiiiiiiiiii Kaya zahar hai ye Op katayai
The animation looks really different
So far valk has everything I wanted, vipers helmet, lines referencing viper and northstar like abilities. She's my new main 100%
YALL GOTTA CHILL TF OUT WITH THESE FIRE TRAILERS
I can’t stop watching this-
Respawn missed an opportunity for valk to say “the skies belong to me”
0:34 JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE!
I CANT BREATHE LET ME BREATHE
I saw Valkerie and instantly got Northstar flashbacks, she must be mine
Va estar brutal
May i ask , why everyone so hyped for valk than any other legends before? Im not playing titanfall so idk 😅
Congrats.. you found a unverified user comment
bloodhound be octane doe
THIS IS SO SICK THANK YOU FOR MAKING APEX but I have one request can you pls debuff the revenent alt maybe put it 50 health
Ash i like your cut g
Dang I never a trailer can be this good 😮
They told me to stop playing and *get a life* So I took *Lifeline* 😎
The only battle royale worth mentioning
0:20 automatic g7 scout?
I just realized this was probably how they chose the predators for Blisk's mercenary group
0:33 "Fox 3, sending it home". Viper taught her well ;-;
Another top notch a cinematic
Not going to lie this was amazing af
Мираж не огрёб.....
Just me or when I saw valkery I thought of phara?
TITANFALLLLLLLLLLL
Looks like select fire havoc coming back 👀👀👀👀
AMENO MEGUSTA ME GUSTA😭
WATSON TRAP
0:34 *JusTiCE, RaIns FrOm AB0VE*
2:07 Crypto Heirloom is his drone confirmed.
Time to Grind Again!
Please give us freaking solos already
4/26 I’m getting a birthday present
No me gustó mucho la animación pero lo demás me encanta
0:42 that better be a voice line for her “you can have the grounds, i own the sky”
Ohhhh, interesting so next season's gonna be POG!!! (the og squad (mirage,wraith and pathy) is back btw kekw)
wattt PK lazer?
But how ash died
When we are getting dedicated Indian servers?
One of if not the best trailers!! Super excited
2:43 I like your cut G
2:32 Titanfall fans will know
Voodoo 1 viper on station, your journey ends here pilot, the sky belongs to me, no where the run, no where to hide
SHE DOES HAVE VIPER LINES
It comes out on my birthday
ash got some upgrades ha?
Did they changed all the models? It looks really cool
IM I DREAMING? PEACEKEEPER IS BACK ON GROUND LOOT?
wow
Only started playing in Season 8, so I can't wait for World's Edge and any other new things!
1:25 "Remember me?" and at that moment, Caustic experienced PTSD of the first trailer where Wraith told him "Tell death I said hello."
Ash!!!!
Seeing that jet pack we have under 3 weeks until that gets nerfted
I can tell this seasons gonna be lit but wraiths gonna have a lot of falls with this legend
When wraith saved mirage again I’m literally like again just as wraith says ot
Valk is getting nerfed the first day.
Why does valkyrie have too take vipers lines😞😞
이게 게임이지
bow go brr
they listened to my comment abt tav :)
Pobre Northstar que hizo para que lo convirtieran en un jetpack
Ik new legend and stuff but us og players are here for PEACEKEEPER BAAABYYYY
.SIMPs FOR ASH THE QUEEN HAS SPOKEN
Watt can turn on and off her fences now!? 😁
The third partying in this trailer is an accurate representation of playing the actual game
Dou
Waaaaa
Oh god.
Nice
SHE SAID THE THING
Solos?
Yaaaay,l I get to play Pharah in Apex
Awesome trailer... im hyped for the gameplay!!! i want it nowwwwwwwwww
As a rev main  It felt very nice seeing him drop wraith like he did loba's dad
Seems like horizon and Watson are very friendly to each other, probably because horizon (technically) lost her son and Watson lost her parents
super epic the Apex Legacy trailer !!!
" *Go beyond* battle royale" Is that a JoJo reference?
But what does this "new game" be?
legal algo novo
Coolest trailer
Mirage is the best
Oh les français on est d'accord qu'on a pas été respecté avec l'accent de Wattson vraiment 🤣
This might be the equivalent of the death of Fortnite when robots joined.   Valk is gonna ruin the game as it is more than likely.
This looks very promising!
Apex Predators are back? Respawn we need Pilots and Titans in Apex Legends now
So she can fly??????? Gonna be totally OP!!
Take my money
Ash is a thing ❤️❤️
Wow whatta waste
ITS GONNA BE THE BEST SEASON
DANG THIS IS INTENSE
So she has titan abilities? That's cool! A mini-titan with a bow
Worlds Edge is coming back?
Music ?
Pharrah Mains?
Yessir
Just gotta wait under 2 weeks
Oh hey ash,I believe we met before,what was it.......oh yeah,I literally crushed you in Titanfall 2.all you were,you were a metal and blood stain on bt's hand,It took me a while you wash you off😡
Trailer team always putting the S tier work in. Gets me hyped for 2 years straight now.
This is one of the best trailers I've ever seen, this is some badassery
it's only me or the trailer graphics was similar as TellTale of the walking dead?
Can you guys please give caustic some screen time....       *Without dying*
New animation style?
Sad for people who left the game
mirage good at singing
Pathfinder sad face
So pharaoh from ow
By far the best trailer we got.
I love the Lore of this game and teasers. And the leaks as well. Shout out to data miners out there
Hypeeeeeeeee
I’m in the pipe...5x5 😭
I hope they add cross progression
Mirage and Wraith are so cute together haha
wow😐👌🏻
This is amazing! Can’t wait
PEACEKEEPER IS COMING BACK!!!!!!!!!!!
Poor Octane, he was so close to getting away this time :(
So much easter eggs, that's so sick!
Exited
I don't understand, is Apex Legends Battle Royale going away?
CRAZY MIRAGE WRAITH PATHFINDER MOMENTS
Was that an *automatic g7 scout* bangalore was using???
Its over Gibby I have the highground!
Apex Legends makes itself better by becoming a Titanfall game anyway
Si alguien de EA lee esto porfavor !! Arreglen los servidores pa Latinoamérica están una Mirada , adoro Apex pero juego y siempre se jode la partida por qué me saca y mi wifi es brutal de 20 g
What does it mean go beyond battle Royale
"im in the pipe 5x5" goosebumps dawg
I love the animation style in this video keep it up 😁
Okay this just became my favorite cinematic
So much peacekeeper usage, I think this is foreshadowing
did no one else notice the animation style change!!
I love when mirage,path and wraith together again... remember me the first trailer..
Lets see the 3v3
Can we just preach that the animation has drastically improved over the seasons and this is just as smooth as ever 🤩
I can already tell the new persons op
African servers please
I love these cinematics!
Epic!
2:44 I thought that once we revived her blisk killed her!
Ash?
1:01 so walljumping is canon
Mirage really? Again?  Wraith got some wifey vibez
Ah yes octane fastest man alive
YO THE OG SQUADDDDDDDDDD
Wow
POG
everybody talking about the arena mode  *but nobody's talking about Mirage*
Octane do be yeeted by wattsons trap lol
TITAN FALL! WOOOOOOOOOO
these transitions tho SHEEEEEEEEEESH
Здравствуй, Фара из овервотча
so no titans 😓
Expectations were met for all of us
Oh this season will be insane
PLEASE DO NOT MAKE IT TITANFALL THE GAME WILL FLOP AND DIE
Que belleza de animación 🤩
I love how every legend is super Sayan in their trailer but then in the next on they just die in one shot.
1:44 😍
Not bad, not bad
0:22 well here's the nerf..
2:27 is definitely a Killing Season reference lol
Pk coming back for sure
WE NEED WORLD EDGE NOW PLZ
maining new legends
The graphics on this is just Wala and damm this is awesome
I CREAMED
Тут русские есть?
Hey, so, when are we getting that Apex Legends movie/series because this animation and these action sequences show us that this in something we all need in our lives
I am so ready for this,  I am extremely ready for this  are you ready?
I loved the octane parkour
Lessgoooooooo
ASH YES PLEASE. HORIZON VS ASH PLEASE.
Yooo! This animation and trailer looks dope
soy yo o esta vez hicieron el trailer como con cinematicas de texturas diferentes? como si no fuera realmente de Apex Legends oficial, mas bien como hecho de algun fan no se De igual manera esto es increible, el trailer que mas me ha gustadooo es INCREIBLE
Mirage carried this reveal no cap
this is the perfect example of why I main mirage 😂
おっおう
A whole lotta people bout to leave when you pick valk over them
Fix your server first
lets  the rocking  start's
shesh looks fire😳
Best launch trailer ever! I’m so excited!
i'm liking ash's new makeover 👀
2:05 possible crypto rework ?!?!?
Respawn never disappoints with their trailers.
Haaaa se me solio chat el mejpr trailer
Is this mobile?
Monarch is a wanna be BT and Valk is a wanna Viper but neither of them can compare to the actual characters
This is the best apex trailer by FAR
Ps5 version plz
I take advantage of the visibility of this video to say that Wraith is the most overrated legend and that all the players who play Wraith are tryhards without aim and without skill. Ty.
Best Trailer Yet!!!@!!!! Amazing
Arrow go brrrr
I seriously really loved this trailer all the characters actually doing doing something interesting and related to their personality and seeing these characters do their stuff is always a treat and also Worlds edge is back!!!!!
This is so lit
loba got smacked,thats gotta hurt
Petition to add multiplayer gamemode for this game
Sooooo shes not asian no more
0:10 : Titanfall 2 players arriving in Apex after the Northstar Cinematic
THE VIPER SKINN
Octane abuse never ends...
holy moli
Is so much cool
Mirage is always the Clown
I'm a big confuse but also a massive hype
ピスキくんの？
This looks so sickkkk
Best season incoming
One word describes this trailer SHEESH
Legacy time babyyy
Mirage, Wraith, and Pathfinder.  They took me back.
So wait, all of these POIs are actually arenas? Snowy WE, Orange skied KC, and new Olympus?
I.. don't know what to say. This is the most epic trailer Apex has ever done.
SHE SAID IT! SHE SAID THE THING!!!
The didn’t have to do my man octane like that. 😔
It feels like season 8 went on for years
SO GOOD
Ash
Justice rains from above!!
2:05 literally me when I play crypto
Ashes redesign looks so good.
Yo this gonna be the best season
Its always rap. Play some rock/metal instead.
Should just do titanfall 3 at this point
Okay Pharah, I see you. Lol
So so good
Next gen update plz
YESSS VIPERS HELMET
tHat the animation I like all cellshaded, not like the weird 8.00 minutes one about Valk.
Less gooooo. I'm pretty sure pk is ground loot
justice rains from above
Valkyrie: "Justice rains from above!"
Octane ded again....Nothing special
Gahd. Viper's helmet. I neeeedddsss it
Loba got drop kicked by pathfinder
pathfinder: i love who created this new game ash created the game
Bro this is 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Bowwwww
i noticed peacekeeper loba staff hmm heirloom also wraith came out of nowhere there was no Trail it's like she just opened a portal without going anywhere maybe Buff?
THIS IS NO LONGER A BATTLE ROYAL. It’s a GIFT FROM THE ALL FATHER
This gotta be my favorite trailer
Holyyyyy🔥🔥🔥🔥🤩🤩🤩
Mírage, Wraith and Path, like the first launch Trailer :,D This look awesome
رااااااااااااااائع 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩 متحمس جدا
Valk kinda hot
we need a voice line where valkyrie says  “can i speak to the manager?”
Miraith rather
Octane keeps dying. Stop octane abuse by subscribing
Can we please get a trailer where Octane doesn't die?
"Mirage..really? Again??"
Daaang... I can freeze frame almost any part of this video and have a gorgeous looking background 🔥 🔥
Love Apex trailers! They are so good at what they do.
Ash has a fancy new head design. Nice
DUDE, THE SKY LOOKS SO CLEEEEEAN
It begins
Octane the best
It's hard for me to explain, but the animation looks a lot more animated. You know what I mean? And I love it!!!
0:30 IRONMAN's sound
Wow Goodbye br
It’s been real octane but valk is bae❤️
Let's go the pk is coming back
I dont like new legend she looks too op
Hype
Fun AC whhhhi
Well hi valk you're going to be my new main <3
Valkyrie actually out here stealing fuses voice line
Use me as a "I'm Hyped" button.
who wanna bet the bow finna be complete garbage and never seen mid to late game
I wish we got a titan
Little does path know his girlfriend came up with this new game
The maps for arena are gonna be amazing 🤩
no offence but valk design kinda lame , in the story od outlands is better color and clothe
I can't stop laughing at Mirage!
Flying rampart 🤞🤞
no more nerfs to horizon and wraith!
アニメーションの担当変わった？
If only fuses cluster was that big in game.
Yessssssssss
ASH
*_Kai'sa?_*
Awww Wraith and Mirage is back
Why does every Apex Launch Trailer have the best msuic
We need apex movie/series
Can't wait for season 9.exe videos.
WAITAMINUTE!!! I THOUGHT COOPER CRUSHED HER?!!
1:49 pathfinder more like Chris brown
New map looks sick
This trailer has officially topped season 3s
Yoooooo Ash is back??? Thought we killed her
AOO
That Revenant part was Cold
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ピーキー復活で弓新武器か？あとロボ？
This gives me season 2 and 3 trailer vibes and I haven’t been this excited for a new season in a while!!
I prefer the other graphics to this, as well as I’m super confused about wether or not this involves a new map because I’m lost on why it showed places I have never seen on kk, NW, or Olympus
I am latterly gonna ill every Valkrie I see because I hate her dad in Titanfall2
Yeah yeah yeah you can show me all this cool gameplay but Titanfall veterans like me are going to rock this Arena like a hurricane!
They always bullying my boi octane 🤧
Ash looks great but didn't she get a redesign? What happened to her more human-esque face with all the cracks?
its so good im so curios on where the snow is
Lovin this animation style
Bro Valkeryie looks better then I thought
Lifeline!
SHEEEEEEEEESH THAT TRAILER 🥶🥶🥶
Justice rains from above
Looks great let’s go
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAH  NOW THIS IS EPIC!!!!!!
Anyone see the light ammo LMG 👀
reality is often disappointing but this, this does put a smile on my face.
カッコ良すぎるだろ！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！
Did they changed Wraiths voice actor? she sounded bit diffrent
LETSSS GOO THE OG CREW, PATHFINDER, MIRAGE AND WRAITH
What? 2 legends?
Let's fricking GOOOOOOOO
2:03 "...Focus, fight, win."
Mirage voyage return?
Welcome to the arena
Yoooo
скиньте трек раки
MIRAGE OMGOSH 😂😂
"I'm in the pipe, five by five" - Valk 0:10  SO SATISFYING
ミサイル系ならまたワットソンが輝きそう
This is the best trailer they ever done. I never laughed so much 😆
0:20 Bangalore just full-auto'd a G7 0:33 so cool! but I'm not hearing Viper's "Bwooaam" sound, disconcerting
ladies and gentlemen ready your legend tokens because valk looks sick
BROOO
SHE SAID THE THING
Every titanfall fan is crying happy tears right now <3🥲
the animation really change
Real Apex predators Blisk Ash Cooper n now the underclass
Things I learned from this trailer:     ...
ヴァルキリーが思ったより格好良くなってて感動した！
Anyone else see the pk?
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESHH!
Gg
Apex legends hates octane he always dies in a tesi
ワールズエッジ復活無かったね
This is easily the new best launch trailer for apex change my mind
Damm boi
God I love the way they animate octane
Honestly they could make a series out of this.
why the dislikes? name 1 reason
I feel pathfinders voice of off is that intentional? If I'm wrong correct me
Hyped! 🤪
by far best season trailer ngl
that animation *SICK*
yo this is sick
WHACH ME NOOOWWWW
where is revenant tho
How is ash alive?
At least Mirage didn't die again
hol up was that ash in the end
最後の画面の模様、青海波でめっちゃ日本って感じ
0:49 can we appreciate how sick this part is
How randoms be aiming 2:04
Can we wall run on the area walls like titan fall?
Best apex trailer no 🧢
yoo what is ash doing here?
The Mirage x Pathfinder x Wraith squad are GOALS
Will the peacekeeper come back?
Wait...World’s edge IS GONNA BE IN THE SPLIT???
что, что, но трейлеры у апекса самые охуенные
I see that pk 😏
Greatest Apex trailer ever made.
pharah in Apex
So after the giant outcry from the release of Horizon, we will get another flying legend, what can possibly go wrong.
Ah, same old characters dying again👏
we ready to glide in this new season?
Pog
Brutal
3:28ぐらい？ ワッちょんのフェンス切り替えできるようになってない？ 気の所為？
ITS NEARLY HERE
Is like fhara of overwatch
That valk skin is 🔥🔥🔥
Rrspawn if u are reading this,   please dont force us to play this for the first two weeks, or even longer.. it looks dope dont get me wrong. But we came for BR and would like to keep it. Please let this be an additon, not a rework of apex legends. Your Playerbase is big enough by now that you can have two modes at the same time without splitting the players.   sincerely, day one player
Pog who’s ready to play season 9🎉🎉🎉🎉
SIQQ
In the trailer caustic was killed by a single bullet. This is an indication of how he is easily killed in game now that he is nerfed.
Pharah
Dude mirage didn’t die and Octain almost lived, we’re seeing some improvement!
The Bow tho SHEESH
They brought a full roundabout to Mirage and Wraith.... Beautiful
NAHHH THEY CANT DO OCTANE LIKE THAT
You can shoot like fricking Fhara?!?!?
NDL
the animation is kinda different. its not as good as it used to be but ok
So this will be an new Mode, where you fight 3vs3 in an Arena.
But where is season 9, most of us play apex for BR
Gasp!! Us double tap hop-up back?! I kinda saw the g7-scout
Ayo Ash got dreads?!
peep the NEW MAP
Brazil On
The Video was AMAZING, but the soundtrack was complete garbage.
bruuHHhhHHhhhhHHhhh
Why is everyone at 1hp in these trailers
I like the way crypto slaped horizon with his drone😂😂😂
Ash
SHESSSH APEX GONNA MAKE ME BROKE
1:50 step Revenant, I'm stuck
My aim will be worst now with a bow
bruh.
Valk just made Fuse even more useless than before.
Everything she said is from someone else
Bruh the new animation style looks so good. Make a Netflix series already
Do i spy a fuse buff
2:04 Horizon’s aim tho
2:05 my tm8s aim be like
they stole doc arena lol
Prison Of Elders; Apex Legends Legacy Edition
it may not be viper but its something just as good
Welcome to the arenas
where i can sign the world's edge petition???
THE HYPE IS REAL FOLKS! 💪🏾
Can't believe the map is basically world's edge
CANT WAIT FOR WORLDS EDGE!!!
the new snow poi looks soo sick
Viper. Sorry man
Why did you add Pharah into your game ?
Cant wait for bo'KEK' bow
Will worlds edge be back?
This is going to be the best season of apex bar none.
1:26 Flashbacks to "tell death I said hello"
Ready for season 9.
Trailer like always insane ❤️❤️
soo.... can ban cheater?
these get better every time, and they always choose amazing music
Are they hinting how their changing lifeline at 0:23 because it looks like bloodhound is being revived
y e
Why does this give me final season vibes-
Cool
Dude this is gonna be so freaking cool!!!!!  I’m in love with this trailer their animations have increased so much since season 0
最初の、ミラージュのセリフ誰か翻訳してくれ……
0:51 Pk back ? 😱
only been 8 minutes and already have 300k views crazy
best animation yet
Why does wraith always die
1:43 very inaccurate loba bracelet doesn't work
All the trailers are amazing but this has been the best one since season 3
1:28 only ogs will remember the first time this happened
Let me see if she can beat my Revenant 😈
Lifeline shield gone, peacekeeper ground loot, wattson on and off for her traps, loba ring buffed, what else?
the octane broooo
...
Mirage is something else, I laughed so hard, I love him so much xD
Mirage singing is my fav part of this trailer xD
For once I’m not hyped by a apex trailer  3v3=boring
I got goosebumps
I thought it was World's Edge for a sec there
I like how I didn’t see a single trace of worlds edge
So....she's basically Pharah then  Sweet!
Pk is a ground loot im happy
Best Trailer ever Apex Forever!
La wattson campeando al octane 😂😂
SO COOL
YEAH!
Song?
過去一興奮するPVだわw
"I'm in the pipe, five by five"   Like father, like daughter.
I’m ready!!!
This is the best trailer
Crossbow!
Tremendo xd
Watson was camping...tsk tsk😭
Incredible🔥🔥🔥🔥
Okay the animation for this trailer is insanely good... I'm incredibly impressed.
that was a cool 0:47
Is it just me or is it ash fr ok m titanfall in the new antagonist
does anyone know the name of the song??
We need Valkyrie to have a Viper quip, also the new Fuse buff looks pretty good if the tease is accurate.
Nice
wraith mains going to be challenged.
Pathifnder: "thot slayer robot"
THIS IS SO BEAUTIFUL
Hands-down one of the best trailers
Best animation we have had yet!
0:58 R.I.P Octane's stim 2021-2021
Its 17:00
See that's cool an all but why is Blisk 560 years old?
The slightly different art style is interesting but I have to say that I like the old one
octane walljump *nice*
Oh yeah Octane on screen yeeah boi
where is my titan respawn?  >:(
Love this game!
Pretty sure loba just became a robot...
pathy voice.. NOOOOOOOOO!!!
Hi Shayne!!!!
I’am Wraith
We get a bow
Ea plz give battlefield to respawn entertainment .
That wattson fence would be a cool buff
Ash looks different... cool
Pog champ
AN AMAZING BUFF FOR WATTSON WOULD BE TO MAKE HER FENCE INVISIBLE
WAIT THAT LOOKED LIKE A CRYPTO BUFF
The little details are everything. Animation team POPPED OFF
Mirage is the best Legend 🤪❤️✌️
なんか絵柄みたいなの変わったな
So Valkyrie... she clearly takes after her father, that person has to be related to ash in someway I feel that they are related through something
Fortnite adds bow Apex: I'm just gonna take that
1:29 is just a visual representation of what Respawn did to Caustic
This feels like a fan animation...
Ash 😳
PK is backk babyyyyyyy🔥🔥
0:35  JUSTICE RAINSSSSSS FROM ABOVE!!!!
so legacy is basically Apex Legends Overwatch
It’s the Xbox naming scheme all over again!
Valk: im in the pipe, five by five  *happy titanfall vets noises*
Please just make TItanfall 3 allready.
Animation looks real good
She said it she said it ☠️☠️
NGL I feel like this trailer has the most personality since the season 3 launch one................. I LOVE IT
I can't believe that titan is coming to the game
THIS REMINDED ME OF THE FIRST TRAILER! anyways else !?
Okay, THAT, WAS, HELLA, INTENSE, BRUDDAH 🔥🔥🔥🔥
POGGERS
やっぱ パスレイスミラージュだよな！
"Justice Rains from Above" time. :)
What’s with pathfinders voice at 1:52
octane gets the short end of the stick in these trailers TOO often.
Have I been missing exclusive pre-premiere videos this whole time?
"you can have the ground, I own the sky"
Its super cool
That Valk finisher though 🔥
Another Octane death to the count ey?
New meta alert
bow goes feeeeeeeeeeeeew
Did they tease wall running
Bruh caustic got rocked
Pathfinder is part of the thot police now lol
After apex imma leave gaming. Theres no way any other game tops it.
Rip wraith
Mirage and wraith again lol
Peacekeeper’s back!!!!!
While the premier time was going down you could hear mirage go into a call asking about crashing into somewhere so we might have it in some map
Can't wait to argue with my 2 mates over who gets to main valk haha
Man caustic cannot catch a break wraith just keeps on killing him
Watch all horizon mains switch to valk
Wraith is using an R-99 and a Wingman... that doesnt surprise me at all
1:15 when your vibing in your room and your mom walks in
Get ready to make a LEGACY folks!
Peacekeeper is back bois
0:20 when the g7 fires in auto fire.
Super Hyped!
I like this kind of animation
lesss goo
Seeing similarities between Valk and Pharah.
They did loba dead wrong 🤣🤣
1:16 Typical Mirage😭
Ash: you call your self legend 00:04 Mirage: indeed 01:34
PK take out care package plz
Voodoo 1 this is valk, your journey end here legend, the sky belongs to me, no where to run, no where to hide
Pharah mains are screaming
"You can have the ground, I own the sky"                                                                         -Valkyrie
Peace peeper coming to floor loot
Peace keeper 🤤
daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam
why dos wraith always bully caustic?
Mirage, REALLY, AGAIN?!
Seems like we get pharah this season
wait a sec...double walljumps? i that gonabe a thing?? o.o
Bowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbowbow
Yo mirage
SHEEEEEEESH
Unsure whether that's a crypto finisher or the drone on autopilot while crypto ran towards horizon. hopefully the latter.
Not gonna lie that was lit !
This is by far the best season trailer music on point, the design are nuts and the trailer just has me excited for the season to come get ready legends a new season begins!!
Now this is Apex Predator !!! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Vipers got you in the pipe, 5x5
Yes new Arena update is cool and all. i get it. but more mirage x wraith plz
So excited, until they nerf Valk into the ground.
⏳⏳⏳
Yeeeeeeah so hyped for the Bow 🔥🔥🔥
Hyped aF Guys!!!!
This looks sick!
Can't wait for the gameplay Trailer!!! Don't make us wait too long Apex :)
Am I the only one seeing that octane wall jumped
that was poggers
winter map ? Hello ?!
Love animation
PEACESKIPPER IS BACK !!!!!!!
When you get hyped for the new season, but remember all the bugs, server issues, Dosing and cheaters. :(
The trailer is awesome crazy animations and ash saying welcome to the legacy of apex predators gave me chills which I can't resist I am alll fired up bring it on the smoke 🔥🔥🔥😍
Valykrie is my main
Man I’d love a full movie in this animation style
"Voodoo 1, Viper's on station. Your journey ends here, Pilot. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide."
WE bright is back
Pathfinder went chris brown on loba
Hey hey folks
今回の新キャラ使ってて楽しそう
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
I don’t like how rev killed wraith
Why they always bully octane :d
They actually gave valkryie a pilot's helmet actual pog
Respawn def needs to make a series
I’m about to become apex’s robinhood with that bow🔥💯
I need an animated series of this game seriously
I’m excited for apex legends legacy season 9!!! 😱😱😱
BOW & ARROW!!!
Looks like the future still holds terrible insurance policy
My dude octane is getting clapped in every single one of these
why they always gotta do my boy octane like that 😪
I'M IN THE PIPE FIVE BY FIVE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Justice come from above
Nerf valk!
Did...Pathfinder's voice actor change?
SHE SAID IT! SHE SAID THE THING!
Plz dont put a bow in this game T T
Focus, Fight, Win!  (glad to see titan fall lore)
Octane getting chased: *_UNLIMITED WALL JUMPS_*
Looks like the beginning of my stream career
This season offers so much. The hype is unreal. Lifeline ideas from reddit, the bow and pk, new lore, Valk and Arena and the throwback to the first lauch trailer. This is unreal. Thank you.
bon voyage to the mirage voyage :(
5 by 5
Season legacy a new weapon broken
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK...
woah new animation style
Music: Tommee Profitt ft. Beacon Light - Watch Me Now
Мираж как всегда топ ))
Excuse me but that trailer is insane
That was so sick!!!
I can’t wait to get killed by a person who can fly wow this will be fun:(
Valkyrie looks insane!
I love how they put some of the legends finishers im this😎
everything looks pretty great
wait why is ash a boy now?
That trailer is different then the others dude, i mean the Picture, the grafik and the story is so hyped😦Can't wait to play the next season
Arena? I might come back to apex again? Mm no.. No? Mmmm let's wait
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK...
This is beautiful
alright its official this is my favorite trailer. imma go watch it again
NEW GAMEMODE LETS GOOOO
H Y P E
2:47 ash oh no
Pog
The cinematics and trailer team of Respawn is doing such a great job to hype us to play the game ♥
Is it me or did that G7 shoot fully auto?
5 by 5
Its gonna be good fellas
Great showcase of each legend
New map it is it world edge
"I'm in the pip 5x5" SHE HAS THE QUOTE
Octane is even too fast in the cinamtics
Im sus 0:56
これは楽しみ すぐ撃ち落とされんか心配だけど
The trailer is fake, G-7 players don't shoot while moving.
so Valkyrie is just a rip off of phara from overwatch?
I'm hyped 🔥😍
Hol up, what was that thing with Mirage in the beginning of the stream? Is that yet to happen? Does he die?
Nice
Five by five
"Go beyond the Battle Royal" *Well that just sounds like Titanfall 3 with extra steps*
1:16 Mirage’s got priorities
"I'm in the pipe, five by five"
Ok season 3 trailer can yeet
I hop if apex can make a movie  like this video   It is sooooo legendary
They really did octane like that, again.
WOOOOOOOOOOOW! This game never fails to Amaze me 👍🏾
"I'm in the pipe, five by five" best words i've ever heard from any legend
wow
oh......Worldedge！！
Pog
Pathfinder really just went on thot patrol at 1:48
All 3 map shown on trailer  3 map rotation confirmed?
nice trailer
Flying legend! Odd.
smells like story mode
The octane run animation was so cool
We all know who's dominating The Arenas
SHE SAID THE LINE
mommy horizon 😩
Apex legends welcomes Pharah from Overwatch now also kown as Valkyrie
Can’t wait for me to lose to a wraith in arena too
It’s titan fall 2 ending all over again
I own the sky
Night mode Olympus??
Mirage lol XD
I saw so much in this....sheesh!
SO...  TEAM DEATHMATCH IS FINALLY HERE?!
So... Wallrunning, Valk with her Rocket-rain, Compound-Bow as a new weapon and a snowy map-area we get with Season 9?
Can't wait this looks sick
Ash stole this trailer for me
Valk better have a emote or something which says “Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide”
That shet goood 🔥🔥🔥
So no Titans, really had my hopes up for a second there
thats good
animation was outstanding! Well done apex <3
this is arena map , it’s like a team death match
this is a comment from the future, valk will be so overpowered that she will get the most nerfs in history, so she is the worst legend right now
The animation looks amazing seriously
titanfall
This is Insane ! Ain't it ? 😈
I think peacekeeper gun is back
THE CLASSIC MIRAGE, WRAITH, PATHFINDER IS WHAT I MISSED SO MUCH!
The new trailer looks to be in a different style, maybe its because of the mobile release that is coming soon because the graphics look similar.
Okay, this is epic
See you all in the new season. 🔥💯
Valkyrae said the thing!
Now the Legends ability are REALLY in action ! They're all COOL !!
Love this season coming up😁 last one wasn’t it but this one is going to be it
WHAIT WHAIT WHAIT.... A LITTLE NORTHSTAR? MY MAIN TITAN IN TITANFALL 2? DEAM I NEED TO PLAY RIGHT NOW
Wow, the start of trailer had season 3 style!
Looks like fuzes fire is gonna be a lot taller in his ult!
me likey
Welcome back mirage Voyage!
eeeem yes
Yay content
What happened to may 4th?
Ash is Back in Buisness (better than ever)
Pog
It’s so hard to believe that I’ve been here since the very beginning playing this game 😭
Time to sleep
I was bricked up watching this trailer
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOW
“I’m in the pipe five by five”-Valk
Song is Watch Me Now by Tommee Proffitt.  The third TP song to be featured in Apex trailers. These guys know their stuff!
WHOS HERE FROM MACRO'S STREAM????????
It look I saw some fuse buffs🎉🥳
Mirage and Wraith again 💕
DONT NERF MY BOI OCTAIN!!!!!!!!!!!
everyone sweating fighting and dying  mirage: cheers, to me, and my other mes
アイアンマンやん
How did that arrrow break Fuse's bottle?
What was up W pathys voice
please don't make Valkyrie OP, i don't wanna get clapped for the next 2 weeks from imbalanced Legends :(
She said it, she said 5 by 5
So what happen to magie?
I have but one thing to say...  LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
Mmm still gonna end tht bloodline
Nice  nice nice apex legends never disapoint us. Not like warzone
That was FIREEEE
0:17 Fuze buff?
now that what I talk about~!!!! XD
PK is back to ground loot btw
I like the animation style!
Best trailer yet: Revenant didn't get killed in a disappointing way
I was waiting for an explosive bow
If only the fix the problem of cheaters 😏
for some reason this started playing full volume while i was in the middle of a match of apex and there was no way of turning it of  -_-
Animation is pretty bad ngl
5 BY 5
Nerf valk she is too op
the only monday i'm looking forward to
04.26.21
yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss lets go
Apex is the apex of gaming
That was.... something else. You never fail to entertain Respawn!
If Valks ultimate its gonna be Northstar's flight core she'll be op af
You can never be disappointed at the apex trailers
ABİİİ YENİ ANİMASYONLAR EFSANEEEEEEEEE
Best Trailer
This has to be the best trailer so far, everything about this was amazing.
Bro Octane and Mirage need big buffs
during the premiere, when people saw the arrow the whole chat went crazy💀
1:51 Real OG will remember this Legendary squad.
POG
pk on the ground baby
this is good
She said the thing...
The best trailer ever
I love this trailer
Valkyrie is going to be my new main. Hopefully
guys i got diagnosed with aids
It feels like the devs are being replaced by the ingame characters now😂
woah
Best trailer yet!
"I'm in the pipe, 5 by 5"  AAAAAAAAAHAHAHA YES PLEASE
I really really hope we get a new game mode that stays
Rip fusies spuds
I am hyped 🥴😂
Crypto was so cool
This new season is gonna be a legacy to the APEX games for the future
Its the gun from foltnite!!
So is Ash coming or not?
Ash ain’t playing
Pathfinder coming in clutch once again
SHE'S IN BOYS!!! SHE DID IT SHE SAID IT!!! *air horn blows*
wow, seeing all Legends interacting in one trailer was so intense🔥 nice job ⚡
弓使いてー!!!!キャラ使いてー!!! 早くやらせろー!!!
Fooo
YO. ARENA GAMEPLAY IN 4DAYS
HOLY MOLY NOW IM IN HYPE FOR SEASON 9
Go Beyond Battle-royal.... pls tell me we get a proper shooter game like maybe a hero team game mode .... oh I can see it now.
THIS IS A WORK OF ART
THAT MF CROSS BOW THO
lifeline's nerfed gosh
Man im hyped
The big crashed ship is the Macmillan from titanfall 2 campaign which means were going back to worlds edge
E ANDIAMOOO⚡⚡⚡
Did anyone else notice octane double wall bounced ??????
Hype📈📈📈📈📈
Ai meu cu
E
Pog
Mirage died to a customer service hotline.
BOWWW
Valk really is living in her daddy's shoes
1:48 Pathfinder ain't no simp
Sheeeeeeaaasshhhhh
I'm confused, a new type of game play?
Justice rains from above!
Can't wait to fly over y'all and get beamed by a bald wraith
MOHEY IS GAY
Remember me? - Wraith  The queen is back 😍
Wraith: do you remember me?  Me: yes, but now you're nerfeed. 🤣
Valk when using the flight core has teh exact same pose as a northstar !
if they mean go beyond battle royale does that mean there will be multiplayer
Best trailers ever  Fav part was this interaction at 1:19
Arenas will be lit im sure ! 0:14 that is the arena im sure !
the skies are my legends
They gave wattson the on or off fence
What was that map
I guarantee you this is the best trailer so far
That was lit i can wait for Legacy
vo morrer esperando essa season
Holly shoot that was amazing
wow sneak peek date sa realeasing of modules ko
It was so cool
wow apex,what a trailer
最高。ただただ最高
Arena hype. This is why I keep coming back to this game
holy shet
Ash looks amazing it’s a really cool modification
Loba debería haber ganado la pelea mostrando el buff del anillo, ya me la tienen de chiste :(
Oh my, I just fell more in love with apex, arena mode is here to stay bois
Apex on mobile .... Wow
THIS IS LITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
yo soooo good! Can't wait fo the new season!
claim your "i was here for the premiere" card here!
Valk: pulls a few vipers*  Every titanfall fan: About to explode
Crazy trialr!!!!!!!! Love the new character And the new mode gonna be crazy נראה מדהים!!!
This pog
pog
Best bit was loba getting kicked 100% 👍🏻👍🏻
OK THIS IS LIT!!!
Wow... Mirage is so cool 😍
Valkyrie do be the apex version of Pharah from overwatch
SHEEEEESH
TGM you on this, right?
AWESOME
THIS IS AN APEX PREDETOR
If the battle pass isn't going to be about pilot skins and titanfall I will commit no breath
Inject this in my veins
HYPE
Ash: “Welcome to the arena”  Pathfinder: “YAY MY GIRLFRIEND IS BACK”
Legacy from apex predetors ... ok
SEE YOU ALL IN THE ARENA.
I. Am. Speachless.
lame
New Map?
Les g00 babyy
sheeeeeeesh
I just coomed
Did they change the date
Looks like two new maps
Man i can’t wait to get sent back to the lobby 300 times in this new game mode on the first day ! Let’s go!!!! HYPED
:(
pk in the ground loot
OH MY LORD !!!!!
Deatmatch mode? Nice.
before 200k views
Beautiful
oh yay a flying legend, that sounds fun
LET'S GOOO
“You can have the ground, I own the sky.”
ASH?!?!?!?!?
calling it now ash is gonna be the new announcer person
SEE YOU ALL IN 4 DAYS LESSS GO BABY
Epic
Let’s goooo
Daym they went overboard with this trailer
Didn’t get a “nowhere to run, nowhere to hide” I feel incomplete
The best Apex trailer i ever seen!!!
I want a whole Mirage album now
Актэйна жалка😢😢
THIS IS WHERE THINGS GET GOOD!
Let's gooooo
Epic
Wall running?
LETS GOOOOO
Go beyond the battle royale excuse me???
ASH!! HOW ARE YOU STILL ACTIVE AFTER TITANFALL 2?!
This is gonna be amazing
can we get solos back
Lessgooo
Most hype for a season ever?
告知の告知って感じやねw
Wait what was that about portals opening?
アッシュきたーーー
lets go
VALKYRIE HAS SO MANY VIPER REFERENCES
Beautiful.
Did Ocatne, just.... Wallrun?
<3 ARENA <3
wow
Что с анимацией, у вас денег на нормальную анимацию не хватает?
LETS GO PK IS BACK AND THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST TRAILERS IN THE WORLD
LOOKS GOOD I WILL BE ALL OVER THE MOON IF WE GET SOMETHING LIKE A TDM MODE
Fire
THE VIPER LINES
Loba got me feeling sum type of way, but other than that, this probably the best trailer
Wow
When is going to be the battle pass trailer
It's so good. Yall crazy.
LETS GOOOOO
That was so good
that was fcken lit TITANFALL small maps are back 6v6?
A new game mode?! :o
Wowow
👍🏼
Ash from titanfall 2
Just WOW I can’t wait
The graphics were so sick!!!
Honestly, frigging rad, guy
Yeah awesome, another irritating speaker
Was that it??
Will macro comment?
That was epic
YESSSSS
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
Apex never miss
Oh my god... THIS IS IT BOIS!!!
This is Epic.
My boy mirage is dead
Nice
Hyyyyppppeee
Best trailer since S3, loved this one
Isn’t valk just farah
I can watch this whole day
CANT WAIT
Let's gooo
Best trailer yet
Apex season 9: wraith saves mirage again
Pogchamp
最高か！？
Fuse and Octane made this 100% better
Noice
Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide...
Got the good old Viper lines
Sheeeeeeeeeesh
less goooooo
نخوندم
bye wig
Sheeeeeeeeeesh
Two new legends man im excited
ASHHHH YOOOO
Amazing
Once again Apex is great
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
every titanfall player now feels nice about apex games
Pog Squad where you at!?
insane.
Arena mode HYPETRAIN!
NDL
Sheeeeeeeesh!!!!!!
alright this might be the best season yet.
Why have a Titan when you can BE the Titan?
Yessir
Esta season sera la mejor
That was Legitness
That was just great
Wow this is awsome
Justice rains from above!
Valk go brrrrr
That was sick
Peacekeeper ground loot? Please?
insane
NO WAY
J’adore le petit « c’est la vie » de Watson 😂😂
Same day the gameplay launches is also the day the battle of the joshes happens
Ohhh my god ❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
See you all in the arena bois
That was so Coooooolllll
😏
so much for it being tropical
ARENA MODE
That was amazing 😍
Sheesh the new legend is a titan herself... AND I LIKE IT!
pog
I like how everyone has been in the trailer
POGU
mirage nerf???????
Wooo
The animation! So clean!
The OG trio is back: Wrait, Mirage, Pathfinder
OMFG THAT WAS INTENSE
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
Imagine Pathfinder buff
I love it
"2735 errors found" Apex in a nutshell
Is that a map that isn't olympus  cause I'm alllllll kindsa down for not olympus
Sky karren
BRUH
Mirage is a vibe
쌌다
That's sick!!!!!
Ok ok, It's appening!
So fireeeee 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Less go
Mozambique here
Ash got the fresh cut tho
song ?
She said the line
Idk what I was supposed to get out of this
another flying legends, great
Bruh she can fly? Seems OP
Remember me? Release throwback  moment
Woooow
Oh my god we saw ash
Yooooo that was sick
Mirage has done that before
She can fookin fly
OK... THAT WAS SO. F U C K I N G  C O O L
THIS IS FIREEEE
Abdul
HYYYYPEEEEE
sweet
Honestly that wraith and caustic call back was pretty cool
Hermoso
Oh he'll yeah mate
PK IS BACK
Welcome, to the legacy of the Apex Predators. Welcome...to the Arenas!
purple season pog
The arena better be tdm
Ayo mirage voyage is back
POGG
THERE IS BOWS
Yeah that was heat
4 days wow
The graphics are awesome
Bruh
Bruh Tf was that
Wow that was great
This is ABSOLUTELY the best one so far.
Yup. titans are next
DUUUUUUUUUUDE
That was awesome
اني صايم يولد اكو عربي بل البث
use me as the INSANE button
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeesh
She can FLY?!?!
Yes mirage didnt die lesss goooo
I don’t really like the new animation style of this trailer... anyone else agree? or nah
Yooooo, this was an epic trailer
Justice rains from above
次シーズンの新キャラはアッシュ…！！！？
WHO IS HYPE FOR ARENA?!?!?! I KNOW I AM
Ash got the drip thought...
Yo poor loba 🤣🤣🤣
POg
that bow kinda bad
Not their best cinematic trailer but it’s always fun to watch
4 days baby!!!
Pog
Comes out in my birthday!
Holy shut
Epic
HYPE
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
STANDBY FOR TITANFALL IN SEASON 9
Incroyable
Sheeeesh
Well that was epic...
LET’S GOOOOO
Oooo myyyy goooood
She seems annoying already
Brooooooooo
YESSSSIRRRRR
HOLY THAT WAS INTENSE!
Broooo
Fire
This is the prettiest launch trailer I've ever seen
THIS IS SO SICK 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Welp they changed the animation style
Season 9 baby!
Beautiful
LETS GOOOO
I think I found a new main
Finally Mirage didn't Die xD
Itsssss aasssssshhhhhh
Pk ground loot baby !!!
🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵
Bow
ASH
Yoooo season 9. poggerssss
epic
Asssshhhh
Can’t wait for valks skin with vipers helmet
So northstar but compressed into a pilot Ok
ARENAS????
Idc about anything but the peacekeeper LOL JK
I have the captions set to English but they’re appearing as Arabic.
Dang that party was so fun, just me, me, me, me and me vibing.
I love whoever invented this new gamemode path is still in love
Mirage,wraith and pathfinder is the best team ever!!
She is just like her father
IS THAT A WALLRUN I SAW
Man Fortnite got the skins but Apex got the game
This new map looks insaneeeee
Wajoooo
WUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Mirage x Wraith best couple
WRAITHHHHHHH
This man mirage 🤣🤣🤦🏽‍♂️
Lol
Rip octane 2019-2021
I just want worlds edge my guy
I feel like horizon holding the pk is a clue that it will come back as ground loot
WATTSONS FENCE HAS BEEN REWORKED YEEEEES
Call of duty release trailer same time it goes live
Pk!! What😭😭😭😭can’t wait bro finally
Rip octane
Peacekeeper is back on the ground Babyyy
Poor Octane
They literaly added phara to the game
“Vipers on station”
Animations are just perfect 👌👌👌
Wiwwwe
SHE SAID THE LINE!!!
i can say that she will be more annyoing than horizon
Pharah
Ahh so that’s the skin
SHE SAID THE 5×5 line!!!!
Yes yes yes yes
Less go
WORLDS EDGE IS BACK
See yall next season
{.ñ {ñ
YOOOOOO
So Mirage is dead
Sheeesh
hype
😎😎😎😎😎😎
Woooo
Yes siiiiiiiiir
Yeah perdonen kamehameha
We need a Valkyrie voiceline saying "i know the manager"
Season 9 already
Pog
NoOooOoaoOOaoao Mirageeeeeeeeee!!!!!!! :((((((
Lol
let's go
Hoping for my heirloom soon though
Ae việt nam dô coi 🇻🇳
Gotta get ready for school but gonna choose to watch this
I was here
Let’s go
Milk
Can’t wait to stop on bots for the first split and make masters in the second
Jajaja
Lifeline 😭😭
Titanfall 2.5?
lits go
helo
Odio no hablar inglés, no entiendo ):
WAIT whats happening?
When you show up for the 2 minute countdown 😎
Eiii
Enjoy enjoy🔥🔥🔥🔥
Is this Fortnite 3?
WE DONT GET WORLDS EDGE BACK IM SUING
Sheesh came in here on time shees
My hamster fell to my toilet
Very cool!!!
Boys i hit net een musty in apex
Fist of the north star trailer
Let’s go
Yessir
Get Bamboozled
はよこい!焦らすな!
The time has come
This season is going to be epic.
Eat my big Mozambique respawn
This is going to be legendary
SEASON 9 BABYYYY
2,735 errors... how typical
Wooow
Nice
pog
Каеф
I like burritos
The skies belong to me
Cmoooon respawn!!!!
Let’s goooo season 9 poggg
Poep
STANDBY FOR TITANFALL
OOOU
AYO!?
１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１
Mirage here for the pre show, we need him for the super bowl or something
Yes yes season 9 is gonna be great
Oooooo
hope we visit multa this season
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Who else is commenting during premiere
Lets goooo
My First FPS game and I love it 😍😍😍😍
mirage best waifu
Where the titanfall 2 og’s at?
１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１
Mozambique here Never mind
im on 2% make it quick
Auto buy
👉😁👈
les gggogogoogg
Why do people in the live chat think that respawn will make changes like 2 weeks before season launch?
I LOVE the new countdowns. They're much more entertaining now lol Edit: *me after watching the trailer* OH MY GOD THAT WAS SO GOOD!
Here we go
Pog
１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１
Culooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Leeeetttttttts gooooooo
can't wait
Mirage about to flatten a city
F
Mirage is ... mirage
F
for english press like xD
Again Mirage in trailer, poggers
F
Where banana
I started playing halfway thru s7 and im in love
How are there dislikes before this even began???
Exciting
поехали
Where
Yo, this game fr needs more recognition in my opinion, so fun
Its Almost Here!
AYEEEEEE
hopefully, apex doesn't do the chapter 2 treatment that Fortnite did
Those season are SpEED
Buff mozambique
I was here
Pk my baby, pls be floor loot again we’re sorry we hated on u
People wondering how we commented so early
POG
What if ...
Hi kandyrew I know your reacting to this
Im here before the trailer began I’ll edit this after pretty good ngl
Let’s get it
Nerf caustic
let's goooo
cant wait to pick off some valkries with Sheila
乾炒牛河係濕嘅
I. Was. Here.
Go
Dont nerf life line please
Crazy Noisy Bizarre Town
First
Season 9
Sheesh
NEEDS MORE TITANS
season 999
Yeah!
noice mate... let's see you do it again..
Let’s gooo
日本人いるかな？
warzone is better
lets go
сука я чё 1 русский?
Ojala metan a Franco de personaje seria mi sueño
Pog
I want pizza
BAMO LOS KBROS QUE TENGO CLASES AHORA!
Om Om
From India 🇮🇳
Voodo 2 valkrie calling in, the skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide
Dababy
Season 9 exe
Wooo
ALONS-Y
The devotion is an s tier weapon
It's 11
Yes sir
Season 1
Nice
рускоязичние залетаем в топ по лайкам!)
claim ur during premier time ticket here
YEAAAAAAAAH BABYYY WOOOOOO
ayeeeeeeeeeeeee
LESSGOOO SEASON 9
Sheeeeeeeesh
LETS GOOOOO
BLLRRRRDDDDDDDD
LETSSSSS GOOOOOO
Mirage X Wraith
Start
Yes sirrrrrr
Yooooo
Season noine
русские вошли в чат )
i am fired up for arenas
This is gonna be awesome
Is that raynday watching
Welcome......to the Arena........
Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide Should be one of her champion quips
I do t regret killing calls dad
До видева
APEX LEGENDS: LEGACY IS ON THE WAY! LETS GOOOOO
ABOBA
Start already!
hello =D
LESSS GOOOO VALK MAINS
Man if there is a new map I know it's gonna be sick
👏
Buff wraith
Oh my God I think there adding the IMPOSTER guys
Vamos
Please let them show manual map selection 🥲 I’m annoyed with auto rotation. I’d rather play on Worlds Edge all day
If valk doesn’t get a voice line saying “ nowhere to run, nowhere to hide “ I’m gonna riot
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
YESSSSSSIRRRRR
The sky belongs to me pilot no where to run no where to hide
Love apex
Buff Mozambique
1
Woooooo bby
Hyped yo
Wonder what the battle pass will look like
Voodo-1
Less go
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Nakansns
SPAM LEGACY!
お、これはワットソンようやく服破れるシステム始動か
ITS TIME
Get ready everyone!!!!!
So excited hbu?!??
Dababy
シーズン9楽しみな日本人 あちまれい！！ ↓
Valk is preparing for titanfall 3? a war between legends ?
Respawn sama i love u
buff anti-cheat
They fly now???
I bet 10$ that mirage get the L
Haha...poo
New overgrown Olympus be looking sick, I wonder what it’s like in the actual trailer.
Nerf to spitfire
Pog
Turkey luv
S W A G
This is gonna be a good one
LEEEETS GOO
Legacy Launch Trailer? I hardly know er!
lets goooooooooooo
i see youuuuu
Hi
Starting soon!!!
Can't wait to logon at launch day after my job and facing Valk mains that already have 20 bomb and 10k kills
LETS GOO
Feet
Bring back worlds edge
HYPE ASF!
Dis better be good
Sheeeeeesh
Hyyyyyypeeee🔥
Season 9 trailer: Community: HEHEJEHEHEHHEHEHE SEASON NINE TRALER HEHEHEHE
Bruh.
ایزی
2 minutes
HYYYYYYYYYPE
gooooooooooooooooooooo play direct
I hope it has more Loba in the story!
Die everyone every day they die dead for real sad and mad
I got enough apex coins which legend should I buy
Ok, why we have to wait a couple of minutes then wait 2 extra minutes
Titan fall 3 confirmed???
Woooooooooo9ooo
Mozambique here!
Can i speak to your manager
❤
Da Baby
Season 9 people
SO HYPED 2mins
​MOZAMBIQUE HERE
CANT WAITTTTT
Literally just witnessed a uhaul take out the Starbucks sign because she went through the drive through
Da Baby
The only "can I speak to your manager" line we love
EZ
日本人いるか！！！
Breaking news: Respawn still refuses to fix the servers and the current servers will host Season 9 of the Apex Legends
Pog
*nature entered the olympus chat*
How’s Mirage gonna die this time
nerf ziplines off the map
Mozabique nerf op
Next legend will be her dad
You need to move faster than that son, SPEED IS LIFE!
calling it now, this is Ash hosting a PvE game mode, like a hoarde mode.
Cmon Cmon i dont have all day
LETSS GOO
Bruh
Sheeeesh
MORE TITANFALL CONTENT
lets go
Fak
💯
GG
Imagine NOT watching it during the premier SMH my head
why is it legacy noy season 9?
BUFF WRAITH ABILITY AND HEATBOX PLIS I LOVE THE APEX LEGENDS
I didn't even want to play this game. Then my 2 year old son randomly downloaded and loaded it up. I played a few games and then I played a few 5,000 more.
Yessir new season hype!!!
NDL where you at?
Season Legacy  I havent played the game since like season 5 so this will be interesting
So much hype
If she flies, I die ;)
BUFF CAUSTIC.
Gimmie
LEEEEEEZZZZZGOOOOOO
Legacy means they’re reverting wraiths hitbox right? Right guys??
１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１１
I hope this season be cool !
こんちゃー
Who is here after apex mobile trailer
Buff Gibby
Yeeeeee
Add those ROCKET LAUNCHERS please... Write that down respawn.
Less go
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy
Buff leviathan pls
Mirage getting ready to die again
Who else thinks that the spitfire is super broken?
If the servers still not better I’m still not playing every other game I run 10-20ping apex 120-200
Yay 🙌
Mozambique here
yea
Let’s Gooooo
Where’s ragtag?👀
Pls something cool for my chicks wattson and loba
This is a Titanfall like button
*Horizon = Zarya*  *Valkyrie = Pharah*  'Overwatch Players PTSD intensifies'
楽しみかもー
Who's here before it was released?!?!?!
Huevos
LESSSSS GOOOOOO
Follow me plis c:
Season 9!
I'm here and ready! Thank you very much!
Mozambique in da care package
BUFF CRYPTO XD
Everybody gangsta until they realise they have no clue what gangsta means
Hopefully they fix the flaws with the game, like not leaning into their own design choices.
lessss goo
New patch to dominate😎
I was here before this started and heres my proof
Season 9 hype train
Nerf Tufi
Cross progression???!?!?!
da baby letssssssssss goooooooooooooooooooooo
LFG boys
Let’s go boys
Кто я
im so hyped
Yes season 9
Pepe popo
If the legacy doesn't refer to new consoles I'll be surprised
Hmmm......The new is another skin bag huh.....lets see how long she survives me
Nerf bloodhounds tactical cooldown please it takes for ever , as long as octains ult and the gold helmet reduces only 1 or 2 sec of the tactical cooldown
# remove olympus and bring back worlds edge
DABABY!?!???!????!!!!?!
I hope they surprise us with arena mode right away
Buff loba, I love loba, Main loba <3
easy-to-cheat-anti-cheat
WE HYPEEEEEE
on veut du crypto
nice
Claim your "here during the premiere" here
Hi
Trust me is this for the new season.
Wsap b3ches
Where is the apex legends mobile trailer??
I started playing titan fall 2 yesterday for the first time. im learning alot now. probably my top 5 game. I love the wraith ability chapter.
"Can I speak to your manager better be a voice line or ima head out
🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑😰😰😰😰😰😰😱😱😱😣😠😈😩😢😣
I just want to see that predator Bow, new favorite weapon in coming
I’ve got you in the pipe, 5x5.
Lessssssss goooooooooo aaaaaaaaaaa
Who...is...ready....
lets´gooooooooo
And then Viper comes outta nowhere “You hitched your last ride son, this is your stop”
When the live chat spams who to buff and nerf
e
So excited for the next season! But not so happy about Lifelines possible passive change.. it literally makes her a worse medic than Mirage :/
Everyone gangster till someone says Pilot
Year year
5 by 5 in the pipe
Me and my buddies are ganna try and get too bronze 3 this time
Premier gang
can yall nerf the Mozambique? its getting to good
Bring back og weapon ammo
Plz come back PEACEKEEPER
the new legend no is a camper
Let gooo who is excited for season 9
She needs a skin called "the manager" ngl
O
Season9 finna be the best season
😗👌
IM SO HYPED
I am a hamburger
EEEEEEYESSSSSSSSSS SSIIIIRRR
Hello gamers
oh boy here i go watching again
Railgun yeah
let’s goooo, who’s hyped
D
Apex legends mobile Plss
Viper is my favorite boss in Titanfall 2
I bet all the movement gods are here.
anyone here on xbox? I need a better team, my main guys are never online
is that dababy?
早くやりてぇ〜！！！
Bet
Here ,before Start
Lessgoooo season Leagacy baby🤩🔥
everybody gangsta until the new legend says 'can I speak to your manager'
SHEEEEEEEEEEESH
Now awaiting the battle pass video
楽しみっ
Goodbye horizon! 😭    Hello Valkyrie!! 😈😈
Everyone gone do solo squads to play valk😂😂
1hp
Shheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeshhhhhhh
Lesss gooooo
Iam ready for the Launch trailer
I hope the prowler comes back😭
Everyone will unlock "can i speak to your manager" and use it after the teammate steals the loot😄
season 9 let's fakin goo
People be like he has a tick mark next to his name, that means it is our duty to like his comments for ever and ever till we die
Yeeesssss lets get it
Yes sirrrrr
LETS GO
if we don't get a jack cooper reference in this trailer im rioting     edit: I am rioting
Q pasa waxo
Give us Indian server pepega
YESSSIR
Baby grigio on that beat
MOZAMBIQUE HERE!!!!!!
wryyyyyyyyyy
Baby grogoo on the beat
Legacy of cheaters?
This is cool
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Lets go
I am giving dj alok
Wait im still tryna get diamond
what about ash?
Yessir
I can't f**kin wait season 9 BABY WOOOO
The moment we all been waiting for
😍😍
It feel forever till the seoson ends but thank for the trailer
Hope fully the buff loba
Pls buff apex
If my nan played apex she would be hyped rn
Buff marvn
Buff pathfinder you need to
3vs3 arenas in legacy? !?!?!
How much do u want to bet that this is a late April fools prank
Yoooo
I can’t wait
Where TF is my ship!? -Mirage
cowabunga it is
Let’s go! Even with the rank changes I’m still d4 poggers
F
⚠REMOVE CAUSTIC⚠
Hello Legends.
Can’t waitttt
今原って苗字愛知県に多いらしいな（自分岡山県民）
Yo can't wait!!! I might do a Legacy trailer breakdown if you guys want me to do it.
Buff the servers.
E
❤️🤩😎
日本人居ますかぁ~?
If Valk doesn’t have a voice line saying “The skies belong to me, no where to run, no where to hide.” I’m rioting. WHOS WITH ME!?
Question:Will this be the legend trailer for her gameplay or just the battle pass trailer which trailer is it?
this season is going to be mad
papa respawn pls give loba heirloom
I come in every season hoping for a pathfinder buff :(
If the L star gets a reactive skin this season I will not be very pleasent. Edit: I now want a reactive L star
LOBA HEIRLOOM
Sheeeeshs
Legacy update: *exists Bocek bow and Valk: *NERF THIS*
lol naps
hey there, you may not know me, which is good. but i know that you love apex, and for that reason they should buff bloodhound. MAKE HIM THE HUNTER THE GODS HAVE SENT.
FREE FIRE FREE FIRE FREE FIRE FREE FIRE FREE FIRE FREE FIRE FREE FIRE FREE FIREFREE FIRE FREE FIRE FREE FIRE FREE FIRE
We can all agree we need some change, and this might be it
New legend: Valkyrie; Map changes; New weapon; New mode; Lifeline adjustments. What can we expect from Apex Legends Season 9 ...
why everyone comment "f"
DESRROLADORES POR FAVOR PARCHEAN EL BUG DE &&)/&%#$#)/%/&%(6 QUE HACE EL PERSONAJE VOLAR
are the bois here?
I like water.
РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД
РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД РУССКИЕ ВПЕРЁД
Alternative title:  *_Apex Legacy_*
Interesting
This will be My Legacy
SUP everyone??
WHAT A  BEAUTIFUL SEASON IT IS GOING TO BE:__:
Soy un suscriptor de raziel
Apex legends legacy will be great
Pog
ALL FATHER GIVE ME SIGHT
Valk let's goooooooooooo
Ya quiero jugar la temporada xd
Les gooooooouuuuuu :U//
It would be better if Viper would survive and come back to the predators (and be a legend)
AMAZING!
Here's a cookie 🍪
pog
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NEW SEASON SO LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
C’MON
12 days
2 weeks feel so long😞
A giant spitfire nerf better be coming
Yall ready for this Trailer?
Come on guys, need some servers South Africa, we running Apex tournaments, Apex events and really need some servers for competitive events. If our esports teams can dominate on 250 ping imagine what they can do at 50. The community really wants and needs this. South Africa's been pleading and begging for servers since start.. Really think it's time? 🇿🇦🇿🇦
64 minutes!!!
dik szoszi van
Wooo, hyped
Ohhhh me vengooo
Let’s goo
Yes!
Valkrae should be a valk main cuz they have similar names
го поиграем
LESHHHH GOOOO
Who’s waiting
legacy poggers, also can we get world's edge back
dose any1 els hope they add wall running and double jumping to Apex this sesn?
Yei
Nice 69 minutes left
Gimme lime
Yes
Привет из Украины
Я один русский да?
Season 9 is close by!!!!!!!!!
Valk aka Valkyrie aka Kyrie aka Karen = "Can I speak to your manager?" 😂😂😂
RUFUS WHERE ARE YOU
Jemand deutsch hier?
LET GO FAM!~
Hello
Boys plzz reply to my question when the timer is done does season 9 come out?
S8 is almost over
Please take low profile out of this game pleaseeee💯😂👏🏽
Man I am exited for valk cause Dan her kit is good. Who else is exited for season legacy
pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe you  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe
gib titanfall already
Im gonna buy the new Legend instant
Let's go MORE MONEY TO SPEND
Lessss goooo
Bonjour je voulais savoir si la saison 9 il y aura la map bord du monde svp
Day 1 valk gang wya
Yall said 8:00 am,I wake up to early for this
😏😏😏
POG
Please Valk , use Viper Helmet... Thats all i want
TEAM VALK's next legend in  Season 10 is gonna be ASH KETCHUM from POKEMON xD!!!
I can't wait how about You??
Lets gooooo
ANYBODY ELSE HYPED FOR WAY TOO MANY BUGS AND STILL NO FOOTSTEPS ON HORIZON??????????????????????????????????????
This has absolutely nothing to do with Apex but uh Jeff Kaplan left blizzard. *Drops the mic*
Me waiting for this: let me in LET ME INNNNN Edit: in 2:27 let fuse drink in peace why valkyrie
POGGERS
YOOOOO
Trust me this season will be trash.
LessshGooooo
Waaaiit nooo dont over hype it! I don't wanna be disappointed.
I like how these trailers are always just free content for Apex YouTubers. Either they’ll do a simple reaction or... “Apex Legends SEASON 9 LEGACY trailer... EVERYTHING you missed!” And then proceed to point out obvious details for 10 minutes  lol.
🇬🇧 🇬🇧 🇬🇧 🇬🇧 🇬🇧 🇬🇧  🇷🇺  🇬🇧 🇬🇧 🇬🇧 🇬🇧 🇬🇧 🇬🇧 (Who understood - he understood)
Season 9 Hypeeeeeeee
Its funny that only real gamers comments now wait a sec?
f
F
F
APEX APEX APEX APEX APEX APEX
Nooooo why is it exactly when school starts ;-;
Season LeGaCy
Let's goooo, SEASON 9
Im HYPED AF
ayo apex is trash                  We're no strangers to love You know the rules and so do I A full commitment's what I'm thinking of You wouldn't get this from any other guy  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it Inside we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it And if you ask me how I'm feeling Don't tell me you're too blind to see  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up)  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it Inside we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye
We're no strangers to love You know the rules and so do I A full commitment's what I'm thinking of You wouldn't get this from any other guy I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it Inside we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it And if you ask me how I'm feeling Don't tell me you're too blind to see Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up) We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it Inside we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye
See you all in season legacy babiee
I just started apex 2 days ago and I am hyped, this game is really fun
LETS GO
Came here for the trailer stayed to read the comments of verified youtubers that i've never heard of before
No matter which all new Legend comes, i will die as soon as i fight.
111 mins to launch 😂😂😂😂
👉🏿☺️👈🏿
エーペックス大好き I like APEX. Foooooooo!
Season 8 was rock solid --- even though Fuse was underwhelming.  Hyped for Season 9!
hopefully we get to see the new olympus. i’m excited i love change
Stay?`
ª
VERY POGGERS 👌
In 2 hours its here
THE NEW SEASON COMES FASTER FASTER FASTER
LETS GOOOOO
can't wait to miss all my shots with the bow
Season 9 let's go
See you all in the batle ground
Ok
Viper is dead because Blisk just didn’t get his banner
ree apex
Season9
We want it now
Ima choose valk and main her if she is actaully viable and gives sweaty wraith vibes
Titanfall3!!?!??!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?
Are you already fix the cheater or what?
AHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH ÀAAAAA I AM SO FREAKING HYPED JEEEEEEZZZZ
Hayshsiagzgquzhdhfufgsd so exited
ало русские
русские тут
My eyes
Viper must be proud since over 30000 people wanting valk 😎
titanfall 3?
Farewell season 8 :(
AAAAAAAAAAA
Please be a giant tree we can go in on Olympus
ぽ
Temporada 9 Vai ser do balacobaco
Anyone down for exe
2 horaaaaaaaas
So hyped for season 9, I can’t sleep 🔥
Wish wattson heirloom would come out, I bought wraiths because I didn’t have the patience💀 but the small chance it’s wattsons I’m buying my way there
Aguante apex
I haven't been this excited since season 5
Less goooo
IM SO HYPE FOR VALKERIE OR HOWEVER U SPELL IT
Valk after killing me:"Unsitysfing can i demand speaking to your manager"
Anybody else completely heartbroken we only got to go up an elevator after a 4 day wait 😭 Badge is sick but more stoked for this, let’s go!!
CAN YOU FEEL THE ADRENALINE
haha northstar go brrr
everybody gangster until you get shot with 30 rockets
Im so excited for the new legend
Lets go! More Apex Legends updates! Hold the lag and issues though.
Apex Chapter 2: Season 1
Ooooooo
Bro 😩 I still gotta wait 2 hours???!! Nah I’m going back to sleep lol
Whoever is reading this, God Loves You!
hey Kandy
Some said in the comments remix what viper said and the first part was “*The skies were father’s but now they belong to me*” I hope that it’s an intro quip but shout out to that person who said it all credit to them
日本人いますか？w めちゃ楽しみーー
woot it on jrk
I love you apex but when are you going to give me my heilroom
Valk: goes to McDonald’s                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Instantly say can I speak to you’re manager
1 hour left baby  see y’all soon
Les go
PREMIERES In 2 HOURS. LETS GO
How many kills u guys got this season
Voodoo 1, Viper's on station. Your journey ends here, Pilot. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide...
yes daddy
Everyone: Valkyrie Me: Loba buff 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Yessssss
apakah lengeds baru bisa terbang?
Hi
It’s new season????
Man I really hope this is good
When you realize your in school when goes live 😭😭😭😭😓
Season 9 letz goooo
Bro why did the change it nooooo
日本人いる？
Ayeeeee LEGENDS LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Wattson deserves to be in this trailer👨🏾‍🦯
Let's go oooooooo SEASON 9
Hi everyone
YEEEEEPAAA
Who mains the season 9 legend bc I do
The skies are mine Pilot.
season legacy is gonna be so cool
oml im so excited
When the imposter is sus
When time does it start will it start at 9:00 or 10:00
Bread
*Look down in the description of the video*
I’m in school thoooooo  Priorities
So ita come in 3 hours?
SEASON REGACY！
Bruhhh I’m gonna be at school! SCAM
3 MORE HOURS
you are Champion???
HYPE!!!!!!
Solo quiero dejar en claro que estuve en el estreno.
READY TO ALL VIDEOS EXE SEASON 9
Only 4 hours of sleep for this.yayyyy
LESSS GOOO
A new trailer on my birthday😃😃😃
I’m so hyped!!!!
R.I.P. Mirage
Hyyyype
They fly now They fly now
oh wait i forgot  titan are not in game sorry lol XDDDD
Here before premiere
Sorry I haven’t gone on
Super ready
I am so ready
IM EXCITED!!!
Yeehaw
:D
What are we gonna see?
I want new guns
Hype 😍😍😍😍😍😍
HYPE IT UP BOYS!!!
Take my money respawn
Life’s about to change as we know it, upgrade in motion 💫
party member preloading...
I can’t wait for this
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I just feel like there has to be a Valk quip that says 'nowhere to run, nowhere to hide' I mean come on
4 hours...
i have to watch this at 3 am
Wait until you play Valkyrie before you call yourself a Valk main 😂😂😂😫😔.... Apexers
Wattson gonna be like "Killed that big noisy bird!"
This is gonna be a new best season 🔥
Les goooooooooioooo
Guys apex legends is the best
Flies and lunch rockets...new main confirmed.
I will enjoy This new Experiments
My body is ready
Yes time for s9 baby
Is next gen update here?
Ash is back wooo
I always get sad when a game starts to get into high numbered seasons...the game usually just progressively gets worse yet apex is still holding on to its greatness.
Hype
C H E E S E
Just Play Titanfall 2 again  yesterday...yeah!!!!!
ive been around since season 2 but I never really got into playing until season 5. I've always loved apex and its lore
Only 4hours
Also lunch in india
im a titanfall 2 fan so I can't wait for new lore and to try valkyrie out
I’m so excited for this season
"Voodoo 1, Valkyrie's on station. The skies belong to now legend, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide"
Sheeeeeeeeesh
Apex trailers always hype me up let's go baby🔥
meme trailer time!
And I'm at work when this drops 😭
Baby
Yea babay
АГА
i hope when valky will use her ult her jetpack will make viper's noise
here are players who love pathfinder
รออีกนานเลย
LESSS A GOOO
vamos warzone que se viene nuevo mapa
Don’t rush to your ends, I linger on those final moments.
caustic buff pls
Viper on staition your journey ends here pilot
There’s no season it’s just legacy there’s no season
BRUH I CANT WAIT TO HEAR - CAN I SPEAK TO YOUR MANAGER... BRUH IM SO GOING TO MAIN HER YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
and what about ash
amen to this
IM on Asia IM 22 pm
Can I finally come back to apex after grinding some more Titanfall 2
maybe i make battle pass 110 too early
Pretend I’m a random verified YouTube that you have never heard of
mark my words: "Season Legacy will be the greatest season of Apex history."
see you babyyyy in 8 AM PT
Mozambique here
I’m so hype
SUS
octane ;(
Please buff crypto
Whoelse here is just for the lore?
Oh no, my up coming 3 days holiday is gonna be fun.
This season finna be a wild one
Hypeeee
Let's go
MAN LIFES GOOD BABY
season 9 starts may 4th right?
Cuack
Ayyy
Les gooooo
SEASON 9 COMES OUT ON MY BIRTHDAY 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Hype!! season 8 pred here top 50 ps4 hi guys !! ready for that season 9 rank
Кто думает что мираж опять здохнет  👇
when does season 9 begin?
it will be the best season ever!
Actually kinda hyped around the new seasons everytime
premieres in 15 hours  4000 people: I will wait with Patience
Is it comeing today?
Yuh
Let's gooooo
Season 9!!!!! New season amazing :)
シーズン9だぁぁぁぁぁぁ
Tell me release date
Cant wait to watch mirage die again in this trailer
Back cos i heard they bringing out the titans
Bois I got a final at 9 so wish me luck and I cant wait to watch this once I'm done:)
pretend I said something extremely cool and like my comment... plz      its just a jokeeeee lol
Who feels the hype again?
Ahhhh
Shiii I have to grind for awhile to work off my days of being gone
"...and discover if you have what it takes to survive when there’s nowhere to hide." ok viper
Imagine if titans were added in some way. Most likely not but a man can dream
I CANT BELIEVE I ALMOST PLAYED THIS GAME FOR 9 YEARS- UH I MEAN FOR 9 SEASONS
Kanne wait dearie!
I’m a frog 🐸 lol
Pharah:I'm the weakest character in overwatch. Fortnite:planes! Valk: this is fine
hey
What’s this. Is this the new season
How long  😀
“Voodoo one, Vipers on Station, your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.”
Play Valk for 10 match and will still maining bloodhound 😂  Still waiting on crypto rework
Waiting for Titan FALL!
Apex: you gotta wait for season nine  Fuse: no can do mate
SEASON 9 LES GOOO DA BABY
Not bad, not bad... for you Syndicate dogs.
Ok everything is ok but a f***ing bow?!
Voodoo 1 vipers on station your journey ends here pilot the skies belong to me nowhere to run nowhere to hide
Alguien español?
SEASON 9 POG🙌
One thing I'm excited for is World's edge
I am super HIPED RN! Let's go
I hope the music is good, it usually is
who's seeing this i 2023
New legend is beatiful
Everyoneat season 9: Valk is op In the mid season:she needs a nerf.
I hope mirage dosent die in this trailer
Uu rr uu rr uu rr
❤💎
Cheese Ball Valk Skin.  P.S. Good the season is almost here
4+ years in the making, from Viper to Valkyrie.From Northstar to portable-Titan.From War to Blood Games.From Titanfall 2 to Apex Legends.
i was here before it premiered. just remember that.
I can’t wait to see what they did to fuse octane wraith and lifeline
Ape Legs
5 by 5, see you there.
Let’s go
So what happened future me
JUST 8 HRS. Take ur Doritos, and wait. :D
Hype!!!!
LETSSSS GOOOOO!
Yo, I am scared of valk, it looks like she might have a missile turret type thing.
Nintendo Switchで経験値入らないバグ直してください
LETSS GOOOOO
I always support ea
Let’s goo
Weeeeeeeee
is northstar the or better valkyrie the new charackter ?
Anyone want play drop your ID and i add you
Haha bocek bow goes brrrrrrrr
Acá esperando el estreno con comida 🍔🌭🥤
0:52 peackeeper come back to normal drop? 0:55 Octane speed buff? 1:39 Mirage voyage come to Olympus? 1:44 Loba tactical buff?
Paste this into the live chat... █████╗░░█████╗░░█████╗░██╗░░██╗██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██║░██╔╝██║░░╚═╝██║░░██║██║░░╚═╝█████═╝░██║░░██╗██║░░██║██║░░██╗██╔═██╗░╚█████╔╝╚█████╔╝╚█████╔╝██║░╚██╗░╚════╝░░╚════╝░░╚════╝░╚═╝░░╚═╝.
POGGERS
Poogers
everyone: give me the titanfall 3
First to type first
Does anyone know when the teaser will be gone because I got grounded like a day before it was live and I want that banner
POG
GG 9 HOURS
Let’s go
Queeeeeeee.... Como???
YA BOIIIIIII
Arriba españa
Buff a crypto
Yeeeeeeee boiiiii
Really hopeful / excited to see some bangaLORE, high hopes for season 9!!! Great job so far respawn!
Im gonna die
Season 0 to season 9 and still no heirloom... Let's gooo 😭
YEEEEEEE
All platform users will unite over a shared experience from a new season for the first time in Apex Legends. This Is. The. LEGACY.
Waiting for apex mobile. Thank you so much for debuting in India. Lots of love ❤️❤️😍😍 Edit: please make it compatible for all smartphones as i am unable to pre-register 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Pog!  Edit: and it’s over ten hours after I made this comment (11:06 est)
AYE WHATUP HOMIES ITS ALMOST HERE
When is season 9 out?
I’ll see all in the  arena Can’t wait 🗡🗡⚔️⚔️😵😵
Why viper?
So muuuuch hype 😮
bunker boy his bunker boys
mozambique here
LEGACY IS COMING BOIS 🥵
Apex legends mobile confirmed
Game tr@shhhh
The loot pool is trash and so is olympus. They've got so much to fix with this  game it's unreal.
EGG
egg
ay yo were da boys at doe
We get Viper back... in a way. I hope Valkyrie wears his helmet in one of the skins
i feel like the peacekeepers coming back, whoever sees thus comment after the trailer, like because i feel like im hype. APEX LEGENDS LEGACY
Ayo season comes out on my bday
Apex legend mobile is coming soon
More titanfall content?
“Legacy” is so cheesy, just call it season 9. y’all trying too hard
" Get your hands up baby,  Oh yeah" 🎶 black clover 🍀  reference
Season 9 will be a true Legacy
lesss gooooo man respawn plz make a dababy legend SEAON 10
Cant wait for 3v3 mode!
I just can’t wait
Lets see this boyyyss
Its sad since i can alrealy feel the nerfs coming to valk
SEASON 9 LET'S GOOO
Crypto’s computer: meh  Computer while waiting: noice   Cryptoes
But wait I have battle pass but I am in only 100 now I want longbow 110 skin 😕
It's here finally multiple next is netflix shows
apex coming to mobile but i don't even have a compatible phone
I can already see Valk getting a nerf in the first week of the new season
Update:(
30 gb let's go
LESS GOOOOOO I CAN’T WAIT TO PLAY VALKYRIE
WHOOOOOOOOOOO GET READY FOR TITANFALL CONTENT!!
Let’s go baby
Ahora se viene lo chido
I can’t finish’s I the battle pass in time☹️😔
😳 Like si quieres que haya doblaje latino en Apex 😳
da baby?
Man i need a drink
Hi boyss😎✌
Can't wait
Flight core ready
оеголг егоеег огео
With all these nerfs Lifeline should just be called Life, because this is crossing the line
Mozambique Here
Can I speak to your manager?
I'm so sad  I have school so I can't see the trailer when it drops but season nine hype lest hope it's not like season 5
season 9 here we go bois
at this point apex legends about to be named Titan Fall Extension     im not mad all either
See you all in season 9 legacy let's gi
LETS FREAKIN GOOOO
New season Lets Gooo Babyyy
In apex legends
Cant wait to see how the Bow works
what are you doing today? me: yes
Looking forward to "ALL" yes it spells ALL🧐😁 BRING ON THE GLITCHES BABYEEE😍
Sweet im here this is gonna be great 👍
Please fix all the bugs/issues instead of making new content
fortite is beter then tis bad gane
FINALLY I AM SO EXCITED FOR THIS NEW SEASON 😍 🙌
How about the apex legends mobile? 😐
WAIT IM ALMOST AT DIAMOND GIVE ME ANOTHER WEEK I JUST NEED 200 RP
The amount of likes this get is the amount of season 9 kills you gonna get
Can't wait for the inevitable wraith/valk/octane and pathy/valk/horizon squads
Apex Mobile? New season? New map? CAN'T WAIT FOR IT!
Let out legacy begin
*Premieres in 12 hours 3.5k people: I’ll wait
Let’s see what we’re working with here, woah nice teaser,
Premieres in 12 hours: apex community: "Yes"
My gametag is unknown. See you lads on the field
I'm gonna per myself
I quit Fortnite for this and it was the best decision I ever done
15 verified accounts what is happening
i need sields
Mmmmm hotdogs 🤤
TITANFALL POG
Hola
Ay
Ooooook
When the life gives you broken giant robot you've got to make a jetpack out of it
2062nd btw
Apex is 🗑!
Hype!
Yessir
Hype‼️
Mozambique here
Season 9 gonna be lit
Can’t wait
Season 9 got me hyped, the arena was severely underwhelming though, hope it gets a continuation because the build up so far is extremely good!
It feels like this is happening kind of soon tbh, not complaining though
CAN'T WAIT 👀
I pray for wraith buff
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 😀
sheeeeeeeeesh
Mozambique
if a see a whole north star titan in front of me i’m deleting the game😃
13 hours
This will be the legacy of titanfall 3
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
30-30リピーターisGOD
Dababy
Can i get a sheeesh!
I’m so happy the trailer came early
No mames
Wait. Does season 9 come out as soon as the trailer?
d a d y apex is hype
1:29
Wraith beat by horizon beat valk.
Oh yeah new seson 9
Apex going forward is being the only reason why I can’t suicide yet
Let's get it bois. Apex legends forever
Yessss valk im comming.babyyyyyyyy
Ok
13 HOURS!!!! I’M SO HYPE
😎😎😎
I love lifeline she is the best
Lets go
Season 8 went by fast
This is the best game  ever
We hype bois
Game is dead
Apex is adding bows. I wonder where they got that from hmmmmm 🤔
Titans in Apex one time???
Lol, anybody who hasnt played as a titan in tf2 is fcked  (If they add them as usable machines)
I can't wait :)
Plz see this respawn I got 2 thousand damage on bloodhound and I did not get the bage for it and it will be great if you saw this
Season 9 gonna be awesome!!!
Estoy seguro que va salir rampart en el tráiler o al menos eso esperó
CCCOOONMMEEEE IOOONNNNN
I can’t wait for season 9 I just joined in season 7 and all ready at level 213 can’t wait for season 9 Legacy
Who's here since season 1??
S8 came and went so so fast for me
Everyone and their mommas going to choose Valkyrie if they get first choice 😂😂
I finally get my dive trail
Yeaaaaahhhhhhh
YEET
Let gooooooo
It should be at 12 instead of 11...I take lunch at 12
Haha it's like me but no bruh 😶
I hope they bring back world edge
Didn’t even finish the battle pass 🥲
Why can't it be next week 😫
hi
yEeeeee
yea
It’s not season 9....it’s just legacy.
hi
*LESS GOOOOOOO*
Aright mate lets hope l can find a real pilot in there :)
“Justice rains from above” better be a voice line
If Valkyrie doesn’t have a skin with vipers helmet or a titan pilot suit, I’m gonna flip
I mind Blisk must wait all Hero and blisk can join Apex match because him is create the Apex legend,realy Valk?
im from the future NERF VALK
SHEEEEEEEEEEEE
As Da Baby once said:  Lesss gooo
Do you know the muffin man
season coming out after my bday feeling great
The skies were my fathers now they belong to me, no where to run nowhere to hide ypur journey ends here legend
HERE WE GO AGAIN
I wanna die
i js hit plat 4 🥶
Less goooo
this is good
the new mirage short film
Need servers upgrade in 9 season
12 days
Is the season out tommorow
No more low profile for wraith 🤤
SEASON 9 HERE WE COME 🔥
hopefully they add cross progression so i can finally play the game again
Do I but Octane or wait for Valk ??
season 8 literally flew by so fast I expected a vid like this like 2-4 weeks later
This better be worth it?
SEASON SIXY ALMOST HEREEE😂
•_• i’m waiting
litttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Why do I feel like she going to replace horizon
Bro who's hyped? Because I am flipping hyped!
Who gonna buy the legend in the first day
Premier, starts in 15 hours:  Me:  JUST GOTTA WAIT A LITTLE :))))))
Pray for Lifeline
🥥
You’d think that the “launch” trailer would release at launch
hellyes
Where’s diceboi? 🥺
Never thought this game i found randomly would be a part of my life
DUDE!!! SCHOOL ENDS IN 5 WEEKS AND ITS ALMOST HERE
GO AHEAD AND TELL YOUR TEAMMATES YOU CALL DIBS!
Легасу)
Hey apex heirloom can I have it
Hello your survey beacon has computer virus
Pog!
R.I.P SEASON 8
What am I more hyped for the birth of my child or season 9   Take a randoms guess
VOODOO ONE. Vipers on station.....
Last time I was here zylbrad was the top comment
I wish apex season 9 made it to we’re you could play as every single legend in the firing range even if you don’t have them so you can test them out 😒
I’ve already got 20 bomb on my valk
Tbh I am more hyped than I was for season 7
Lol
I want a Titanfall 3.
(Revenant voice) Have you ever the feeling that you are waiting for new season alone ? you are not.......
HALLELUJAH HALLELUJAH HALLELUJAH HALLELUJAH HALELUUUUUUJAAAAAAAA
Im just glad maggie took a tumble and isn't the new legend.
I feel like something bad is about to happen to Valk
Nobody:All the big boys here before the trailer even released getting thousands of likes.   Me:  -Let me post something early to milk likes-    ... man I’m hyped 16 hours before premiere!!!
I feel most alive when rapidly approaching the new season
Yeeeees
Did you read this all?            Did you.?            Are you suree you did-?                 DON'T GO FURTHER  HE'LL SEE YOU          OH NO ITS TO LATE!               Okay seriously go away           The princess is in a different castle            You can play as Luigi now.                       If you reply with Cyan ill know you read this                                                     BUT if you see this type red
Yeeee season 8 worst season
I really look forward to play arenas! please be good please be good...
Bro season 9 best season ever?
Let’s go
Lost and forgotten, Legacy calls out to them, Pilots wake! Rejoice!
if her titan suit doesnt have dragon wings as a skin i dont want her.
Welp, here comes another flying meta again... now what, rampart turret on Valk?
Just remember, we get a gameplay trailer after this one too... Life's good baby
This game’s legacy is better than Fortnite’s  by not making the same mistake as mechs/full sized Titans.
the new legend better not be broken..
BOW USERS STAND UP!!
Nigah
Yyyyyayyayayayayayaya
Let'$ GO my friends season 9 is here Its the best season from Apex legends
Eshaaaaaaaaay!!!
Dababy is the new legend?
Jejehehe
Let's goooooo
I'll main valk to honor viper
1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,legacy,10    I'm sure it will be titled season 9. Don't jump out of your seat.
Cant wait for Legacy
I hope season 9 never coming glitch something bad  and fix all game and sever ❤
considering it only took 2 years to get here this is such a well made game
Woooooo let’s goooo
Who else is maining valk next season?
1:24 best moment
Imagin Valk is like Viper
I’ve save all my apex tokens for this
Man I broke my Computer and I’m scared to tell my brother but I really want to play this season😓😓
Bruh if this season isn’t better than this season imma be so disappointed
AAAAAA
If this shows even more Titanfall content than the last SFTO then ima be the happiest guy alive
Hi there could u please release the queen's guard wraith skin sepretly again as I never got to get it thank u.
CANT WAIT >w<
Pk to ground loot baby!
yess baby
E
I WAS HERE
Buff servers
I’m suspended on my ps4 account😭😭😭
Pog
VALK's on station the skies belong to me. No where to run no where to hide.
Me agny because I have school at 10..
Yuh yuh yuh yuh yuh
My god please announce tdm, or better, titanfall 3
READ ME : According to GOOGLE, the trailer will be 3:06 min long!!
I've got used to this, 9 seasons, except the first one leaked. Can't wait.
F train to pay respects to lifeline
Pog
Me: *sees this trailer premiere*  Also me: *waiting for Macro’s response in comment section*
They bringing more and more Titanfall stuff into this game, im so pumped!!
Xbox gamertag technicrock. Caustic main!! See you guys in legacy!!!
🅰️🅱️🅾️🅱️🅰️
What is this  New season?
Sezon 8 byeee ;))
Popoga
I like potatoes! It’s my favorite color!!
the entire live chat be like: LoL dAbAbY cAr
Апекс такая  игра на которую  смотришь ,а желание играть в titanfall 2
​⚫👶🏾⚫ lol dababy car
When does it officially come out I’m confused?
Do you guys think they'll bring out the PK in S9?
LETS GOOO IM SO HYPE!!!
subaru legacy
YOOT
Hype for content creators like me
ok but loba buff when
Le Disque Solaire s'élève et le cycle se termine
I’m so HYPED for season 9
Let’s goooo
@sock i hate you
@sock i love you
Respect to respawn, they making awesome trailers 🙌🏻👏🏻
God i loved viper and i was a northstar main in titanfall 2
I hope this is a trailer where we get to see the new map updates on Olympus. Soooooo excited 😁😁😁
Like to pay respects for the end of seasons
Let's goooooooo
I hope one of valks skins is her wearing the pilot helmet
SEASON LEGACY HERE I COME
SHEEEESH
Let’s goooo
Season  9 babyyyyyyyyyyy
Where’s season 9
W
I am so hyped for season 9 for the diamond dive trail
Yo can’t wait this will be dope
Why do I get the feeling mirage finally won't get murdered🤔
Oh I’m so ready
I LUV APEX SOOO MUCH
I Hype Hype
Hype
Respawn : “look to titan fall very intensified”                       “Titan fall start to sweat”  ——  “the respawn glass shine”                      *(the background music intensifies)*
Caustic: can’t wait dissect her!
WAITING FOR SEASON 9
I am sooooooooooooooo hyped
WOOOOO SEASON 9 IS ALMOST HERE
Dang, I can’t believe this game has been out over 2 years... wow.
Crypto: I AM THE COOLEST ASIAN IN THE GAME Valk: hold my jetpack
Here we go again
Everyone hyped about Valk's mechanics but deep down we all know no one will drop their main for any other legend
Let's goooo
Br esperando ?
*When you realize this premieres on your birthday*
Sheesh!
Cannot wait for this. This game really did save my life and helped to give me motivation when I truly need It in my life. Here's to Apex's Legacy!
Big hype for season9 🙃. Btw if any apex devs read this, could u pls maybe try and add a African server, it would help alot. But otherwise thanks for keeping the game really fun and making the game really fairly balanced.
😍😍😍
Si lees esto es que encontraste un comentario español y eran s afortunado de encontrarlo
20$ mexicanos xd
Valk mains when valk isnt even out yet : 😢😢😢😢😭😭😭😥😥😥😥😰😰😰😰
my time machine worked pog
I love this game but I never have anyone to play with. If anyone is looking for a weekend warrior to get some dubs with my GT: Treynaydoe
LES GOOOOOO ITS ALMOST HERE
Who's here for season 9
Gamepass noooo
19 hours!!!
If we don’t get a fuse buff I’m gonna be furious
ook
I hate this game ban me respawn but I'm going to say it if you take lifelines shield I'm eating my arms off
Lesss go
Fortnite x Apex
Arenassss let’s gooooo
Any primes?
C O N T E N T
LETTSSSSS GOOOOOOOO
Do titanfall updates bro
Lets gooooooo
little Viper joins Apex 😳
Ready to fight fellas!
Hype!
I am excited for season 9
me hyped for season 9 just to watch "goodbye season 8.exe" on youtube
Pog moment
Can't wait to finally have a darker map, my eyes won't have to bleed on olympus anymore lol
LESSS GOOOOO
When u first get to play valkyrie but then u realised the fact that u killed her dad😔
💥Offical Hype Button💥
Valkyrie: Comes out in season 9      "This is your champion" A Valkyrie with a 4K, 20 bomb badge and 100,000 kills on Valkyrie in the first hour.           *Jumps off the map*
the last 7 days going to be a hard grind boysss
Season 3 might be second best but it won't
-20 hours!
WEE WEE WOO WOO
i have SCHOOL
Preapare for titanfall
Uwu
So 2000 people are waiting even thought this is going out tomorrow’s
Rip season 9
Respawn: time to release Legacy trailer! Mirage: Here we go again
Apex a todos los nivel 500 dales 2 reliquias mi   Nombre oAXELØØFo plis
Give us Apex legends mobile !!!!!!!!!!!!!
SHEEEEEEEEEESH LESS GOOO
Where my bow at m8?
Stand by for Titanfall
Low-budget viper  *change my mind*
If Apex wasn’t a thing, quarantine would’ve been a lot harder for us, I’m sure we can all agree?
Why are people watching this rn
But I'm getting my wisdom teeth pulled tomorrow NOOOOOOOO!!!!
Remember back in season 4 the devs were talking about adding class based abilites and all we got it for was recon
Valk: can i speak to your manager. Everybody: 😑...
What is that?
early gang
The bow+Valk's (alleged) ability to fly= bad and dangerous
Can anyone help me with my battle pass, I can’t play rn and am only at 65
buff mozambiqe .exe
lets go dibidy ba
This is fire can't wait
CMON FASTER
Everybody gangsta until a verified person i dont know show up
bro homestly only season 3 and season 7 had me this excited
If Valk does not have a love interest then Imma be so upset- ✨
Spitfire needs to crop a nerf pls
Leys gooo!  I love apex legens❤❤❤
I am here for the part about Arenas
noice
LETS GOOOOO!!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
At night??
xd
To all simps you have a new queen
What a rush
Legacy doesn't just mean Valk's relationship with Viper. It's also a callback to Apex's predecessor...TITANFALL!  Or not. I dunno lol
Pogchamp
give us blisk as legend, WE ALL WANT HIS VOICELINES WITH DAT ACCENT!!!
Just replayed the tf2 campaign to hype myself up for this
time for karen mains to rise
あーっちっちあちち
Será sombrero Entonces era asombroso este momento cuando lo van a presentar este mami vente
We cant help that we popular, and all these folks wanna flok to us, color and show and just rock with us, a 1millon plus with binoculars,  ima be, ima be, ima be, ima be, ima be living that good life Ima be living that good good.
imagine maining Valk instead of revanant
I am totally shipping Mirage and Rampart!
Here we go!
One of valks voice lines should be north stars missle noise Srry I forgot the name, then vipers intro but for apex
"CaN i SpEaK tO yOuR mAnAgEr?"
Why two weeks early istg
Revert kc to season 1 please respawn.
Spend less time on new seasons and more time on making all legends balanced and fixing bugs.
Here we go again :D
Valk’s skins better be peak 💧
**it will be out 21 hours later**  2,1k People: yeah i will wait
Can’t wait
Let's go i m br
Bamboozled 🥽
Titanfall 3
Pilots, time to rise up
GIVE ME MY DIAMOND TRAIL
LETS GOOOOOO
LESSSS GO
Can't wait
Time to sleep for 21 hours
The trailer will last 3:06 min
3:09 Minutes long, i got u 🤙🏽
PearKeeper here!!!🍐🍐🍐🍐
I kinda miss season 1 dropping on skull town and after that getting a pk or  a r301
First comment?  Haha
Yo sick its coming out on my birthday ill buy this legend right as she comes out
Yay!❤️
Lesss go‼️🔥
Ahh I cannot wait for valk and arenas
In the wise words of dababy, LESSS GOOOOOO
I played Aoex some strange just check what I uploaded
Season 9, FASTER, FASTER, FASTER
Cant wait but I know it will be here in no time just like season 8 , I was so hype and it didn't disappoint 🙂 Had some great games with the 30 - 30  It's not that good but it's cool sometimes, cant wait to see what is next💆🏻‍♂️ 🤙🏼
So are we just gonna forget what "launch trailer" means...
Season 7 was the best season of apex so far, and for some reason I’m getting that type of vibe
Hey that’s my birthday 🥳🎂
Cant believe people are angry about it being legecy and not 9 like what , who cares 🙂😂 Maybe if you follow the story you will get it  I don't so I don't
Petition for cheaters to not hack this game and be nice to us for this one time
First
If my boy mirage dies
Cant waiiiiiittttttt!
WOOO YE
please be an nf song
❤️❤️❤️
Infested Olympus about to be fireeeee🔥🔥🔥🔥
Let's bring back Scorch in Season 10, maybe even throw in Blisk?
Y'all made a Japanese Karen lol
My legacy:🤯🤯🤯🤯
YES WE GONNA BE FLYIN TITANS *TitanFall2 Flashbacks*
I wanna hear Valk say: “THE SKIES ARE MINE”
Please do something about Hackers after Diamond 💎 Rank it’s unplayable to reach master this will not end up with good for apex legends !
Viper on station.
Can't wait to choose Valk and my teammates leaving lol
Legacy viper is getting love
Valk better waifu than Loba
something is gonna break
e
If she doesn’t have a voice line about speaking to a manager, I don’t want her
Chat gang is the best
ok 9 season don't season season it's legasy
season 9 heeereee I commmmmeee. oh, sorry season legacy? heeereee I commmee
Thia might be the season I hit master... (if thwy add wallrunning)
PVP MODE BABY LETS GOOOOOOOO
Didn't expect the new legend to be a Karen
I just care about world’s edge
Can u make new character super overpowered for first day so i could get a good video out of it
I cant wait for new season
I just want Valk's dropoff voiceline to be "Skies belong to me"
Another hottie on Apex from the syndicates
POOOG
Aw yeah
Releasing a launch trailer now? But the next season is in 13 days how does that make sense?
楽しみ
This would be the best season get ready!!
Can’t wait
Everyone in the waiting room for the trailer!!!!
Make the legends go time travel to S1 of the game and when they get back to the the correct time, they will meet the new character who is dominating the world for the next season..
LESSS GOOOOOO
Les go
Repeater buff when
😭 i always take breaks from apex at the best times yyyyyyyyyyy
We all just liking a video that we haven't even seen yet because we all know it's gonna be good
Sempre é muito bom o hype e esses trailers em véspera de nova season
I’m ecstatics
Hope crypto gets a emote
Waittt........ Whatttt....... No way
Yeah bou
cant waaaaaiaiiiiittttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've completed 4 battle passes but i haven't bought any of them. F
Be honest I left Apex for a while because lack of updates but I just came back in season 8 and loving it again so now I'm hyped
Valk is going to be either an extremely OP or a piece of trash, no between
Why season 8 passed so fast!!!?
Lets goooooooo
We've got this in the pipe, 5 by 5
I killed her dad 10 times. Time for a new main lol
Apex Legend Legacy will be Legacy of Apex Legend!.
Valk better have viper quotes for her holo  things
LETS GOO SO HYPED
The sky's mine pilot Nowhere to Run nowhere to hide
I now legacy is coming out
I NEVER HEARD OF A SEASON 9
Let's gooo
Hype
I have a question. I thought season 9 was coming out may 4th. It says launch trailer so does that mean season 9 is coming out tomorrow?
Good thing I have apex coins ready to buy her when it comes out
FASTER! FASTER! FASTER!
Hey Apex, for Season 10 you mind adding a British legend cause me: a fellow British feels like You should make a British legend
Ik they hyped up season 9 but it’s apex so I’m not to excited
what if some of the legends become the new generation of Apex predators working with Blisk and that’s how they transition into Titanfall 3
Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!  I saw this in my recommended and silently freaked
Voodoo 1: Viper on station. Your journey ends here, pilot. The skies belong to me. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
fIX UR HIT REG PREDICTION ON SERVER AND CLIENT SIDE
Imagine dying to a valk and she goes “can I speak to your manager”
Oh boy this is gonna be good
lets gooooooooooo
Season 9 is almost here babyyyyyy
Wait did they name the season after me? 🥺 thanks apex jk
Eeeees
This bout to be the best season 🤫🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
horizonv.2 is ready to become a legend
Titanfall vets, gimme a aye, cuz we in for a ride
ValKaren
In my area it’ll start at 4:00PM  Edit: and, For people who don’t what the release date.. (if you are, your dumb af) it’s May 4th
oi
Stand by for titanfall
Hype
Buff Caustic
I thought it was next week but it’s today
yooooooooooooooooooooooo
Bruh this finna be golden
There better be a “can i speak to your manager” line
WHATS GOING ON!?!?!?!?
ALRIGHT MATES! LET'S GIVE THIS A BLAST AYE?!
This season looks pretty promising
tomorrow is my birthday and a new apex legends trailer is coming! best birthday gift so far
"My callsign is Valkyrie, and you will live to remember it" *Walks away in style*
Please give valk a skin where she wears vipers helmet, it would make my day
Anybody else going back to watch all the launch trailers before this one?? It’s basically a tv show lol
Get outta here season 8 bring me SEASON 9 already!!!
Hype
As a North Star main in titanfall 2 I’m easily going to main her
This season is gonna be one of the best seasons yet, I can feel it!!!
Best cinematic trailer ever
Season 9 let's go
*this titanfall related content got me on a infinite hype, i need this now*
Less gooo
I'm hyped!!!
are we going to have better servers on season 9 ????????
If tomorrow the new legend in apex
The cinematics for this game are out of this world
SEASON 9 HYPEEEEE
POG
Let's gooooo 🔥🔥🔥🔥
F my BB f  go K t  V me g D N mmm ur
Что такое legasy? What is that?
SOON COME SEASON 9   LET LEGACY BE THE LEGACY 🔥  VALK HYPEEEE 🥶🔥
LEEESSSSS GGOOOOOO!!!!!🎉🎉🎉
Yoo
It’s soon I can’t wait
Let’s goooooooo
Lessss gooo
*Voodoo One, Viper's on station. Your journey ends here. The skies belong to me, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide* If this isn't a quip for Valk, I'm gonna cry.
Can't wait to try the new legend
Save my boy octane
I redownload apex legends
Let’s go go go goo
imagine not clapping cheeks in season 9
Coool......never been hyped before like this time💥
Available in Mobile🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hopefully you guys fix the bug where the game constantly crashes
STAND BY FOR TITANFALL...Oh wait
Русские...
Valk: “Can I speak to your manager” Me: Ok here’s my 12th new main
Will season 8 be the last apex season?
Session nine in the pipe five by five                                     Don’t correct me
Theory: the olympus mu was caused by horizon trying to time travel. (Remember in the sfto of horizon we did see olympus covered in plants)
Just want Cooper in the game already
We need a TV series based off Apex Legends.
Let's all take a moment and thank Respawn for giving us Apex. Thank you.
"It just keeps getting better"
🔥🔥🔥
I've already put a preventive like
There is no Santa Claus!! There is no Toothfairy!! And there IS. NO. SEASON 9!!!
Why does everyone say lets go but don't tell us where they are going
All the buffs and nerfs coming and an amazing looking new legend and the arena mode this season is gonna be great!
This is where the fun begins
Daddy
Ye
this is very poggers
Wait hype so hype cant wait
Titanfall fans: The time has come, for OUR legacy
LETS GOOOO
This video is going to be 3 minutes long
Where banana?
Shawsheeee
Good thing im done with battle bass
E
👉🌚👈 less goooo new season INCOMING
A wuevo temporada 9
Season 9 should have titans
I like how they call them laubch trailers even though they release like a week before launch
Where's server   Can't even play with friends please don't disappoint 🤦🏻‍♂️
I THOUGHT WAS ASH IN THE GAME
YESSS SIRRR
Season 8 went by so quick
titanfall fans rn:😲
CHWAŁA WIELKIEJ POLSCE
.... There's no Season number. Interesting.  Also place your Mirage death predictions here
Excelente
Season LEGACY 🥳🥳
Everyday I pick up that controller, I fight for the Legacy of Respawn. Long may they reign! Those who shall not be named stole their baby. But Respawn kept fighting. Then they seemed doomed in the face of giants. But they kept Fighting.
Let's go!
POG
Vamos 😎
Its gunna be fun being able to shoot all the new valk mains out of the sky with sheila
Let's gooo season 9 yessir
This is the hype......
Sooo hyped
There’s still like 15 days left why are they hyping us this much
List of stuff we are gonna see in the trailer:  1.Valk  2.Mirage dies for the 2039829138 time 3.Olympus changes
GIMME SEASON 9!!
Geez That previous out lands story was God tier
HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH HOOH HOH HOOOOOOH
POG
Ayeee this is nice. This vid is coming out on my birthday!
Apex LEGENDS mobile letsgoo
may 4th...wait a minute, Darth vader???
Pog
Thank god its almost here.....
I'm so hypppeddd
I’m praying that we get a jungle themed map... tired of octane kicking sand and snow in my face
turbokisiel
Apx no te mueras nunca perro!!!!!
IM READY BRING THE HEAT
I really hope valk says "Valkyrie on station" when you land or pick her
"Can I speak to your manager" valks a Karen
Imagine vibing with your team and a second later getting blown up by a rocket
So pumped 🔥
Ohh bois here we GOOOOO
I play this game all the time and YouTube it how was I not subscribed lol fail😂
Yes.
No habrá tempordada 9 hasta que pase esta :'v
I'm hoping for a rampart and valk voice line because rampart was helping valk with her machine!. I think I'd be cool!
When you realize there is 11 days 5 hours 54 minutes and 31 seconds to season 9
Voodoo 1, Viper on station. Your journey ends here pilot, the skies belong to me. Nowhere to run. Nowhere to hide.
I am a switch player and since this it is  my first season i am going to experience from start I am so FRIKiN HYPED!!
Isnt she suppose to be japanese, and i need an japanese accent or langguage
I've been gone seance season 7 and I'm coming back for titans
I don't understand.  WHY ARE THERE ALREADY 24 DISLIKES IT HASN'T BEEN RELEASED YET
remember: valk=karen "can i speak to your manager"
come on baybe
What's the time on this one? Like how long is it?
This is it. Never thought I’d see the day of apex having 9 seasons. This season about to be chaotic!!❤️
Almost
vaalk gots you in the pipe 5 by 5 pilot
me when the is the
‘’Pilot’’ used to mean something...
🖤
Sheeeesh
Legacy is near. Lets go
This season 9??
People get bored of this game because they have to wait almost 30min to get in the match. But when they just get in, they die less than 1min. And then they gonna have to wait it back.   I ask my friends to play with me. and they just play about 3 times and they already get bored....  Now im getting bored cause i dont know who am i gonna ask
ほうほう
YESSSSS
new season bla bla bla...better that fix game 😠
Apex:Release Trailer Me:*sees that it will take 23hrs* Also me:It’ll be worth it
Mozambique here?
🤭🤭
Legacy? Wait is that Like past or something?
Cant wait for arenas
CHICKEN
MozamDi*k here...
Worlds edge rebooted!!!!!
Titanfall 3 please next year.
Waiting on prowler or peacekeeper to be ground
Sooo Excited Lets Gooo
Is season 9 broken ?
RIP LIFELINE
This will be the first season I think I’ll really sink my teeth into.  Been a titanfall fan for years, and the story for this season really interests me, plus I hope the new legend is fun!
Best BR in the world ❌🧢
23h for the trailer? Ah! _i'll wait._
....🧢 👉🏿😁👈🏿  *LESSSGOOOOOOO!!!*
Marking my presence for this historic event
i have been playing since season 2
Respawn is the best company ever conceived in gaming, Titanfall fans spread the hype.
Ash😎👌
Bababooey
SEASON NINE😩✨
See you all in Season Legacy
THEY SAID IT THEY SAID NO WHERE TO HIDE
I hope 120 fps next gen console
Solo estoy aquí por el modo Arena 🤟
楽しみやねぇ
I have enough Legend tokens so lets see if valk is good cant wait to play het
👍👍😍🤤
great good wonderful
Guys I think we’re going to worlds edge
Horizon: I can hover in the sky and get out of tough predicaments Valkyrie: I can hover in the sky and shoot you with my nukes.
Waiting here with MOVEMENT.
Uwu
Who's ready for those diamond trails ?
Fortpex legend Chapter2 legacy
I feel most alive when rapidly approaching a new update
Baby viper better have her fathers voicelines
Anyone betting for a Season 9 event to be something with flying. I dunno just thinking aloud
DON'T NERF LIFELINE
Me: looks at apex legends and see new premiere video *realizes its 23 hours before premiering* **dies**
Yes season 9 hurry up
Hype alert 🚨
Yessir apex🔥
i pray that these last few weeks before Legacy go extremely fast for everyone.
Valk:"uhhhh can l speak to the manager🙄 you'll be hearing from my lawyers
Hi zilbrad
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Xd
All i can say is season 8 has been a good season but not the best but that's alright 7/10 (only reason numerous ultra zones)
ITS COMING SOON
Say yep in chat if you’re looking forward to season nine
The mobile version need some hype.
Yessirrrrrrrrr
Yey
im still in season 2 in my thoughts time is too fast
wow
Yes
Bamos hermanos  latinoamericanos
As a valk main I can say, her ultimate is kinda OP
GG
3:06
Can’t wait
Not so fast!
joe mama
Oh yeah baby  Let's go gamers 😎😉
Così senza neanche parlarne
Being a fan of titanfall since day one I’m happy to see some tf2 characters in this game But in tf2 there’s a lot more northstars for some reason that are all low level
👀
Wooohoooooooooooooo,  what a rush
*WAIT NO PLEASE I DONT WANT TO MISS 5 SEASONS STRAIGHTTT*
You who else waiting for that hovering valk ultimate with titan weapons.
Pliss eliminate crossplay this season 8 has been the worst full of PC hackers i miss playing just with console people it was fair now is full of aimbot noobs
He wacho dónde está la comunidad hispana? Tenemos que hacer saber que estamos re hypepeados.
Hah dababy has blessed this video
This trailer is getting released on my birthday🤣 I guess this can count as a birthday gift lol.  Edit: Thank you for the birthday gift
Buff wattson please!
Come on why could you not just release the trailer today
When’s worlds edge
Anyone else notice the fact that it doesn't say Season 09 anywhere? At all?
I don't know y but I am afraid, will apex legends end??? Because blisk was shown completely and titanfall contents(not titans) are coming and Ash's scary (but really beautiful) voice was heard in the arena teaser. Is apex ending??
ha get it. "launch" trailer and the character launches into the air.........     ok ill see myself out :{
Blisk better be a legend at somepoint, or rather a event where you can play as blisk. That would be epic
If the season 9 was a bow it would be good
is this the season 9 trailer or what?
Worlds Edge needs a return.
If the movemont of her jettpack´s gonna be satisfying I´m maining apex again
Anyone here hoping around a week or so after Season 9 is out, Macro will release ‘Valkyrie for Noobs’
Their calling it legacy not season 9
LET'S GOOOOOOOO
CAN'T WAIT!!!😑🤠
Marking my presence, this is an historical moment in apex history.
fix your anticheat , i have been facing cheaters everyday .... not fun anymore
Lets go baby
Apex season 9 gone....reduced to atoms
Ima bets that again from Titanfall would be introduced in Apex. If so anyone guess which one would they most likely add
Its not time for s9 its time for legacy..
Lets go
I already called being a valk main so pipe down boys
Wow just 23 hours until we know what the season is gonna be like
Can't wait for this new Fortnite season I'm so hyped :D    (na in all seriousness I am really hyped for this new Apex Season its bout to be lit)
bug is coming
Just dont add a sere kit oh her titan  Smart pistols gives us titanfall 2 vets ptsd
SHE BETTER BE ABLE TO WALL RUN
@staycation this is gonna be awesome right?
Season 9 : Titanfall 3 is about to come
I'm not playing unless Valk gets a skin with Viper's helmet.
LETS GOOOOOOO
Nice title
PERU LEGEND <3333
Petition if they make some Titanfall Skins for the Legends, wouldn’t that be so cool
I wish this game had a better cheat engine. The sheer number of aim bots rivals late stage call of duty: world at war. At first I thought they were gonna be banned, then my coworker showed me that you literally cant. 1 hardware spoofer and suddenly all your anti-cheat methods are hot garbage. The problem is, for all my whining I dont know how to solve it either. I'll just keep the good memories of when I started playing and let them fade
We here early boys
Oh boii
I am soo hyped
Everyone are so hyped  This is insane Let's go❗❗
Rly tomorrow im hypeeeeeeeeeeed
zlbrad?!@?!?!?!!?!?!?
We all know that guy who will have a 4k and 20b withing the first 2 hrs of release.
Can we aprecate apex for carying us for 9 games
As a Caustic main I am legally obliged to say this B U F F  C A U S I T C !
this is the one Legends!!  Season 9 is gonna be absalute fire
All aboard the octrane! Haha man i cant wait for this
Can i have the peacekeeper back on the ground loot pls?👉👈
Yessir
Best game there is..period!
I can’t wait for the fresh Out of Context memes
Poggers chain?
Ya’ll aren’t ready for what’s coming let me tell you...
Future me, how good is this trailer?
Buff crypto 😣
BUFF VALK
MOZAMBIQUE HERE
Hype
Arena Mode all night boi, battle royale whats that?
I swear if mirage die again I’ll buy rampart instead Valkyrie
Hopefully season 9 not gonna end up like season 6
Everyone knows that any character past season 1 is irrelevant   *CAUSE SPEED IS LIFE,AND THERES ONLY ONE KING*    *OCTANE FOR LIFE*
Season 10 Legend confirmed:  *"The one and only Manager of the Outlands: KUBEN BLISK!"*
Peacekeeper ground loot?
Wraith mains dead lol
The titanfall 2 fan in me has been foaming at the mouth over season 9 so far I can’t wait.
This is going to be 🔥
Why legacy
IS apex going ro change completely, no more battle royale?
Im still thinking one day would come a better season than season 3, if not there best proyect has already came and it was on october 1 of 2019
I think this season is gonna be phenomenal because they didn't call his name season 9 maybe it's gonna be huge or small who know's 😐😐😐
Please with new content also fix technical issues. Titanfall 2 was hella optimized but IDK why Apex is like this.
Dang it cant wait
映像だけでも楽しむ！
They better bring back Worlds Edge without a single change.
All youtubers here( makina y fesbak son de honor)
My excitment is immeasurable and my day is accomplished.
LETS GOOOOOO
Hoping a glance of the arena
Anybody getting titanfall vibes here? Cause as a titanfall veteran, I sure am.
ITS LIT
SEASON 9 EXE
I haven’t been so hyped for a new season since season 3 cause I just started playing again 🔥
Gente dando like sin aun haber visto naa
If anybody reads this message in future seasons, you’re cool! I hope you’re enjoying them!
Cant _wait_ for the non br mode Ash as an announcer gon be dope :D
People dislike before it’s even started I don’t get it...
My backup titan was north Star so imma be a valk main tbh
Season 9 known as “Legacy”
VALK MAINS!!!
Main valk
You know this gonna be a good one boys
Drop a like if you guy's ready for legacy 🤘💥
Ima say it again, lets hope our boy Mirage doesn’t get blown up.   Edit: this season is gonna be lit!
Bruh other trash update
Finally found my main after 8 seasons! 👁👄👁
Finally found my main after 9 seasons! 👁👄👁
Mango
Mode: wait season 9
Ohhh yeah season 9
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO0OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO nnnnnnnn
I Hope Mirage didn't Die this Time.    Edit : well he *Almost* Died.
Should change the name to season 9 latency
Titan Titan Titan Titan Titan Titan Titan Titan Titan
3 minutes long! Cant wait
Been waiting for Titans for so long
ay any homies up in here tryna play apex
Hope Valk turns out to be good. Unlike fuse. Or maybe they will buff fuse so much he’ll be he meta. As a TF2 sweat (was a TF2 sweat) I’m excited for this season since it suppose to have TF2 stuff
Lesssss gooooooooooooooo
What is your titan fall generation level
The description says Nowhere to Hide, excitement, can't wait for season 9
3 minutes long
Valk main incoming! 👁👄👁
noice
Mozambique here
I'm the 284th comment! 👁👄👁  Valk main incoming!
Awww man I haven't made Fuse exe Welp changing plan then
This is a major bruh moment
T
Bro, season nine is about to be one of the best seasons, or one of the worst. There’s no middle
Can't wait to hear that sick viper BOOM noise again cmon
I soooooooooo excited 😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
I'm the 283rd comment! 👁👄👁
Ayyyyyy
I wanna play as that chicken
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS SO HAPPY
🤘🤘🤘
My body and mind are ready
Time for a lot of copied comments just to make likes 😔
I hate ultra zone
As an octane main, I can confirm that we all have massive dongs, even the female octane mains
Top
Please i need apex coin mom🥺
When i get valk I’m going to be like the sky’s belong to me now b
You know what this means bois, more bugs are coming!!
Time for Season Nine-  *LEGACY*
So hyped
I can already see the tears of Mirage mains...or...me mains...because of the... because of... actually I don't know- either way I see tears.
Can’t wait to see crypto Emp some noobs Crypto gang rise up
Girbraltar Mains Can’t Wait To Call Her “Brotha”
Hi zylbrad I love you channel
pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe **you** pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe  pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe
LETS GOOOOOO
Hype
YOO SLOW DOWN
Is this about mobile game?
Can't wait to become a mini northstar
Ima just comment rammen bc that’s what I’m eating rn
i like how it’s just legacy not season 9
Ji
WAITING For RAGTAGG TO COMMENT!
Fuse mains where ya'll at?💣🎸🌋🔥💥 Let's welcome Valkyrie
I am only waiting for cross progression
YESSS SO HYPEDDDDDDD
season 9?
This will be 3 minutes and 6 seconds... Nice :D
YESSSSSSS
I hope Valk will have a voiceline saying "I have the highground"
YES I CAN'T WAIT🔥
Fun fact fuse heirloom will be his other arm
GET HYPE FELLAS!!!!!!!
Apex legends mobile trailer
THEY FLY NOW??
Valk main where you all at
God I can’t wait for Season 8 to be over.  Please, please be good Season 9. We believe in you!!!
this is gonna be epic 🔥 I can't wait
SEASON 9 nice Can't wait to play as viper- I mean Valkyrie!
CLAIM YOUR “got here before premiere” TICKETS HERE!!!
Wraith buff plzzzzz
Wuuuuuuuuuuu siento mucho hype por es temporada  Que bonito es cuando falta menos para la temporada y salen más y más cosas :3
Here before the big Apex YouTubers, let’s go!!!
Valk : Can I speak to your manager  Me: This better be a voiceline
Who's ready for the new bugs we will experience on day one of the season?
where's season 9
“watch the Apex Legends – Legacy Launch Trailer and discover if you have what it takes to survive when there’s nowhere to hide.“   Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. Subtle touch, Respawn. I like it.
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Respawn can't count past 8: CONFIRMED!!
Pharah mains incoming
When the trailer releases at 1 am so you get to time skip by sleeping a ton.
Season 3 and 7 are the best and I think this one is gonna be amazing
Season 9 here we come!
Peacekeeper is back  P.S : I am bad with PK but hyped for it's comeback
Never Forget -  "Can i speak to your manager" - Valk 2021
Whos excited for season 9?!?✅🔥💯
bruvs what about a caypto buff?
WHO ELSE IS REALLY HYPED
I love playing apex legends but please nerf octane and shitfire
legacy supremacy ?
OHHHHH YESSSSSSS
Why does it have to be tomorrow ugh. I can't wait that long
I ain't gon cap, I haven't been this anticipated for a new legend since revenant   👇🏿if you maining valk
YESSIR!
I'm hyped for the titanfall 2 lore more than anything else
Story from the outlands: ☑️ Season trailer: ☑️ Gameplay trailer: ✖️ New legend trailer:✖️ Battle pass trailer: ✖️
Content here lvl 3
lets see how mirage will be distroyed in this trailer
wow already
FFS IMA BE AT SCHOOL
reee
Launch trailer time bois
I can't wait to miss all my shots from the bow
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK......
POG!!!
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK......
If mirage dies again in one the trailers , I will drink 3 glasses of cold water
I want thanos be a legend in the season x
Ooo have they finally hired more devs. Probably not they only made a billion dollars last year
I’m ՏᑌᗷᗷIᑎᘜ TO EveryOᑎᗴ ᗯᕼO ᒪIKᗴ'Տ TᕼIՏ ᑕOᗰᗰᗴᑎT ᗩᑎᗪ ՏᑌᗷՏ TO ᗰᗴ ᗷᗩᑕK......
FLY CODE READY
LET’S GOOO
i hate that Jeff from the ow team has left
Shoutout to Octane mains who stick with the team and don't run off and die alone
Season 9 Hype! Let's goooo! The only sad thing about this is we have to wait till tomorrow to watch it 😀😁
People say apex lost it'd hype but it is the best br game in history, that will never change
BUFF RAMPART
It feels like season 8 came out yesterday
Titanfall player’s : « We got the reference »
Did somebody say "Justice rains from above"?
Players: New Season!!! Respawn: Just, New Update!!!
YES
Are those New Apex Servers in the Background?
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
Valk mains rise up
chicken nuggies
🦵- a - 👀
*SEASON 9 IS ALMOST HERE BAYBEEE*
Early gang where you at???
The sky belongs to me pilot
Season 9 EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
早くぅぅｳﾞｳﾞｳﾞ!!!!
I think we will get new mode 1v1 arena
Wow another video... That's quick
THE SKIES BELONG TO ME HORIZON
Little Viper, meet spitfire. Your dad did.
Lessssss ggoooo
Watson mains, show your pride! ⚡ ⚡ ⚡
Oh yeah !
Fnaf xd
Is this supposed to be the gameplay trailer?
Титаны живы!
SHEEESH
When you run out of numbers to name your season:
8 Seasons in, it's now our Legacy. I feel the adrenaline rush.
lets goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
If Valk doesn’t have a voice line saying “The skies belong to me, no where to run, no where to hide.” I’m rioting.
My fellow northstar mains from Titanfall 2. Have fun with Valk :)
Ha I knew it would premiering tomorrow
I’ve Never Been So Hyped For A Season Since Season 3... 🔥🔥  Valk Mains Where Ya’ll At???
Season 9
Prepare for titanfall
I hope they drop a viper outfit with valkyrie
Hopefully they add sugma to apex
Uh harder
23 hours to the trailer Also me:  -ok lets just sit and wait
RIP Lifeline Mains.
Hi Ethan
If u see this enjoy the trailer!!
VALK!!!
Let's Go!!!!!
W
Who else was expecting this  lol
Valkyrie is lit.
Hypee
Lessss go! A new Apex trailer!
Apex anybody?
I am hyped for this season
Pepega
!I can't wait!
I knew there would be one now!
Hype!
Can't wait
WHO ELSE IS HYPED!!???
Let's GOOOO
Oh sick
