It's here... the full release of the game... PLAY. IT. NOW.
I can't with these backroom videos, I genuinely feel nauseous from laughing.   My brain is NOT getting enough oxygen
"Only two months until the backrooms" they said
the eyeball guy is "the neighborhood watch" by the way..
Room to the backs roomed
more jackrooms
0:15 that voice crack 😂
Slimkickle
Woah, I just did shrooms! What a time traveling coincidink!
Tommy Innit became Liminal and broke up with SlimeSickle
what about the NEW levels ?? there are NEW LEVELS!!!!
im in the chatrooms
"2 more months until more backrooms" 1 and a half years later:
New backrooms update in the works rn he was in the hospital
Hey Charlie! Love to see these vods, and would like you to keep it up please! (Btw watched these like 7 times)❤❤
you forgor to put this one in the backrooms playlist <3
tHE BACKSHROOMS
WAIT... I NEED TO SEE A VIDEO OF THEM PLAYING MCDONALDS FURRIES IN THE BACKROOMS
backrooms szesss
This video made me use the word viscerally incorrectly. All the time.
Coming back to this because I feel liminal.
I become backroomer.
"We only have two months left until the new Back Rooms"-charlie a year ago
The eating sounds completely ruined my mood and I now have to click off this video
Not Tommyinnit triggering my Misaphonia with the chewing 😭 Had to yank my headphones out
40 minutes of this. We didn't know how good we had it
Charle Clip Back in :)
0:15 "The true final episode"   PLOT TWIST: there's new levels 😂
i still don’t understand the map
when is finale part 😭
Not to make any unnecessary comparisons, but the Angler Slime Plush looks like Sebastian Solace from Roblox Pressure
Liar, that's not the true final episode
waiting for the next part
Every time I exit full screen the voice of Caman18 haunts me
At that age i thought the ring made the baby
You got a stack of likes
Take a shot each time backrooms is said
17:46 I thought this was the A train noise and I was about to say:wtf is a train doing in the backrooms?!?
Charlie, it has been too long. the rooms have multiplied and the creatures duplicated. you must return. for all our sakes. the rooms need you Charlie. the Rooms call to you. the rooms. the Backrooms. they are waiting for your return. your return to your home. they call, to you.
play the new update
i feel alive but in anguish  there was more backroomss  the lore was deeper  but i feel like this is the end of it  i will not stumble upon an infinite reservoir of increasingly cryptic backrooms videos  once i finish watching this it will be the end  i can't click off but i cannot finish watching it
i feel like i found some lost manuscript  i don't want to click off the video because i feel like i will never see it again.  this must be a different timeline
i have somehow never seenthis despite rewatching the backrooms series multiple times  am i having a fever dream? is this episode real? have i not woken up?
how to get brain rot in 10 minutes:
BACKROOMS! 2:22
is Charlie wearing a tsuki tshirt??
“Oh hey Dominic … well I guess life is about being happy-“ “OAHHHHHHHH stay away Dominic stay away!” Best part.
Charlie I have a feeling you MIGHT be stuck in the backrooms…
15:30 Ranboo: You can't be barred, you're not an actor. The Backrooms: NOT YET!
Do NOT give ranboo a chainsaw 💀💀💀💀
BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS
THERE WAS A UPDATE
I NEED MORE ROOMS
MAKE MORE….
Please its been 1 year
20:36 ranboo and charlie trying to figure out a room and tommy's lost his marbles at the first episode they made😂😂😂
Everytime these three get together they just clip to the backrooms
The fact tommy was reading off a website on how to break a friendship has me dying
I really wish they would play this again.
G-guys... I think they're in the b-b-b-back-backrooms...
you should play no clip vr
At 24:53 there’s morse code, but idk how to decode it so like pls help 😭😭
We need more backrooms!!!!
bro this is such a funny video but tommy is setting off my misophonia with that chewing
10:26 clementine? the pet moth?
WOOHO!!😂😂
THERES MORE ROOOOMMM THERES MORE LEVELS PLEASE
backrooms?
8:29 subnautica rooms?
Yall telling me this was 10 months ago... I remember watching it then. Time flies so fast.......
bro forgor to add this one to the playlist
more rooms.
16:17 When Ranboo (I think it was Ranboo, I may be stupid) screamed "CHAINSAW, BABYYY!", I started playing Kick Back in another tab. I highly recommend this.
Charlie, please add this to the backroom playlist.
Backshrooms
Charlie. Come back to us. Come and Clip on back.
Charlie, come back to us! we loved having you around! So... why don't you just  Clip. On. BACK.
THERES MORE BACKROOM LEVELS!!! PLEASE PLAY THE NEW LEVELS!!
Charlie... I'ts been 8 months. Where is the next backrooms video!?
The backrooms have grown, Charles  Slimeth. It’s time to go back.
I'm still confused by the map
this is the best brainrot content I've ever seen
its updated
"well i guess life is about being ham-. AHHHHHHHHH"
They said the word "backrooms" +- 111 times
the game has been updated. part four is out. it's time to return my friends. time to return to the rooms.
37:33 me when I have a dream I didn’t wanna wake up from
Adobe lightrooms 9:13
ok but tommy not understanding the map is so real im shit with maps and directions
How to get to level fun
Can you please play more backroms
we want more back in the rooms
the update is out...
by far the funniest series i've ever watched
Slime, I can't use PayPal to buy slimes. I cri.
THERE ARE NEW BACKROOMS LEVELS FOR THEM TO PLAY
Pls play the final part of the game, it just got an update and there's an ending to it as well, pls.
i went from watching some weird world where the sun is just gone to this in an instant, i love my chaos life lol
There are new backrooms levels!!! (This ain't the true final episode)
Escape the backrooms has a new update that added new levels.
12:24 I'm sad none of them got the Skyrim reference. Charlie just knows too much
the mushroom just looks too goopy for me
23:13 I HIGH PITCHED SCREAMED AND THREW MY IPAD ACROSS MY ROOM OMG
I cried about my dead grandma while watching this🎉🎉🎉
Charlie was claimed by the Corn
my thalassaphobia going crazy rn 8:36
Ranboo: lever Charlie+Tommy: leavure
Wheres the QUEEEEEENNN
BACK ROOMS BACK TO 3 ROOMS BACK ROOMS
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, sorry i was fucking scared becuase backrooms back rooms, backrooms. backrooms backrooms?
35:50 missed opportunity to say "dont worry zero is nothing"
It is time 37:14
i think they're in the backrooms
....              Backshrooms
This in here😂 20:04
I'm buying the mushroom and it's going straight into my jar
Ah, yes, Slimecicle telling us to do drugs
I was physically writing in pain when Tommy was making those food sounds
THE MOTH! OMG ITS THE PET MOTH CLEMENTINE
oy its a bitish person whats your favrit colour
Don’t worry slime fancy (developer) is gonna add every level
i just watched 3 hours of 3 idiots being in the backrooms
If you’re not careful and you noclip out of Geometry Dash in the wrong areas of a level, you’ll end up in Congregation, where it’s nothing but the faint glow of pink, blue, and red lights, the single tones of the song, the endless awkward timings at minimum frame windows, and approximately 3 minutes and 4 seconds of repetitive gameplay to be trapped in. Robtop save you if you fall into 42%, because it sure as Tartarus will catch you off guard.
i decided to do his at night
Tommy doing asmr
I call the upside down rooms the crusty rooms
Blackrooms
Was I the only one who got the joke of ranboo naming himself home alone 2
if you liked this watch the videos of fancy making the game
15:20 from happy to OH GOD PLEASE NO WTF-
The music is Delta rune
Slmccl realy disappointed every deltarune fan. If you know you know
Slmccl! This backrooms video isn’t it the backrooms playlist. Backrooms backrooms backrooms
1:40
I like ur green soccer jersys
7:08
20:00 The fact that there's just a 2 second clip of Tommy messing around with a picture of a red crewmate and a picture of the backrooms in the midst of all that chaos left me cackling
Charlie: "2 months left" Vid description: *3 months ago*
ranbo goes moth mode bringbrrr bringrrr
2:22 9:43
14:02
I love how on 7:53 one of the people's is like (I need my comfort music) and starts playing attack of the killer queen I love that so much lol😂😂😂
PUT SOME MORE ''BACK Bone into it also good vids! Backrooms!
I want more backrooms
25:47 Poor Tommy being gaslit into thinking he's misreading the map when Charlie's the one who confused the crosshair with the location. 32:08 Please never do that again in any video it's painful.
#Gommie
I want to join the gommy guild
Did anyone hear Ranboo swear at 19:26? I know he swore in genloss, but it's still such a shock to hear him swear 😓
That moth scared the fuck out of me, I actually dropped my phone.
I couldn't watch the rest of this video after watching the others
1 month left
I can't wait for this to continue. Full release hype
I’ll join the gommy guild
Tommy eating near the end of the video was ten times as terrifying as anything else in the video sjdghsdg it sounded like he was eating a dead body or something -
Hearing someone eat and chew like that is my Russian activation noise can you please give a trigger warning next time? My entire family is dead :(
BO COULD YOU NOT AMPLIFY THAT FOR THE VIDEO
The one backroom update is real!!!!!!🎉🎉
play a vr version
It’s when tommy says “This only adds to my research…” 😭😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
i love this series but it's just a big meme😂
It's not the final backroom vid, more coming up soon
Came out when I had Covid for the second time made it much better
THEY’RE BACK   rooms
They ran out of almond water😂
i am now joineing the gommy guild
They said backrooms so many times bro💀
I love it when they said the word backrooms that 1 time
I’m watching this at midnight right now and I’m so scared
please more backrooms we all know yall love it <3
I guess Charlie really is back, rooms.
Finally a special machine that showers gamers automatically
I feel like i just did several different drugs
drink everytime someone says room
I hope U know i live in the Backrooms
Was the second to last the nevadarooms
Who’s here after in the backrooms?
20:03 tommy just playing with among us then hears "vent"
21:00 WE AT THE HOTEL! MOTEL! HOLIDAY INN!! 🎉
the room, the bak rom.
M-Man is it just me or did i get dirty minded cause of the mushroom-
This was a very L I M I N A L experience.
“All I see is white” THATS WHAT SHE SAID💀💀💀
“All I see is white” THATS WHAT SHE SAID💀💀💀
22:34 'EMERGENCY ALERT! YOU HAVE BEEN REMOVED FROM THE ACTORS GULD- noooo'
wet rock rizz
"the blackrooms" - tommyinnit
Now ranboos died
What about front roomz
What website are they using for the lore stuff
At 3:06 just Ranboo saying damn had me laughing
7:33 floodrooms
i NEED to watch backrooms content or i DIE
Game?
Omfg I forgot I had playback speed at 2x holy shmoozles the intro knocked me out cold
The backrooms is genlossing
Nail clipping
20:04 tommy casually placing amongus in Backrooms and making a conspiracy theory
8:48 the bass rooms
Random useless thing about a person you don’t know  “Hey, you’ve become a jerk and I don’t wanna keep being friends” is basically how I stopped being friends with someone.     Continue with you day
after the Minecraft thing I can't imagine Tommy as anything else but  Charlie's Nemesis.
We've all been waiting for it, IT'S FINALLY HAPPENED!!!
If there was a sanity meter in this game everyone's would be at 0.
Guyz i tink there in th bac room
Backgoons
cant wait till they play the next update and find out this isnt actually the end lol
DX Tommy eating directly in the mic is the WORST sound ever
I thought it said more clapping
Ayo that shroom looking kinda sus 😳
backrooms
29:59 💀💀💀💀💀💀
so we can all agree that this got us hard right??? 9:25
why did ranboo at 10:44 start purring and doing moth mating calls 😭😭😭
Me: "Please make the voices stop.."  My brain after this video: *insert every single utterance of the word Backrooms in this entire series*
👍
Nice
This is the first vid from slimesicle that I've seen, pretty good first impression!😉😁
BACKROOMS COUNT (not including the intro or any other -rooms words): 72
Cum
BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS
Roblox is a type of game that  you only want to download and not to download backrooms just play in it
Very good 👍
someone needs to tell him about Apierophobia 😭
17:43 it’s been such a long time wireboy I’ve missed you
Thumbs up
it is always a fantastic day with slimecicle posts❤❤
Nice
I know its unlikely, but I recognize the melody at 13:00, I feel like I heard it as game theory background music, does anybody by chance know the name?
23:13 THATS 3 YEARS REMOVED FROM MY LIFE OH MY LORD THAT SCARED ME SO MUCH THE WHOLE TIME, 0 JUMPSCARES AND SUDDENLY JUST- SNJSJSHHSS
I just realised a whole section of this was based off team America 😂
17:46 it's the wire monster from genloss
Pov: attack of the killer Queen plays in the backrooms
Love robot it's very nice future for business
Did they lock any of the doors in the neighborhood
But you are funny
I am ngl this backroom shit is so heavily carried by these 3, I can't wait till I get to see them play a liminal space game with actual gameplay, considering remedy entertainment is apparently working on a multiplayer PVE game set in the Control/Alan Wake universe, I hope to see these guys play it one day while madly muttering backrooms.
:))
Love that whenever Charlie sees water he just instantly reverts to Gillion
#fancybackrooms Made this game his channels just called Fancy and you should probably
"ran-cam" for some reason i find funny
Oh god.   The backrooms the downrooms the deeprooms the houserooms the parkinglotrooms the liftrooms the uprooms the backestbackrooms the brickrooms the closetrooms the almondwaterrooms the elevatorrooms the autotunerooms the tunnelrooms the gametheoryrooms and MatPatrooms the school'sbasementrooms the liminalspacerooms the mazerooms the MrBeastrooms the StrangerThingsrooms the roomsrooms the dreamcorerooms the seggsrooms the bloodrooms the computerbackroomscrachingbackroomscrashingbackrooms the mushroombackrooms the funhouse/carnivalbackrooms the rollercoasterbackrooms the darkbackrooms the deadbackrooms the stairwellbackrooms the waterbackrooms the boatbackrooms the fogbackrooms the lighthousebackrooms the whitehousebackrooms
0:13 did tommy say blackrooms
This is my favorite series.
i love how none of the quotes in the thumbnail have been said in the video
2:00 not the mush-coom ☠️
Naice
When u see the barbie movie and dress in all pink u need to give it to the  internet we will make u barbie
we need more backrooms
honestly whenever these 3 get together no matter what their playing,
love game
The…blackrooms???
Awesome video
✨*B A C K S H R O O M S*✨
Bro my friend at work was literally JUST talking about this place earlier today! I only live like an hour or so away, so I’ll have to check it out sometime!
Is ot just me or did slimesicle nut on his shroom?
I love how I can just be crying and I watch these videos and they make me feel better
I thought charlie would break into the corn song at the last level
Damn my back hurts        Back????!?!     Backrooms BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
not again, last time my head hurt because i heard backrooms like 200 times
Very nice programms
BBACKROOMS
Bro is from generation loss💀💀💀
oh just goog
brainrot❤️😍
Slmcc can I say the person who made this game plans to make a lot more levels
I call the backrooms main monster mr squiggle 😂😂
This is chaos, and I love every second of it
More funny and fresh your mind....
Nice 👍
why are you so afraid of a shitty mobile game sponsoring you. What did they do to you 😑.
aw fuck man I really like keychains and mushrooms and would love that keychain but- shipping do be $60 to my country oh well, can't do anything about being broke great vid tho and the little mushroom looks really cute
Back room!!!!!!
Lovely 🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
So funny
I hope they will make so many more of these
1:38 IS THAT A CASIOPEA SONG??????????????
"I'm away getting off because I'm a...what's the word? GOONER!"  CHARLIE WHY DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS
you are my shroom dealer
I counted and they at least said backrooms probably 75 times-
Is the scene that starts at 22:46 just a joke about the giant eyeball cause i actually can't see it  And if there actually is something please tell me where i have to look  Edit: Never mind i just had to keep watching for two minutes and there it was I'm dumb
Tips on how to make a horror game fun: play with retards
How did I look up ‘jschlatt’ in the search bar and this is the 2nd video that comes up 😂
The nutshroom has return!
Backrooms. Very good backrooms. Barbie movie - TommyInnit. AAaaEAaAaAaAaAh - All of them. Ranboo explains a strike.
is this what schizophrenia looks like
are they in the backrooms or the backs rooms or the rooms back..
Ranboo turned into chainsaw man 💀💀💀
backroom :0
Nice
Best part:  12:57  (my opinion)
i just love their humor so much
I have a feeling that they’re all in the backrooms
as someone who did my whole summer video class around the theme of liminal spaces, this series legit gives me life. the backrooms has consumed me
As someone with lepidopterophobja, that moth made she shit myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McCojQcoQYw
2:23 One of my best friends just ended our friendship of 2 years today actually, so this bit really hit hard.
HUGE props to @FancyDev for creating and constantly updating this game, BY HIMSELF, for over a year!
1:50 the shroom got out of jar
Did he just get a letter from the dark brotherhood??
I m going to be honnest.. I legit have no idea on how Ranboo solved that locker code
Thank you for making this palatable and helping me laugh in my day.
Fucking love it when one of them just pulls up a random WikiHow article. I remember the Ostrich one that Charlie read ages ago, fucking hilarious.
I physically had to take my headphones off every time tommy started munching into the mic
Finally!!! More backrooms in the backrooms content from the backrooms at the backrooms. Please give us more backrooms content from the backrooms.
hey at lewst he admitted that the mobile games ads are shit
Me when I'm with a friend smokin "U should do shrooms"
THE BACKROOM BOYS ARE BACK IN THE BACKROOMS!!
literally the next levels just came out, 5 days after this video released. Now to wait like 5 months until they make a video on it.
THE BACKROOMS?????
What’s the name of this mod
YEEEEEEES
backroom
10:55  I watched the Barbie movie and all pink I wore pink suit and I was rocking it already and wasn’t that great of the movie curtains that are constructed
Tommy searching up how to end a toxic friendship is giving my flash backs to the ostrich bit
Room
Back
more back😧😧😧
use in-game voice chat. trust me
The backrooms shall outlast us all
i'm only 8 minutes in and i'm already crying. this is my favourite series ever. they just keep repeating "backrooms" over and over again i can't take in anymore (head in hands)
So you're a channel directed at majority of children and you talk about a "sex room"? What on earth is wrong with you?
I had subtitles on and when Charlie asked Tom to act like he was on fire it said music as he screamed
The fog is coming 12/12/23
deff the best game change my mind
I just opened it to hear "MORE BACK" and I thought "great video"
This series is amazing, don't actually end it
Tommy screwing around with among us jpegs in mspaint is my favourite bit in this entire video
I just left the pruningrooms, side room of the bathrooms, and I'm so glad to see more backrooms content.
Sadly the last episode..... 0:17
When Tommy was reading out the friends thing with the music in the background to me it gave off when Charlie read how to defeat and ostrich- idk why
10:07 the gas chambers kill the je- hitler quote 1947
Honestly these videos are the only backroom gameplays that i watch until the end and im hype for 🫶🏻
This can't be the end we need more backrooms...
Im kinda mad I jumped at 10:16
They all just devolve when they enter the backrooms
the only sane part of this video is them talking about "The Guild"
Guys I think their in the backrooms 😰
5:30  There is a horror video game just like this level and the one after, I think it’s called into darkness or something.
As someone who watches broogli,him walking into the castle on the invisible hill...i died inside bc of the entity that lives inside😅
Was not expecting to hear about the actor’s strike on this video
Liminal? I was liminal once. They noclipped me in a room. A back room. A back room with monsters. And monsters make me liminal.
Ok now all 3 of you inviter philza so you are 4 and you play nightmare difficulty
L tommy
Tommy ASMR
THE ROOMS, BACK, BACK ROOM, BACK ROOMS
Guys I think they’re back in the backrooms…‼️‼️‼️😱😱😱
Super
e
Chad bussy never disappoints.
I'm in the commentrooms?
10:07 - where chaos started.
I didn't know tommy couldn't read maps
I recognize the hotel rooms as a map from evade on Roblox
8:02 kinda like how they just forgot that Obama isn’t the president anymore lol
The men on white powder are back
Balls rooms 🤔 💀
Backrooms for them is just like "crazy? I was crazy once" 😂
34:41 I hope there isn't any children in there
𝕀 𝕔𝕝𝕚𝕡𝕥 𝕚𝕟 𝕥𝕠 𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕓𝕒𝕔𝕜𝕣𝕠𝕠𝕞𝕤
Can we just officially name them Backroom trio?
I HAVE JUST FOUND OUT THIS GAME IS VR SUPPORTED. CHARLIE I'M BEGGING YOU HAVE EVERYONE PLAY THIS IN VR NEXT
I hate Tommy so much
I am taken aback- rooms…
I think the best part of this is how Tommy and Charlie are ABSOLUTELY chaotic and fucking up stuff, while Ranboo is just quietly doing what he's supposed to do, yet he's barely ever the one that gets the levels done
YESSS THE BACKROOMS ARE BACK
14:29 I was dying of laughter lol
Total Backrooms said: 88
<3 <3
slimerooms slimerooms slimeroom
why is the quality so bad is that just me?
GeggLight GeggKeep GeggBoss
I loved the part where Slimecicle said "I'm slimecicling!" and he slimecicled everywhere
That end where Charlie dived into his wall was hilarious
We should do your shrooms 👁️👄👁️
*interaction*
This was such good video of Tommy before he passed away 😢😂😂😢
7:53 is the best part
#BackShrooms
Cool game, I call them walkers, interesting!  Cool.
Can i join gommy?
It's amazing 😍
Never heard anything more disgusting than tommyinnit eating close to the microphone
It looks like you came on the shrooms
Can't wait to see them play with australian accents: the outback rooms
👍
Those chewing noises were awful. 😭
You can feel their brain cells clip into the backrooms
If there's the BACKROOMS! Then would there be bellyrooms?
Im gonna...
Going through the backrooms is like me trying to find my dad                                 Edit: I do got a dad it was just a joke
BACKSHROOMS
Another day another backroom😂
this is the jschlatt tik tok reacts version of slmccl
#joingommy
30:02 yeah as someone with misophonia I feel for ranboo. The sound of Tommy chewing is fucking gross and it's not really funny that he kept doing it even though Ranboo genuinely asked him to stop multiple times
i thought it was over... i thought we were free..... but the rooms are back. backer than ever before
Growing up is realising that the character they play in the internet is annoying
the way you all just randomly say BACKROOMS is hilarious
Tommy loved the barbie movie. its very feministic, so im very shocked haha😭😂
the final room is The back of spencers
is this backroom?
I want to join the gommy
Tommy is always the first one to leave when it comes to the backrooms lol
I love being able to sit down after a hard day and listen to three mentally unstable guys shout backrooms over and over again Ike maniacs
I dont have money for this rn. But I've jsut gone to the site and i've seen so many i would love to get!
AYEEEEEEE😂😂
I missed this game, glad he and the boys played again
Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms Throwing it backrooms
"The I-95 Rooms!" cracked me up
Wait, where are they?
God I hated the chewing bit 😢😂
21:05  BAHAHAHA I LIKE HOW TOMMY DIED AND JUST DREW A PICTURE OF THE BACKROOMS
Just like how to defend ur self from an ostrich
i miss tommy so much, he was so funny, cant believe he died so young. rip fly high
Tommy doing asmr is so funny😂
Hi Charlie! I just got my happy little slime plush! I love him so much! Keep sliming it up!
33:41 omg i love the new jersey turnpike
how is this video 40 minutes i felt like it was 10 its too good
12:23 nice skyrim reference charlie
The bathrooms
Yeeeesss again
where are you guys
Charlie never fails to give me dysentery
Charlie re-used the photo from the video amd its funny since its him non-directly saying that its basically the same video😂
1:41 Advice taken. Consuming shrooms
12:29 the dark brotherhood.
10:59 it’s surprisingly not bad
BACKROOMIES
i'm not even going to begin to question why this is the first video (schlatt's channel being the first thing in order) to pop up when i typed 'jschlatt' into the youtube search bar
i love how theyve managed to turn absolute chaos into a youtube sensation
I just love how he’s like “Yeah not sponsored by some shitty mobile game *please keep it that way-* heh”
the skyrim reference is crazy
1:15 imagine if there was a s3x level in the backrooms i feel like more people would try to noclip
1:49 be a slime, grow up, don’t play BS mobile games.
yes a cumshroom my favorite pokemon
*AGAIN!!!!!!*
i like how tommy wants comfort music he play attack of the killer queen but signs attack of the killer beast
23:11  That ligit scared me  I choked on my drink because i jumped so bad😢
Backrooms is backrooms this is so liminal
Does anyone else smell burnt toast?
My brother and dad were compensating wearing all pink to Oppenheimer, and black suits to the Barbie movie.
I don't think you guys know what goon means
I'd like to request for the finale you sing bye bye bye but it's by the backroom boys
backshrooms wait shit he made the same joke
Backrooms is back baby!!!🎉
Charlie: “hey can you get MatPat?” Tommy: *proceeds to search up Matt Damon*
MORE!!! BACKROOMS!!!!!! HELLS YEAH I LOVE THE CHAOS
ah yes the room rooms
10:45 in dying on the floor- I fell off my bed and now I’m a tea kettle
1:58 what in God’s name is that thing covered in
Mr. Slime why is the cool mushroom keychain covered in naughty sauce
Ranboo wilth a chainsaw is priceless
There is no final episode, fancy (creator of the game) said it would add the 5 or 9 quintillion levels, he be dead before he ends
They didn't come down to try corn...  YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NOW.
"moove, moverooms"
5:30 is this from the fundy video or is the fundy video from this?? 💀
10:15 clementine just wanted to say hi to her dad
"STAY AWAY DOMONIC STAY AWAAY!!!"
Charlie knows a thing or two about corn
the rooms are back and they're not backing down
Charlie slimecicle in back backroom new room🤯🤯
17:45 why did it sound like the lorax but low quality...
0:13 Is it just me or did they just enter the backrooms?
Charlie's deep narrator-like voice is actually insane and he could genuinely become a voice actor if he wanted to
Barbie made me cry 3 times. Favorite film.
backrooms
BACKROOMS
PLS MAKE A GEGG PLUSH
this video is unpleasant in the way that eating an entire bag of sour gummies hurts your teeth
When will they become Minecraft nuke people
THE BACKROOMS!?!?!?!?!?
Charlie is SO perfect for humor/horror combos... this is why he was so good for genloss!
Ago what's on that plush got on it
This is steadily getting closer and closer to a fever dream
why is nobody talking about how cute the mushroom is
Every time i watch a backroom vid from them my brain melts
Ranboo struggling to explain is so funny to me
IT IS HERE MORE BACKROOMS 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
I somehow feel like there will be more
I can’t believe I just gaslit myself into pretending I had enough money to buy a horseshoe crab slime and then did
matt damon in the backrooms at 3am *he answered*
THE BACKROOMMSSS
yooooooooo
7:37: how it’ll look after climate change
Guys, I think they're in the backrooms
These three represent me and my two friends perfectly
bro fr selling the cum mushroom
Knew it was a mistake believing they were actually finished with this once they beat the game LOL /silly
Why does the mushroom have cum on it
Can you do doors again because it’s updated
0:52 did anyone hear one of them say poopsy?
Watching it while having a mental breakdown ❤
The Backshrooms got me ngl
YOOOO SLIMEEEEE
I was watching the first backroom video b4 this. And i would like to say.. I think their in the backrooms
They said "backrooms" 102 times Again I counted
God I love shROOMS
DONT STOP MAKING THESE IM BEGGING YOU
Ok you have used the exact same pose for 3 videos now and I keep being like "huh? Wasn't this released like 2 months ago?" And having weird deja vu. STOP IT, CLOWNO BOY! 👺
YES IT HAS COME BACK
HOLY SHIT SCIS THITS THE COGD MGSN BACKROOMS             BACKROOMS               🚻🔙
not the fucking cum shroom
this is liminal as fuck dude
Tommyinnit google last searched kinda sus
i like slimecicle 😁👊
BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS WITH THE BOYS
why is it that every youtuber I've watched play this game has called the wheat corn?
YESSIR I LOVE THE FRONTROOMS
Guys! Were back in the rooms!
they thought it was over, but they were in THE BAKC ROOSM BACK ROCM ABRJKPAMCNAOFMBACK RPEPMA HROAMCBJA ROOSM HAMCIBEOAM BCAPMCHROE<MCA BELPE I CLIPPED IN THE NBACK ROOMS HCBACK BACK ROOM
can somebody remind of the place they are in... i sem to have forgotten the name...
YIPPEE!! ANOTHER BACKROOMS VIDEO TO WATCH A HUNDRED TIMES FOR COMFORT!! YIPPEEEE!!
Wait guys what game is this they never said it
If I hear one more person say the word "rooms" today I'm actually going to clip into the backrooms
Would you like to hear some good news? This is the best news you’ll ever hear. All of us, without exception, have sinned and fall short of the glory of God (Romans 3:23). And because God is just and will not let sin go unpunished, the wages of sin is death (Romans 6:23). As a result, that means that as sinners, we will all get what we rightly deserve: eternal punishment, which is called the second death. But the good news is that God is loving and does not wish that any should perish but that all would come to repentance (2 Peter 3:9). So He made a way for us to be saved and now graciously offers you the free gift of eternal life through Jesus Christ (Romans 6:23), all while justice is done. He sent His Son, Jesus Christ, to die on behalf of us and pay for our sins on a cross, and He was then buried and rose again on the third day (1 Corinthians 15:1-4). Regardless of who you are or what you may have done, if you believe with your heart the gospel ( ^^ which I just mentioned above) and confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord, you shall be saved (Romans 10:9,10). Salvation is simple and free. It’s not a 12 step program, and don’t think, as many do, that you just have to be a “good person” or do good works to go to heaven. Salvation is based on what Jesus did, not what you do (Ephesians 2:8,9). Believe in Christ, and you will be saved. “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever should believe in Him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world but to save the world through Him.” John 3:16,17
damn
This is chaos, and I love every second of it
Did charlie make a skyrim reference while ranboo was talking about how strikes work😭😭
what the fuck could tommy be eating
#joingommy
That wet squelching sound that Tom was making while he was eating was truly the worst thing i’ve ever experienced.
"we have to upload vlogs around the city" "that makes sense that makes sense"
Is it bad that i know all of the rooms that they are in.
watch this on x1.5 speed to die instantly
WELCOME BACK TO THE BACKROOMS
Now I need a back-shrooms plush😂
YOUR IN THE BACKROOMS?!?!?!
1:37 Random Casiopea Event
23:15 Now, I may be a giant nerd but I'm pretty sure he starts playing The Devil's Grasp by Peter Gundry, an Australian Composer I follow. I am a very big fan and The Devil's Grasp is one of my favorite pieces of Peter Gundry's.  Love when I recognise music, but especially love when I can pick out my favorite composer's music.
I'm fucking late SLMCCL VID LESSGO
charlie possibly making a dark brotherhood reference made me grin
Yeah Ima need that mushroom. 🍄
The back and rooms saga is so sad dude 😢😢😢
"ITS THE HOA" got me dyin
8:57 big pool.
We love badly rated movies that are also kinda great sometimes but still bad.
WOOOOO BACKROOMS
"Everyone has a Tunnel in their backrooms" -Tommyinnit 2023-
there is a non zero chance that more backrooms comes out on 9/11
the pure joy when I saw Cordy
I actually had to mute when the gyoza eating ensued lmao
YIPPEE WE BACK :DD
Don’t trust me
YESSSS THIS IS AMAZING
Tik tok npc stream: Backrooms flavored
Im going insane, I have ptsd whenever I hear backrooms
When they entered the cornfield level I went “oh damn, they’re in Ohio” and when Charlie got grabbed by the corn man I just thought “yup, just a regular day in Ohio”
does slmccl obligate ranboo and tommy to record in the back rooms
oh no... guys- I think they're in the backrooms...
Sorry but why does his new plushie look like it just gave a crazy facial😭
FINALLY ITS BACK
Yeah But in the 1:40  you should do shrooms 😂
Not AGAIN dude whyyYY!!Kf mlkrgljb;mxrdthjklm;
go buy the back-shrooms
Is the wave water bottle on slime story stainless steel or plastic, i want to know before i buy it but it doesn’t state anything on the website. I know this is a weird way to ask but why not.
Great video! Also wdym Backrooms finale, you can never leave the backrooms. At 7:29 Charlie's audio seems to cut out btw :]
I’ll risk being banned from the guild.  Oppenheimer was one of the best movies I’ve ever seen
17:21 I never expected that voice to come out of Charlie before. He’s gaining more personalities in his slime brain
Every time I think this series is over, another video is posted. Starting to think it’ll never end-
You look like the state of Arkansas
FINALLY!!! ITS BACK!!!!! (rooms??)
These are my favorite videos of all time I hope they keep making them
wait, where are you guys????
WAHOO
Is it just me or were they less insane this time around
I just drank an entire half galleon of milk
27:52 I watched so much sleep deprived Minecraft videos that when Charlie said it I had my own out of body experience
I got an adhd treatment ad on this vid and i think thats pretty funny
Shut up, M.E.G
I audibly gasped when i saw that they had made another masterpiece
I'm glad Charlie could do a second house tour!
the b(l)ackrooms
Tommy whiteboarding among us like a monkey trying out a kid's puzzle was hilarious 😂
YESSS I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THISSS!!! We have the same humor love ur vidss
Not again… NOT AGAIN…
Please let me go
"Hey guys, I think I see the Titanic!!" hey... i know that reference...
Just wait untill they find out about the FRONTROOMS (spooky noices and thunder struck)
Hey where are we?
Tommy; still can't read a map after all these years..
Gooncicle?!?
<3333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
too funy? not, goo funny?
BACKROOMS😡😱🙁☹️💀😣☹️🏆😱😊😊😊🤔🤗😝😝🤗😍🤨😜😐🤩😘🤫☺️😶‍🌫️😐😪😬🥸🧐😨😳😧😲😖😭😠👹😺🤡🙀👻🙊👾💓💌❤💜🕳💦💯💫🤞💤
b akc roo ms
Oh I love these videos so much. Best trio
I’m going to join gummy 🎉🎉🎉🎉
HE DID IT AGAIN LETS GO BABY WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I LOVE LIMINAL BACKROOM ROOMS
i feel like (as someone with a quite a bit of that 'tism in em) all slimecicle viewers have at least a little bit of that 'tism in em
"I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries. "
just the back the back the back rooms back? in the backrooms 😂
This is TOO funny
THE BACKROOMS THE ROOOMS AIODAOATHE SBNAKCOPROOMS AYEAS REYUSD AHAHAHHA DBACKROOMSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
i require more backrooms
Tommy was literally just eating Food, indistinguishable from anything else, JUST food
8:34 submarine rooms?
please make a video on In Silence
the first video was quite calm (besides ranboo spinning), but as new videos come out they just start out wack.
back in the rooms baby!!!
i cant beleiebe there are this many backrooms.videos amd i cant believe ove watched all of them. i dont fuhkinh know how many tiems ive heard "Backrooms." i cant fuxking handle this anymore
WHY WAS CHARLIE SWEATING SO MUCH AT THE END
Didn’t tommy get buried?
Tom not being able to read the world’s simplest map is so funny XD
7:23 the neuron activation when he realized  edit: 27:23 why oh why did I have to be reminded that this song existed
33:46 can’t believe they added rural Ohio to the back rooms 🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽
I can’t believe that you guys have finally been able to get into Meg family guy
Guys, i think they’re in the backrooms...
charliethus the third I require more of this stupidly funny videos
Finally another back rooms video!
Watching this while sick made it even more of a fever dream, and I don’t regret it at all.
Not to get serious in a backrooms video, but friends ABSOLUTELY set boundaries. If you don't talk about the things that may be sticking points between you they will eventually becomes reasons to fight or avoid each other. If someone wants to set a boundary with you its because they WANT your company and want you to know what they don't like. If you weren't their friend they wouldn't set a boundary, they would just leave, but they like you and your company (like 70% but still, thats a good amount, we can't like someone 100% of the time.)
Backshrooms
I cant blame you for making more backrooms content these types of videos always pop off
finally more slimpy glumpy chezzy...i give up
Yes more backrooms niceee :) 😁 16:10 :)
I FUCKING LOVE THE  THE TH BACKROOMS BACKROMMMOSMO
Perfect thing to start my day with😌
Haha, funny backrooms moment      Also, One Piece Gear 5 reveal was epic huh?
the barbie movie is legendary
Tommy not knowing how a fucking map works is so funny to me
I don’t want this series to end
Joins Tommys Gummy guild with a like   ⬇
Well well well my favourite backrooms youtubers
Charlie: “Go Matt mode” Tom: “oh how could I forget” (Charlie thinking of Matt pat) Tom: *searches Matt damen*
Bck rms
i wanted to stop watching when tommy started eating, but wants are thwarted by the backrooms
tommyinnitrooms
I cant believe this series is back, yay!!!1
YESS I LOVED THE OTHER ONES SO HAPPY UR DOING MORE❤❤❤❤
In the first minute, the phrase "backroom(s)" was used ~20 times.  I can't... I can't do 37 minutes of this.
29:28 I think most of this sequence is one of the first times where I've heard Ranboo be genuinely...  *FURIOUS* At someone.
Uhm hey, I know you won't  read this, but those plant a tree campaign things suck. They just plant random trees in rows that aren't native to the areas they're planted in, using methods that are ironically bad for the environment .  They do almost nothing, please just give your mushroom plushy money to something actually useful.
Back in the Backrooms at 3.00 AM with Beast and impostur will we be able to escape the Backrooms by Venting till 6.00 AM????ßß?ß??? Stay Tuned to find out!11!!!!!1!
2:23  Tommy doing the most out of pocket shit has me 😂
Baby got back(rooms)
Love these vids, favs fr
I would invest in Gommy
they should make the jortrooms level, Thoughts?
slime is the kind of guy to be named charlie
OMG I WAS SO WAITING FOR THE BACKROOMS the movie by charlie slmccl
DID THEY REALLY JUST NOCLIP INTO THE SUSSY BACKROOMS?!
I like how when they are clearly walking through wheat, they say they’re walking through corn, even when there is corn right next to Ranboo.  Fuck you wheat
It’s crazy that we get to see this footage of Tommy before the horse drawn carriage and  salmon incident. RIP Tommy, you will be missed.
why is this series so chaotic?
The flashlight flying past the corner at 19:30 is just so funny to me and I don't know why.
33:13 This did not age well. 😈
not me having misophonia and specifically not being able to handle food related noises🥲 i think ranboos on the same page of wanting to escape The Sounds™️
This series has been like Groundhogs Day, reliving the same thing over and over again but ever so slightly different
I woke up and I got coffee I spilled it but it’s okay 👍
Charlie Slimecicle, what is your opinion on the Ken song from the new Barbie movie
"clip that" was never that crazy before.
pondering the chaos that could arise from the fact that wilbur is in the Backroom Boys discord chat
They went back?!?!
I was playing Among us with my friends and my friend Newt and I were in the bathrooms and once we voted he said “ hey meet me in the second stall “ and I said “yeah because we fucked up the third one “ and then someone killed him and I found him and I said “ I found him in the backrooms “ I can’t everytime I want to say bathroom I say backrooms   instead . Charlie I love you I do honestly you always make me laugh but after allllll of the backrooms videos I now say backrooms when I wanna say bathrooms
YESSSS THEY MADE ANOTHER
I'm so Happy ❤ love this video ❤
HOW DID YOU GET THERE?!?!?!?
BACKROOMS BACKROOMS  *TODAY GUYS WE ARE IN THE BACKROOOMS*
This entire episode was just worrying, because I know these levels
i was watching the other backrooms videos when this came out
1:53 who’s gonna tell him
B-b-b-b-backrooms?!
Wait does ranboo have misophona or smt??
This is like, unironicly my favourite series bc its just so unhinged but also clearly fun for everyone playing?
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
i showed these episodes to my mum and she had a stroke
17:21 Evidence that charlie can legitimately be a great voice actor.
God, I love this series
UK unions should join the strike as movie companies have already been exporting production bc labor is cheaper and unions have less protections. Aka, exploitation!! 🎉 UNION STRONG
"more clipping" "more back" "more avoiding getting cheeks clapped"😂
the best part was when they said backrooms and they backroomed all over the backrooms
I don't watch these new age YouTube people generally   they were really funny in this video but my brain was exhausted after 10 minutes so much energy and so many things happened
are you okay?
36:55 I mean Level 3999 is one of the theorised exits
MORE CRACKHEAD BACKROOMS!!!!!!! WO HOOOO
Can’t believe Slimecicle was invited into the Dark Brotherhood.
27:44 M. E. G. stands for Major Explorer Group
Fine print isn't legally binding, charlie! I can't wait for the next video
Omg I'm only 4 minutes in and it feels like it's been here for 40 years
23:17 that is a Wretch, Slimecicle. That is what you become when you go Insane in the Backrooms
Something in my rat brain says that this won't be the last episode.
22:21 Level 9 - The Darkened Suburbs. Beware of the Entities watching the street also known as Watchers. Also be aware that not every House is safe as some house Entities like Smilers, Wretchhes and a few others
22:06 so you want to watch the actual movie of the Backrooms that is being made by Kane Pixels and A24?
I am younger than tommy and i can read the damn map. Why cant he READ!!!
21:00 ah yes Level 188 a level though which you can travel a lot of backrooms. The actual place IRL is Holiday Inn express hotel outside Heathrow airport in London
10:18 female deathmoths to be exact
6:03 a Wretch? I mean that's logical considering how fast you can go insane in Level 6
Are we i- in the b- b- b- Backrooms?!
Every fucking time Charlie plays a horror game it immediately turns into a game where a bunch of people are messing around with physics
good god i thought it was over
0:29 it is called "The Hub"
I will comment more he seems very desperate
1:43 BACKSHROOMS
AGAIN ???????????????
20:28 i love how tommy is plying with amungussy while ran and slime is seeedrunning 22:34 JHASHASJADHDA
Can we get a backrooms counter?
I loved the part that they were in the backrooms. So inspiring.
actually checked out the store and i love description on the shroom key chain "Our pocket-sized Mushroom Slime on a key chain, ready to hang out with you."
I saw it and thought no….not another one… (I’m jumping with joy, kicking my feet giggling)
actually a sponsored bit im willing to watch because just like he said it him self, plush shrooms sponsored by him instead of a shitty mobile game and to please keep it that way.
Why is Charlie's nose so shiny
The first backrooms video was watchable. These past ones are atraight up garbage. Can't you guys make any actual jokes instead of just saying backrooms every sentence 😑🔫
i love these stupid ass videos
Backrooms  Backrooms  Backrooms!
I can’t explain how much I love this shit. These three should be called the Backroom Trio.
They always lose their braincells
I got this recommended to me before work. Knowing I had to watch this video kept me through my shift
Oh awesome, a new slmccl video, cabt wait to slowly loose my mind!
HANG ON HUH? 12 HOURS AGO? 😊
WOAH! HOW DID I GET HERE? IS THIS BACKROOMS? I CAN"T BELIEVE I'M IN THE BACKROOMS! I'M GONNA PISS AND SHIT IN MY PANTS IN THE BACKROOMS
I am 12 seconds in and I already know this is going to be a fever dream
We are back in the backrooms tthis can't be!
YEAAAAAAA
you gotta respect this man for milking this as much as possible
I am glad Ranboo is there because i think Charlie and Tommy would had gone insane by now, Its hilarious this whole process 😂😂
slmccl never fails to make me goop 😊
roomback 😱😱😎🥸🤪🎉🎉
SAG-AFTRA has made plans to allow influencers into the union at some point, which is why scabbing could be problematic for streamers
Hey Slmccl I’m pretty sure you used this thumbnail before
guys i think they are in the backrooms...
ANOTHER ONE‼️‼️‼️
Ok Charlie me a impressionable kid will now do shrooms with you advise
2:22 ad skip
"man. man. man upstairs. dead."
Should have called it the Slimeshroom keychain, instead of the Mushroom slime keychain.
Coomshroom avaiable
"Keep Barbing" - Tommyinnit 2023  10:55
Why is this bit so funny and unedited 10:05
Let's fucking go the series isn't over now.  I love this sm I think I watched the first 3 like 5x over and over
I love dees
I liked when Charlie said it’s backrooming time and backroomed all over the place
thank god the backrooms videos returned  every day that passed without this chaos I merged greater into the backrooms
you should make a sorry vid based on backrooms
We love more insanity
im just waiting for the call of dragons sponsor
1,081st comment YYEEEAAAAHHHH
Holy shit guys I think they were in the backrooms
HOW IS THERE MORE??? YOU CANT DO THIS TO ME! DONT MAKE MORE! NOOO!!!
that giant eyeball... gives me Terraria vibes
*21:00* MF just entered heathrow airport lmao
i love how in this series ranboo is the only one with the braincell
they can't keep getting away with this
this has to be my favorite lets plays of Escape the Backrooms ive ever seen 😂 can you guys try to play it in VR as well?
:D
MORE BACKROOMS IN THE BACKROOMS YIPPIEEE!!!!!!!!!!
Y'know I don't think most of what Ranboo said about the strike and the unions and stuff is very accurate but it's good to see some labour solidarity anyway :) Edit: I'm pretty sure Barbie is not struck work. The unions have only picketed the premiers, not exhibitions in general, and have not called for boycotts.  Most influencers don't have to follow strike rules unless they work under the SAG influencer agreement.  So, yk, don't cross the picket lines, stay informed, and solidarity forever.
this trio genuinely brings me life
They could prob get back to the tunnels in one of the houses
For anybody wondering a scab is a person that is hired to replace a person who is striking (which effects the strike a lot so it’s fairly frowned upon) I don’t know a lot so this is a very general explanation
My name is moth so that one part of the video was very amusing
BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS
IT'S BACK
You can tell they're slowly losing interest in this series. their enthusiasm is so drained
i don’t even watch this for entertainment i watch it as a test of endurance
MORE??
TER BACKROOMS
Your on the surfus world                                              Your in the backrooms l
...                        The coomshroom...
These videos are like cocomelon to me.
Watching this at 2x speed literally has zero effect on the absolute insanity of this video 💀
Backshroom.
18:26 Tommy accepting Charlie’s apology despite the sorry is for Tommy misinterpreting and taking his joke seriously instead of for telling him to stop using the chainsaw really got me
IM SO GLAD TO BE BACK IN THE BACKROOMS HELL YEAHHHH
Guys I figured out how to leave the  backrooms...Just f###### rage quit.
Remember kids bad things always happen on bridge’s I mean think of PewDiePie
This game is going to keep being updated for a long time, so we are going to get a lot of backrooms content
charlie slimecicle next time can you add a misophonia warning with the eating close to the mic that was sensory hell 😭
backrooms
NOOO I NEED MORE BACKROOM VIDS
Backrooms?
i was backrooming so hard while watching this
They cant go back and undo this video because they’re in the backrooms…
MUSHROOM 🍄 (DRG Joke)
I WAITED TOO LONG FOR THIS VIDEO
Charlie's such a gloopy little gremlin when it comes to the backrooms .
Finally, no more Tommy... Wait a minute... IT WAS A BIT Edit: The part when he left was the best part of the video
Yes let's go. I hoped that this series would continue 😊
This series is equivalent to AOT's season 4. Delayable
All the backrooms videos you have played have been so entertaining!
Backrooms 👍
We made the backrooms even funnier
YES MORE BACKTOOMS
Slimecicle you make me stim whenever I see a new video. Thank you for this masterpiece
whoever edits these videos is the best
**drinks cherry Kool-Aid** Ahhh..... I'm in the Backrooms
not now sweetie, the backrooms boys are back
I was hoping for more backrooms, thanks xD. One question though if there will be more levels will they play more lol?
Hey didnt that blond child die
I swear every time Charlie make another back room it’s always funny
They should play the back rooms game with the giant rats, that’s a good one
Charlie: *gives tommy the most backhanded apology ever seen by mankind* Tommy: 'thank you for that i really needed to hear that'  why the fuck do i find this so funny?
I saw this notification in the middle of my sleep cycle and thought I was dreaming .... I guess dreams do come true !
I love how every backrooms thumbnail is Charlie laughing at Tommy for being british.
this is the best series honestly
Glad to see they're continuing their playthrough of this game.
I’m calling the s.c.p. Foundation to lock you up Charlie slimecicle.
tommy eating upsets me deeply
hes simply too funny the backrooms cannot comprehend.
We will never be free from the Backrooms content. We will never be free. We will never be free.
ohh yes i'm back in the rooms
7/10 could’ve used more backrooms
Gooner, as in r/gooncaves?
calling the White House Rooms the 'BamaRooms and not the BarackRooms 😔👎
yay
9:32 “That was like the most beautiful frame of wet rock I’ve ever set my eyes upon.” -Charlie Slimecicle 2023
someone tag me when tommy innnit isnt in his videos anymore so i can start watching again
they should play gtfo
Tom is …
Omg i was just praying that you guys would make more backrooms videos….
cheese
cheese
YES MORE MOREEEE
you guys should play shrek in the backrooms, its a roblox game that is really similar to escape the backrooms, there are more than 20 levels of the backrooms, you can find shrek, the donkey, that black bacteria thing and other stuff and also kill them with guns you can find searching on cabinets and stuff
0:14 *WHAT TYPE OF ROOMS????*
1. 0:11 I just watched the “final video” yesterday(? 2. 2:50 “backrooms have no boundaries” 3. 12:03 I get the strike but this is kind of dumb, “you´ re banned from the guild for talking about movies!” “I'm not even in the guild…”  4. 16:24 *Kick Back blasting* 5. 17:22 *WTF IS THAT VOICE CHARLIE!? xd* 6. 22:55 *I don´t see it* 7. 36:36 another “full released” xd
Was just thinking yesterday about how much I love watching these videos and devolving back to a primal state and saying “backrooms” for half an hour! Thank you Mr slmccl
AAAAA THE BACKROOMS BACKROOMS ROOMS BACKS
Tommy chewing is literally from my Nightmares 💀
Bro what's on that shroom?
I missed the bacrooms🎉
I’m so glad that the back rooms is back
I hope they never escape the backrooms because I will never get tired of these videos
how do i join Gommy
By 7:30 they have said: -Back 75 times -Rooms 112 times  I will not continue
GUYS I THINK THEIR IN THE BACKROOMS
I haven't slept in so long for a minute i was just thinking "Man, it'd be so cool if these guys did a backrooms video but it was like, over an hour long. Man..." *cough cough* twitch.tv/slimecicle *cough cough* (fr tho love the backroom boys, this is awesome and I'm so glad to be watching more lol)
Rooms lore
The idea of "we've been backroomed before" and treating the horror elements like youre trying to speedrun them is so so good. i love the vibe it brings and i hope people write stories with that in them
Oh this is a new video I swear you already used this thumbnail
never bought something more fast
I don’t think Charlie knows what gooning is
+1
90% of it is a single joke they keep repeating ffs, charlie is a master of situational & observational comedy, how tf does he turn into a drooling smoothbrain that only knows a single phrase when he plays this game i legit feel bad for zaltoman, who had to cut together the whole thing. that dude's gotta be braindead after hearing the words backrooms so much
i liked when Tommy became an actor and scabbed all over the place
Guys, I think they’re in the backrooms. Again.
So good i clipped into the backroom myself 🤩🤩
MY FAVOURITE SERIES
i've learned to stop wearing headphones during these videos  i HIGHLY recommend you do the same
UR HAIR
Cant wait until Backrooms Finale rematch!!!
I would so get the shroom keychain, if i didnt live in a place where people steal all the things that hang off a bag  Nothing is safe Not even you Run.          This is a joke don’t actually run
WERE BACK IN THE ROOMS…
"I will say i did get a note with a bloody hand print a few days ago" I LOVE THIS REFERENCE YAAYYAJ+HAH
36:00 "I made those movies." -Andrew Snyder
No.,,.. No no no.,,. not again…
8:41 having a fear of deep water is not great for this section
YEEEEEEEEES!!!! Im so happy!!
Who remembers the bug rooms?
No, not again you’re really going back into the back rooms I thought you escape the back rooms are you going into the front rooms or the side or the right or the left rooms?
rooms of the back backness of room room room, backman backness of backnly room roomilyness without the back backout of the room the back room backroum  AND THE MOST CURSED OF ALL:                                backroom
liminal video slime guy!
YEEEEEAH A NEW BACKROOMS VIDEO!!! LOOKS LIKE I’M ABOUT TA HURT MYSELF!!! I’M ABOUT TO HURT MYSE-
Who nutted on da mush
THE SERIES IS BACKKKK    for now
Charlie, Charlie. Yes papa? This is not the last episode because the one who made this will make all the levels of the backrooms...
Bro it took me 40 minutes to beat level 7 and they just instantly found the exit
guys im not totally sure...but there's a chance....that they might be....in the backrooms.....
i love shopping at backrooms-to-go
As someone with misophonia, the chewing sounds sent me into a blind rage
In case people were curious on the barbie thing and the strike  It was only the premiere that it applies to
poor ranboo, struggling to explain the strike
Charlie’s either completely deranged, or on the grind in the backrooms
Are you sure this is the last episode?
I would get that plushy, but I don't think there is mushroom on it.
God not again
919th
I’m watching this during my break at work and trying not to choke on my snack while laughing
i was the 100 thousandth view
Is it just me or slime looks younger?
Join chuckle sandwich again Charlie I miss the schlatt Ted and Charlie combo
NOT AGAIN- THEY ATE TO MANY OF CHARLIE’S SHROOMS, NOOOO
every time charlie plays the backrooms its funny
I cannot believe they are BACK in the ROOMS
These rooms, truly, are back
Charlie is gooning in the backrooms at 3:am
You should do shrooms.
I hate you for making me listen to *Tommyinnit* eat food THAT close to the microphone 😭
it’s so interesting to see ranboo try to be serious about things and then slowly include descend to the level of tommy and slimecicle
17:14 and 17:20 bro change his voice with out the voice changer
I love the backrooms videos, but it's unfortunate that I have severe sensory issues, especially when it comes to the sounds of chewing.   So I had to skip over several parts of this video and couldn't actully enjoy the ending because I was so on edge. Maybe include a warning or something next time? Or at least don't make it louder, because it sent me into a bit of an anxiety attack.   Sorry if this comment brings anyone down, it was a very funny video otherwise!
NOT AGAIN BRUH
I literally just went to the backrooms in remnant 2 then this drops
Man I can believe Charlie got taken by the dark brotherhood
I dont think i can rock the cum shroom chain tbh sorry charlicle
backrooms
He’s totally lost it
THE BOYS ARE BACK IN ROOMS!!!
your lucky, buddy.
I was crying but this made me laugh and feel better 🙃
GEGG BACKROOMS
My room backed
taking a shot everytime they say backrooms i am dead
backrooms 👍
guys i think they're in the back room 😭
Please give me more. This series can never end.    I need it.
I just watched all of the backrooms that you’ve made and i’m going COMPLETELY INSANE. STOP! JUST STOP! I’M SUFFERING BRO😭😭😭 I heard the word BACKROOMS too many times. I’m gonna cry and throw myself off of a building. I just wished that i were born in 2001 in NY instead of 2007 (i was born on 10 september in Romania) so i could’ve just been killed the next day and never lived to see these videos. Lovin’ them tho. I was already dead inside and had no hope. I just constantly hear backroom, like someome whispering it into my ear every single day and i just want to die.
i still don't know how strikes work
Not this fever dream again!!!
the squeakwal
NOOOOO 😭😭😭😭😭
love these backrooms vids! never in a million years would i have thought my favorite youtube videos would be backrooms video games, but these are absolutely hilarious! keep up the great work man 💪
MORE BACKROOMS BOYS YES
You have to recognize the bodies in the water Charlie!! I know you do!!
LETS FFFFFFFJEOCNCECKIMG GOOOOOOOOOO
Cumshroom plush
*backrooms*
eye of ctuthulu
so thats why tommys mic is so dirty..
Back rooms finale rematch
we will never be free
Guys I think there in the backrooms, but I don’t know for sure🧐🧐🤨
Dude, I was about to play dnd when this vid came out. I had to cancel. DAMN YOU SLIMECICLE!!!!!
I don't want this to be the last episode
30:01 this is one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen tommy do
I want a 10 minute video of tommy just theorying about some random nonsense.
oh no...
YES MORE BACKROOMS THANK YOU
Charlie how do you feel about barbenhimer
Oh no not again
If this is the same back rooms game that I’m thinking of when you guys gonna play in VR
Honestly I never want them to leave the Backrooms…😂
There’s more
I will in fact, do your Shrooms.
Rooming in the backs
ecyc e
at 17:58 Ranboo says "its the wire man." made me smile
35:56 weird hearing my name in a game 😂
I feel physically ill after each of these episodes 👍
you know its a good day when they clip
Slmccl
bro not the cum shroom
When i saw this, i litrally went :0
i missed clipping
Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy.  Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy.  Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy.  Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy.  Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy.  Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy.  Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy.  Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy.  Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A rubber room. A rubber room fulled with rats and rats makes me crazy. (My hand hurts i been typeing this for so long i didnt copy and past it bc yeah)
YeS iM hErE fOr ThE eArLyIeSt TiMe YeT
MY CAVE IS BIGGER THAN YOURS!!!
Okay this is just going to be a joke no hate ok now to explain generation Lost.... Crazy I was crazy once they locked me in a room a rubber room a rubber room with rats the rats made me crazy
I was genuinely invested in listening to them talk about the actors strike, as I didn’t know how it worked
New drinking game, everytime the crew said "BACKROOMS" drink it!
“We’ve done this level” “NUH UH! NUH UH!”
Even my 12 year old sister can read maps better than Tommy
no... not again... please...
I love the backrooms series (imagine getting Wilbur on here when he's back from being a rockstar)
Perfect video to watch on my bday. 🎉
The "Are you on wikihow...?" got me good
watched this while i had a fever, very disorientating experience
Once again I’m loosing all millions of my braincells when watching these videos omg
Wow they've came back to the backrooms In no longer alone
They made the BACKROOMS so hilarious they died
Charlie is 24 videos away from going completely insane.
everytime Charlie says "nuh uh" 1:03   4:32  4:33
Yay!! More brain rot!!
ITSS BACK !!!!!
I nearly choked on my cheese when i heard about tommy and charlie's toxic relationship...
Honestly if this went on for 10 years I would still be watching it
The idea that Charlie has officially clipped himself into the backrooms and has already somehow escaped is terrifying
Next level of the backrooms ✨"Backshrooms"✨
This is like a reoccurring nightmare
Bro I’m so glad they made more. These just great
stop please
BACKROOM BACKROOM BACKRROM
I'm going to clip through your boundaries
I cannot express how much I love these videos
I do quite enjoy various persons collectively take sanity and FIST IT until it breaks like their mental stability, it provides me with momentary satisfaction and minor enjoyment.
roblox character doors
Oh God, my brain is ready to start melting into primordial slime again.
Bro this was so liminal
the backrooms from the backrooms in the backrooms lost in backrooms?!?!? tommy innit ranboo sliemcicle blackrooms?! backrooms!!! backsrhooms
wooo LFG this is what I've been waiting for baby IT GETS FUNNIER AND FUNNIER EVERY TIME
“NUH UH!”-Charlie Slmccl
When Randdo's game crashed. I'm sorry, but why does it look like he's using a computer from the early 2000s? XD
i never thought i'd hear charlie say goon
If I here the BACKROOMS oneore time I'ma lose it
I can’t anymore. It’s too family friendly     It’s too loud=funny, what happened Charlie?
I don't know whats happening but they're now in an actor's guild. Nevermind they've been kicked out.
THERE'RE BACK!
I can’t wait for the next star appearance in the back rooms series!
I clicked on this on the verge of sobbing and now I’m laughing and smiling thanks to this. Thank you.
take a drink every time they say backroom(s)
uhhh backrooms. yep that's all I got :)
how did they miss the "Barack Rooms" pun at 8:00???
Funny Momments 20:04 - 20:28 - 21:10  - 21:28 -
The bois are back in the room. Back. Rooms.            BACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMSBACKROOMS
the fact that this video didnt even crack a smile out of me really shows how unfunny charlie has gotten
Backrooms?
BACKROOMS!!!!!
Rip Tommy 🔥
Instructions incorrect I ate your mushroom and played with the ones on the ally
Starting off strong with charlie being so confused while tommy reads a wikihow article 😂
8:04 the fact that Charlie missed the chance to call it the Barack Rooms
Bro srrsly I just went to bed and now ya posting guess I gotta postpone sleep tonight
wathcing this in 2x speed is so much more funny
YESSS A NEW BACKROOMS VIDEO
HOW FUNNY CAN ONE MAN GETTTT?!?!?!?!?!
So where are they?
Wait so you’re telling me the clipped back in the backrooms after clipping out of the backrooms? I can’t believe this omg 😱
YESSSSSS MOREEEEE INSANITY
4:33 NUH UH
Ah yes, his shrooms
i blackout every single backrooms video i watch and i didnt even notice this was a new one. thank you for letting me turn off my brain for a while, much appreciated
I do wonder where they are
Am i the only one who thinks tommys voice is slightly deeper
welcome back, to the back, of the back, of the back, to the back, of the back, of the back, to the back, of the back, of the back, to the back, of the back, of the back, to the back, of the back, of the back, to the back, of the back, of the back, to the back, of the back, of the back, to the back, of the back, of the back, to the back, of the back, of the back of the rooms, today were gonna be going even further back to the back, to the back, to the back, to the back, to the back, to the back, to the back, to the back, to the back, to the back, to the back, to the backer rooms  greet to be back
YES THE BSCKROOMS
For everyone wondering, the sag-aftra strike is not allowing actors to promote their projects that are made by certain studios, but independent entertainment companies and users like youtubers are allowed to talk about it as long as its not a paid promotion by any of those studios
I'm finally as early as I possibly could be QAQ
I really like how liminal this video is.
I hope they dont go to the frontrooms ☝️🤓🏢🏢
I love the subtle dark brotherhood reference 12:30
If there is a backrooms movie that get released then Charlie, Tom, and Ranboo NEED to star in it.
Definitely watch the barbie movie guys it’s so good
its almost like tommy is still here with us  R.I.P Tommy 😔
BACKROOMS YOOOOOOOOO POOOOOOOGGGGG
No ways is that the backrooms
BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS
I love the sponsor segment lol
not again
I did enjoy the return of Boy Star
These backshrooms are crazy asf bro.
I literally said "oooh nooo..." before clicking on this video haha
This was my first time being early to a Backrooms video, my clipping timing couldn't be better! Can't wait to see all the wacky and lethal shenanigans the Backrooms gang clips into this time!
And here i thought the saga ended
Actually to support the wrighter's strike I haven't watched any movies or tv shows from the west
Seems like the backrooms resurrected tommy just for him to go brain dead In The end
THE RETURN OF THE BACKROOMS
Hey my phone charger stoped working can I borrow someone’s please
I love it how they are latterly in the scariest game and they just make it the least scariest
guys i think they're in the backrooms
I love how at 2:30 tommy says what’s clearly the wrong thing to say when ending a friendship.
PLEASE GET THIS GUY TO TWO MIL          not a bot I swear, just really like charlie
backrooms
how is there still more of this game dude
Never thought that slime would goon in the backrooms
me when backroom
"You should do shrooms."                                                       -Charlie Slimecicle
THE MATTPATT REFERENCE I CANNOT- 😂
Goodness. Such back in these roomy rooms. I love this series so freaking much
MOREEEEE
Slimerooms 🤢
I’ve never seen the lights room so when I saw it I was like oooh colors and dots I wounded what kind of monster is in there? And … it’s scarier than I thought it’d be
bckrioms
i love when they went to the backrooms, favorite part
Tom is the type of person to see a back and go "Is anyone gonna room's that"  and not wait for an answer
😂❤
1:20 Tommy types in chat “im days” 3 times like he’s summoning Bloody Mary
hi im backrooms
Slime Backrooms Tommy Ranboo Backrooms Tommy Slime Ranboo Cicle
BOYS IN THE BACKROOMS
B A C K R O O M S
Where are they
I saw the barbie movie, it was an absolute banger
theres more back now????
Boys he’s back
Finally! The last episode in this how to escape the Backrooms guide is out! I'll be free!
theyre back in the backrooms
the accent charlie did for 17:20 caught me so off-guard it just sounded so new from his usual voice bits 😭
12:26 I think the dark brotherhood might be on to him
love how ranboos just genuinely trying to explain how labor solidarity and scabbing works while charlie and tommy just do Not take him setiously
giant eyeball
1:43 yippe someone actually admits it
BACK ROOMS VIDEOS ARE BACK?!
I am doing a challenge for myself that every single Backrooms video I watch in Slmccl’s channel I count every single time they’ve said Backrooms or made a reference. See you in a bit!  Edit: they said Backrooms or made a reference around 268 times
WE'RE BACKKKKK rooms
literialy my favorite series
WE’rE in the ROOMS
bro did you just slime in the backrooms? Gross
I can't mf watch this rn I have a cold and everytime I laugh I go into a coughing fit and it hurts my stinky little noggin
gooner squad lore
LETS GOOOO ANOTHER GOOFY BR VID!!!!
I LOVE ALL OF THE VIDEOS THAT YOU MAKE OF BACKROOMS I LOVE
These videos have just become so iconic at this point and I love it 😭
BACKROOMS.
midnight boutta go to sleep but BACK TO THE BACKROOMS!!
finally i can wake up from hibernation
Backrooms
I dnot know how y'all watch this all you can hear is backrooms
no way hes sliming up another set of backrooms
*THE ROOMS ARE BACK!!!*
17:24 wtf since when did charlie hit puberty
I can't believe he is in the backrooms
Hey Charlie mind if you give me one dollar I got 11 dollars and really need that mushroom
I have literally never been so excited at seeing a new video in my life
An amazing slmccl video, good job!
BACKROOMS OWQ NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO bb-++#;avkbroom;#+@s owq noooooooo!!!!!!
I think Charlie is actually losing his mind
You guys are hilarious! The chaos you guys make before is hilarious! I love it! I love seeing the pure chaos! XD
What's that white stuff on that shrum 😭😭😭😭
!!!smoorkcaB
Is this season 2
he really likes this thumbnail lmao
I need to take breaks from these videos.
early lets goo :)
Can't wait for the True true final episode
Backrooms is backrooms
OH GOD ITS BACK (rooms)
The return of the series. "You never clip out. You only clip in"
nice to see my favourite silly lil guys in the BACKROOMS
i love how every thumbnail in this series is the exact fucking same
WHAT THE FUCK WAS HE EATING
You keep lying with the thumbnail you aren't using the voice chat
I really thought the backroom videos were over, I’m so glad I was wrong 🙌
Love it, this made me laugh I was super bored before I saw this🤣
I'm going to be honest ... I legit have no idea on how Ranboo solved that locker code.
when you enter the backrooms and your backrooms fridge is empty in the backrooms
YES I LIVE FOR THESE
MORE BACKROOM?? THE BACKROOM???
I wanna buy stuff from the store but shipping is 17 dollars 😭 whyyyy
The cumshroom
I’m worried. Should we- should we intervene?
just when we knew it was over they came back from the ash
I need to play more og metalgear
I'm surprised nobody said the "dive rooms" when you got to the diving equipment
WAKE UP EARTH THEY CLIPPED INTO THE BACK IN THE IN THE BACKRIN THE BACKROOM CLIPPED INTOTHE BACKROOMS THEY BACKROOM CLIPPED INTO THE BACKROOMED. THE SLIMEY MAN CHILD MAN AND ENDER MAN CLIPPED IN THE BACKROOMS. THEY CLIPPED IN THE LIMINAL BACKROOMS.
why would you do this to yourselves again?
Awesome vid slime. Love it, keep up the good work
i wrote the word tictacs aboutt 60 times on a paper in sharpie ultra fine point while watching i plan to write more
she back on my room till I the
Yooooooo cumshroom
Back room
Charlie confidently shouting "Im a gooner!" On video is the funniest shit and please nobody tell him
I cant believe you went back into the rooms
oh backrooms
vlblaxkc roumes !!!!!!!! (backrooming moment )
the Writer's Guild of America (WGA) (With them now and for the long haul, SAG-AFTRA, essentially the 'actors guild of america') is currently on strike against the AMPTP (Alliance of Motion Pictures and Television Producers, think Disney, Netflix, etc) for their unfair treatment and payment of writers. These writers are not 'hollywood execs', they're regular people who sometimes don't even get credited for their work, get paid significantly less than their work's worth, are given old, cramped office rooms to work in, and a good lot of them don't make enough money to pay their bills. Most of them never see what's become of their writing after these producer take it until everyone else (the public) does. Both WGA and SAG-AFTRA members are at risk for being phased out of their jobs by AI, according to the AMPTP's plan for current and future use of AI to 'deepfake'/'clone' actors. Obviously, writers are at risk of their work being fed into a database and chopped up into 'new' writing by AI systems.  The AMPTP still have not continued negotiations with WGA. They have threatened to stall until the strikers 'run out of money', but it won't be possible. The people are stronger than they think. Support the strikers directly by donating to The Writers Guild Foundation, keep up with SAG-AFTRA and WGA strikers to stay informed, and don't cross the picket-line. :) you can find those guidelines on the SAG-AFTRA website.
FUCK YESSSS BEEN WAITINGGGG
Who wishes we couldve gotten the whole vod of cracked backrooms
14:00 I literally got a message from my sister just as this happened (the message was about Oppenheimer as well)
I cant wait to get back into the rooms.
U face 😢
Backrooms more like backshroms
i lovbe you charlei slimcicce
I think slime is in the backrooms
We need to see the back of the rooms Charlie Slimecicle. We need to see them
theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end. theres no end.
please make it possible to pay with paypal. id love to buy your plushs but i cant qwq
I’m so glad you guys made more Backrooms, it’s one of my favourite series of yours!!! ❤
Not funny
Best series button  👇
Omg, I was hoping they'd make more backrooms videos! It's so fun seeing how crazy and insane they are when in the backrooms lmao.
god dammit not again
tommy and charlie just not knowing anything about the strike while ranboo struggles to explain is so fucking funny to me
17:21
if back final episode room is to back my rooms final again I swear final room back is back to final rooms annoying
BACKSHROOMS
Backrooms
Ty I just got into a bit of mycology and I will def buy your shroomz thanks
im so glad ur posting more of these
back
Just like the Backrooms, this series will never end. 💀💀💀
i loved this video so much but i have a question they never answered. ¿where are they?
SAG and MEG are in kahoots, they caused the backrooms.  tommy was onto something
ANOTHER ONE YES!
Yayyy! I bought the lickle mushy key boy. Thank you!
I THOUGHT WE WERE FREE
ITS NOT OVER?????
He really missed the opportunity to call the mushroom a mushsloom
Hello
Where can I submit my application to the Gommy Guild?
Let Jesus restore you
BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS ROOMS IN THE BACK 😀😀😀😀😀
Backrooms backrooms we're in the backrooms
This series is getting out of hands,and I love it
Wait are they in the backroom
no way they are in the backroom
im gonna make an update post when i finish this video  done: backrooms
more back, MORE ROOMS
oh no..
My favorite part was the backrooms
charlie please stop
Frontdorms
"I'm always getting off because I'm a- what was the word again? No, not a- GOONER!" 27:47
13:13
Someone used that mushroom already
34:02 ... genloss reference? (sorry)
Bro your milking this game dry
I will never get bored of these back room videos 🤌🤌
FUCK YES MY FAVORITE GAME OF ALL TIME IS BACK BABEEEEEEEEE
The Skyrim reference got me-
Wait? Are they in the backrooms?!?
wow
B-b-b ackriom?!
My favorite part was when the backrooms said it's rooming time and backroomed   all over the place
19:21
The strike shouldn’t even matter to Tom cause it’s American and does not apply to him
YES YES YES MORE BACKROOMS
OMFG GUYS THEY'RE GONNA GO BACK INTO THE ROOMS NEXT TIME AAA!!!
back back backrooms
Wait... are they in the Backrooms?
The end.. it's games.. Unlimited games BUT NO GAMES
BACKROOMS!!!!
They're back(rooms)!
Damn that’s BACKROOMS 😢
cum
ITS BACK(rooms) FINALLY(rooms)
Just like England.
how did you know i was watching all your bacckrooms vids????? mind reader frfr
Man. The wild duality of enjoying Slime's content but not being able to stand Tommy's voice for more than 3 minutes at a time. Glad to see this game is getting more love tho!
it's cool that fancy is trying to add every level. it means so much content. And I love watching youtubers play it too.
rip old slimecicle, now he’s just generic youtuber
This group are just slowly losing their sanity, someone get them sone almond water
I WAS JUST WATCHING THE OLD ONE NO WAY!!
earliest I've ever been to a backrooms video
I hate the swim rooms!! 😋
yes backrooms is back ...................................... E
Oh god damn it how is there another one and why do I keep watching this
I'm autism.
oppenheimer was so much better than barbie
oh my god backrooms idk how i was able to see the notification this late but wow ok this is epic
Legend has it if you say the best youtubers name you get pinned     Slmccl ranboo tommyinnit
play Inside the Backrooms next
every backrooms video slowly devolves into chaos and i'm here for it
17:23 *who the fuck*
tommy and ranboo: trying to decode the backrooms charlie: backwards!? BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BAC
In total, the crew said the word backrooms in this video 87 times.
47 minute gang rise up
so good, love these
Nothings better than watching slimecicle at 1am
Yummy video
love it!
Why is your face always so moist and reflectant
tommy eating into the mic is actually the worse thing he's done to me
Live laugh love the back rooms
Guess who's back... Backroomgain
theres finally another one!!
The fact that i just finished watching the other backroom vids, and a new one comes out 44 mins after is fucking amazing
THE ROOMS!!1!!1!1!
Where is this?!
NOOO NOT AGAIN NO MORE TOO MUCH BACKROOMS PLEASEEE 0:20
this is my serotonin
BACKRIMS
Perfect timing lol just finished the others
good god the backroms
I love watching Charlierooms
Oh my god... He made another one of these...
BACKROOMS
God, this is the most enjoyable brain damage I've ever received. Thanks Charl
The shrooms part I thought he was being serious.
YESSS I LOVE THESE VIDEOS!!
backrooms
props to slime for keeping the discussion at starts at 11:00 in, when one strikes we all strike, uplift fellow workers <3
Finally in a video early
Guys i don't wanna like- alarm anyone or anything. But like- i think they're in the backrooms
BACKSHROOMS
Every episode the backrooms continues the more fucking deranged Charlie gets. I'm fucking HERE for it.
Apandah would be proud of all the goonage going on here in the goonrooms
YES THE BACKROOMS AMONG US  IS BACK  (the sexs rooms 😳)
Ballrooms coster
ROOMS ROOMS ROOMS ROOMS
BACKROOMS
Charlie never fails to give me dysentery! <3
...
Just like fire  Tommyinnit: AHHHHH
i think this video is about the backrooms
Charlie, DO NOT PANIC. I am NO EXPERT. But I just ran the numbers and I THINK YOU JUST MIGHT BE in the BACK ROOMS.
more backroom
✨ B A K C R O O M S ✨
Charlie's a gooner😦
Slime i just want u to know i immediately bought the shroom plushie, my swift hands guided by your demand to do shrooms. Keep gunkin gooper
now i suppose we know what happened to tom "tornado" simons after the funeral.
What is this? The backrooms!?
WTH IS TOMMY EATING??
God, Tommy eating his food so loudly just made me completely zone out every time he ate, and i would just hear muffled eating. never ever eat on camera again
I loved the part where they went to the Bass Rooms
YESSSS
THEYRE IN THE ROOMS
YEAHHHH!!!
W charlie slimecicle
No way, I just finished the backroom series and there’s more
You can’t do this to me
I got to say I am glad that Tommy is still alive
OmG i CaN't BeLiEvE tOmMy Is AlIvE
Hell yeah I've been waiting for another one of these!
I'm so excited to watch 3 grown men scream backrooms for 37 minutes straight
where am i
Your so funny Charlie love you man 😊
YAAAAY
here we go again
Backrooms
MY THREE FAVORITE YOUTUBERS HAVE REUNITED ONCE AGAIN TO CREATE A MASTERPIECE
b a c k s h r o o m s
The boys are Back in the Rooms
Am i losing my mind or does charlie have eyeliner on
BACKROOMS
BACKROOMS?!??!
we love among us backrooms
This' the most scuffed shit ever
guys guys I THINK they're in THE BACKROOMS
I’ve watched the first backrooms backvideos many, many times. Now. A new backrooms backvideo has been presented to me, time to watch this one 235 times
Backrooming in the backrooms?!?!
backroom 🗿
No matter what, Slmccl will never escape the backrooms.
MORE BACK ROOMS?!?!??!?! My back rooms are positively quivering in anticipation.
I’m glad this exists
this is going to result in a live action video where tommy, charlie, and ranboo actually clip into the backrooms.
B A C K R O O M S
GUYS THEY'RE BACK IN THE ROOMS!!!
BACKROOMS?!
Therapy in the backrooms,,,,, what will happen next!!!!!
honestly whenever these 3 get together no matter what their playing, it will *ALWAYS* be chaotic
Guys im not quite sure but they might have clipped into the backrooms right now
im so happy
Oh no oh fuck oH GOD NOT AGaIN
The fact that they continued this series tells me that Tommy enjoyed it more than he let on
10:15 it’s ok clementine was just saying hello , right guys :)
backrooms ?!
Backrooms
YESSS I LOVE THIS SERISES
What mic do you use?
Plz don't call transfurs goos
them taking a break from the backrooms to explain how strikes work to tommy
I'm glad to see the backrooms
This is exactly what I needed for my already extremely disoriented self
BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS  BACK ROOMS BACK ROOMS
They aren’t the Backstreet Boys, theyre the Backrooms Boys
I WAS JUST WATCHING ALL OF THE EPISODES LIKE AN HOUR AGO
It's always a good day when Slimecicle posts
Get your before 30 minutes ticket here!
so glad this series is back😂
I love how Tommy just spontaneously starts playing attack of the killer queen.
BACK      AREAS
10:14 and i'll name it ClEmiNtIne
Back
giggling
Why are they room in the backs? They reback'oomsr! Braocokm!!!!
For anyone wondering, you can talk about the Barbie movie on social media without violating the strike. If you’re being paid to talk about it, that violates the strike. That’s it.  EDIT: this may not be accurate, I’ve gotta look into it a bit more. Seems like it should be fine for any person with a small following, but ig for someone like Ranboo it’d be different. Support the writers‼️
YIPEE !! These backrooms vids genuinely are the joy of my week when they come out, loved this one just as much, as expected ! Hope you’re well !  :DD  Also, during the SAG strikes, anyone with a media presence has been asked and advised to not promote any pieces of media which are barred and not to discuss them in the public eye in general, unless you’re chill w specifying that you think people should pirate the barred media, which is basically a crime so it’s safer to just not refer to any pieces of media which are barred haha, pretty sure there are master lists available online which explain what pieces of media are barred if you want to be careful with it! Support the strikes, this momentary pause means that creative industries will be more respected and fairly paid in the long run :D
oh shoot I came here early ya?
sigh i hate to say it but i really miss the old slmccl that would basically not be yelling at a camera the whole time. I wish we had more videos with the old crew( bizly, condi, and grizz ), and yes I know they have JRWi but its not the same as playing games. Just feel like the DreamSMP stans are just pumping these videos with views because it has their tommy or ranboo in it.
Noooooooo!
noway they are backing into the rooms
HELL YEAH BACKROOOOOOMS
here we go again
This video is so BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS
Y'know, the last videos were really lacking a good bit of "back". And maybe some rooms, as well.
*Early gang*  |  V
I impressed this game isnt a bitcoin miner
Nut
YESSSSS MORE ROOMS IN THE BACK
B…B…BACKROOMS
Philadelphia
it’s offical charlie now IS the backrooms
FINALLY
MORE CLIPPING. MORE BACK. ALL NEW ROOMS.
me everytime one of these videos is uploaded: YES YES YES YES YES
Every time you make a new backrooms video a little more of my sanity clips In to the backroom
whenever i see the word backrooms in a title i get ptsd
charlie needs to play roblox backrooms apeirophobia but hey this is still funny
WHY WAS SOMEONE HAVING A SEIZURE IN WATER
Bæçkrœømš
ah yes, my favorite trio ever. the backroomers
Ermermermermermermermerm Ermermermermermermermerm slime gooky
OH MY GOSH BACKROOMS!!!111!1!1!!!    GUYS WE'RE IN THE BACKROOMS WHILE BACKING INTO ROOMS!!!1!!! THE ROOMS ARE ALL THE WAY IN THE BACK AND THEY'RE ROMING THE ROOMS IN THE BACK OF THE ROOMS!!1!1!!11!!
AN UPLOAD!! A BLESSING FROM THE LORD! HE IS THE MESSIAH!
Backrooms
More clap-slimecicl 2023
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
LETS GOOO MORE BACKROOMS
Yay more of these! Charlie is the funniest guy on the Internet, you can't convince me otherwise
BACKROOMS!!!!
You three need therapy
HII CHARLIEEE
FINALLY
While I am glad there are more rooms... I still can't help but wonder... *WHY ARE THEY BACK WHY ARE THEY BACK WHY ARE THEY BACK WHY A-*
THATS MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER/STREAMER
I rescued a bird and after it recoverd to help and flew around terrorising my family this is a nice change of pace
I cool can I get a pin
My day is better now that slmccl uploaded
711 haha
backrooms
I LOVE THESE BACKROOMS VIDEOS <33  IM NOT ASHAMED TO SAY THAT I WATCH THESE VIDEOS RELIGOUSLY.
I missed this so much!!
can’t wait to see what backrooms they no-clip into today!! it’s gonna be really liminal.
YAAAY
Keep up the work
Backroom
i love backrooms backrooms is so funny i LOLD soooo hard i love backrooms 😆
This video truly was liminal
Charlie needs to go to backrooms therapy
Thank u for deciding to make my day better
I wonder how many times they said backrooms?
Imagine the game ended and all it said was “congratulations you escaped the FRONT rooms”
Charlie “liminal” Slimecicle sent me to the backrooms
I'm so backrooms whenever I watch Slmccl
no fucking way they’re back in the rooms
yappe
3 MINUTES I LOVE YOU CHARELESLESLESLESLESLES
They're pretty bad at staying in the 'living-rooms'🤓
Backrooms
The way he backed into the room was so backrooms of him
backrooms
Backshrooms
Yo
Being a fan of Charlie Slimecicle is like being of ConnorEatsPants if he did crack
IM EARLY  pin: chrl pls edit me
gegg nooo
THE BACKROOMS
its good
Ah yes, 1000 views, in two minutes, and it’s a thirty minute video! It all makes sense.
OMFG THIS IS MY MOST FAVOURITE SERIES OF ALL TIME IM SO EXCITED TO WATCH AAAA
NO PLEASE PLEASE NOT AGAIN 😟😟😟😟
They back again, IN THE BACKROOMS HEHEHEAHAA
Nice.
The first level is actually called level:the hub
My therapist has told me not to watch these lest my mental state deteriorate to the level of a newborn, but the backrooms are just too enticing
tommy reading the wikihow word by word is hilarious 🥲
crash out of the backrooms
Let’s play a game. Take a shot every time one of the boys says “backrooms”
backshrooms.
Why do my favourite creators always drop merch when you’re at your brokest 😢
why
slimecicle is fr very good at marketing his merch. sorta reminds me of flamingo.
Ago what’s the white stuff on the plush?
This is chaos, and I love every second of it.
HELL YEAH
i love getting to Charlies videos is the first 5 mins
Bacicròplnm. My fa viurire ccintent.
backrooms.
Oh boy more backrooms 😊
Backshrooms 🔛🔝
Yayyyyyy
Ima need that location to the sex rooms
I love it when they said “it's backroomin' time” and then backroomed all over the place
guys I think they’re in the backrooms
Oh no not again
bathrooms..
ITS BACKROOM SLIME I MEAN SLIME I MEAN SLIME I MEAN SLIME I MEAN SLIME I MEAN SLIME I MEAN SLIME I MEAN SLIME I MEAN SLIME
Can you play wobble dogs again it was the saddest and funniest thing
tommy!? i thought you were dead bro
I LOVE THIS SERIES UNIRONICALLY SO MUCH AND EVERY TIME I WATCH IT I FEEL MY BRAINCELLS DRAINING BUT WHO CARES!!!
THE BACK ROOOM
im living for these backroom videos
I wonder when slimecicle will make it to the back rooms of your moms house
every time charlie uploads a level gets added to the backrooms
this is very funny !!! and !! is also the backrooms ! awesome
it bakrom
Idk why but id like charlie ted and schlatt to play this together
Every single backrooms video devolves into these guys being absolute savages and personally, I’m here for it.
AGAIN??????
one of my favorite series
Guys...   are they in the backrooms?
I’m so early!!! Ahhh! I love your videos!!! Ahahahahaha!!!! Eueists
GUYS, I think we’re in the BACKROOMS
It's always a good day when slmccl posts❤
I’m going crazy in back room 😟
THEYRE STILL IN THE BACKROOMS NOOOO
I'm really early! Super glad I subbed and turned on the notifications so I could catch videos on time
forwardrooms when
bcackrums
sex room
Backrooms?!?
These videos are my spirit animal
Backrooms
BACKROOMS
i love the backrooms 😍😍😍😄😄😄
Welcome back to another episode of the backrooms entities being stuck with slimecicle and his terrifying gang of goblins  I fear for those poor monsters
ZOINKS It’s the B-b-b-BACKROOMS 😧 😰😰😰😨😨😨😱
LETS GOOOO
WAIT ARE YOU IN THE ROOMS IN THE BACK?!?
Yooooo! Being silly in the backrooms again?
YESSSS BACKROOMS POPPY PLAY TIME 3AM FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDYS FNAF 6AM AMONG US CAN YOU SURVIVE CAN I SURVIVE
Can’t believe they’re back in the back backrooms
Backrooms 😱😱
I swear they make almost every game they play so chaotic-
I feel like Ive seen this before
ITS FINALLY BACK LETS GOOOOOO BACKROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMSSSSSSSSS
I think they're in the backrooms guys
YES
I think they’re in the back rooms? /j
Best series! 🎉
1 minute ago go crazy
Here we go again😂
The back rooms are back
I think they're in the backroomd
I THOUGHT IT WAS IT OMG YES
Glad to see this back 😊(rooms)
Backrooms
they made the backrooms too funny
Man this is a weird looking minecraft mod
video
e
Not sure but i think there in the backrooms
Backrooms?!
Charlies first day in the backrooms but they realized he was front
In every video Charlie just gets more unhinged.
Are you guys in the backrooms?
Hear me out and I know that this is wild, I think they're in the backrooms
The rooooooms
Good video!!!
Backrooms 💃
These videos are so funny
I clicked so fast I swear to god
FINALLY
I love your content. Keep it up
Backrooms with slime/charlie
Hi slime boy
Nice
Yippee! Sure hope nothing backrooms related is said this episode
IT'S RETURNED
not the backrooms…slime I can’t handle this again
BACKROOMS ARE ADDICTING
I was waiting for this video! Guess you had been too busy in the Backrooms to play when the update came out.
Backroom
I just finished watching all of Charlie's Backrooms videos and now there's another one! I'm so happy!
IM HERE FIRST!!!
they’re back in the fucking rooms again
MORE CLIPPING MORE BACK ALL NEW ROOMS  THE BACKROOMS (THE (UN)TRUE (SEMI)FINAL EPISODE)
I think they’re in the backrooms
ND I LOVE THE BACKROOMS VIDEOS AND WAS WATCHING ONE WHEN THIS WAS POSTED
how tf are there 300+ likes with 3 views
foaming at the mouth.  i may be a lil excited to watch this..
I feel like I’m early for some reason but idk?
i am shidder
WOW
So fun to watch the slimerino give back once more
BACK IN THE NEW BACKROOMS???
I THOUGHT I WAS FREE
BACKROOMS!!
I guess we’re Back in the Rooms
HUGE
HOLY SHIT NEW BACKROOMS VIDEO!?
G-guys? We're in the backrooms again..
oooooogalllie boggggalie
I'm so glad we got more cracked energy from the crew when they're in the backrooms
Good video. Funny video. He he hawhaw game.
Damn lol
EARLY GANG WHERE WE AT? 👇
backroom more like oh no
Love your stuff keep up the great work
Woooo
Why would be surprised by clipping if thats literally the game
YIPPEE!!! NEW UPLOAD
I think he is at the backrooms
YEAH BACK TO THE BACKROOMS
yessss :D
Squiggly.
😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
I’m glad to be the first to enjoy this masterpiece of a backroom
Wooo I’m early to slime video!
IM IN THE BACKROOMS
Under a minute new record
yay
backrooms
Hi
Yo first comment
first
YAS WE ARE BACK IN THE UM BACK ROOMS!
Bacjfirongms
First
Slabcmkl
Yoooo first
Artisanal
holy shit its the backrooms
YIPPEE
Backrooms
Backrooms uh oh
neat
BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS BACKROOMS
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE!!! TURN IT UP!!
Claim your within an hour ticket here! 🎫
I think they're in the backrooms
guys are you in the backrooms thats crazy
guys I think they’re in the backrooms
I’m the first one here
E
HE IS IN THE BACKROOMS
This is just like the time I was in the backrooms
BACKROOMS
Omg ITS THE BACKROOMS
oh my god guys, i think they might be in the backrooms
Lol
Its back 🎉
They’re in the backrooms
Е КРИНЖЕВЫЙ БЕКРУМСС
BACK ROOMS?? WHO WOULDA GUESSED
crazy
You posted this while I watching one of the older videos
Backtooms
Backrooms can’t get too funny right?
Always a good day when Charlie posts
BACKROOMS
JUST WHEN I THOUGHT I NEVER NEEDED MORE, THEY CAME BACK(ROOMS)
Stop coming inside of my backrooms
THE BACKROOMS MAN IS BACK IN THE ROOMS
Throw it back in the backrooms for me slimy boy
Yay more vids
This is gonna be so backrooms
Guys I think they’re in the Backrooms
ough.... backrooms
He’s back. In the rooms. The rooms he’s back in. The backed rooms. Back room. Room.
backrooms.
great video to clip to
Backromms
the infamous trio has done it again 😃
I’m Snorlacs
BACKROOOMSSS
Make a slime plushie based on me please Also first
I have finished the game 20 times
BACKROOMS
We are at he bacrooms
cool
THEY ARE BACK IN THE BACKROOMS
THERES MORE???????
Hello
MORE BACKROOMS?!?!
We in the backrooms!
BACKROOMS? BACKROOMS.
dont break into my backrooms slmccl
backroom
They might be in the backrooms
snackrooms
Why slimecicle you don't have to subject yourself to this torture
NOT AGAIN
BACKROOMS
Backroom
yippee
Yay first comment
Slime is too funny with this
Bro, you live in the backrooms
MORE BACKROOMS!!!
W slmccl
It's official, they've all gone insane
Idk why I have the urge to say 30s ago but hu
No way
they're still stuck in the backrooms? unlucky!
Lol
uh oh
I thought you were done with this series lmao
I mennsvk
We’re in the fucking back rooms again
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYAY
Hi
Backrooms
room of backs spine rooms XD
Funny
First!
Not the sloop rooms
Oh dear god, how many times will they slip into the backrooms. Their sanity must be slipping.
BACKRROOOOOOOMSSSSS
7
YES AGAINNNN
Finally
Yay
ackeooms
HELLO
Woah backrooms
LETS GOOO
Not again, please
BACKROOMS HOLY SHIT
WOAHHHH THIS IS AWESOME YOU ARE AWESOME SLIMECICLE!
Hi
First
Backrooms
backrooms
You knows it a good day when Charlie uploads  Omg mom I’m famous!
Ahh
BACKROOMS???? AGAIN????
First
Not again!!!!
wowza
THEYRE BACK IN THE BACKROOMS 😰😰😰
Bro aint no way
3
Yes
Men back
ITS BACK
HELLO
reald
FIRST
If you make another backrooms video I will clip my f**king fist into your face
23 seconds
ANOTHER ONE
GIOOPPS
AAAAAA
Yay
More back
YIPPEE😊
not another one...
Yes
