I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
The M series is based on reverse engineered Alien tech.
In 2019, as said in the video, iPad with A10 chip was released in 2019 has surpassed Macbook Pro Intel in 2018. But the thing is, in the 2017 iPad Pro has A10x chip which is more powerful than 2019's iPad. Which means, Apple has beaten Intel chips early in 2017, not 2019. Right?
who cares.
This was all possible because they made their own graphics card. Intel has the capabilities and AMD has more experience with this. But when motherboards had a north bridge back in the day and then one day  they didnt anymore. I wondered why doesnt the motherboard need a northbridge anymore? What changed? Well it still had north bridge but it was now incorporated into the CPU die so it ran at the speed of the processor and not the 33MHZ of the motherboard. I thought "Can they do that" and if so why not incorporate the graphics card into the cpu die so it will be even faster. Whats more why not do this what the ram aswell and any other pars of the motherboard that can be on the cpu die. Thats what Apple did with there processors. So they added the graphics and the ram on the cpu giving them an incredible boost in performance. This is why the new Mac Pro looks empty inside because they dont need  to have ram and graphics cards anymore. Only problem with this is... You cant upgrade them. If you ram is now in your processor then its a fixed amount of ram and cant be upgraded. Same with the graphics card and on the X86 side its not so easy because there is nVidia and AMD and what if you like nVidia instead of AMD for your grahics. You can see how it wouldnt be so easy to do on the PC side. Amd also does this but for some reason its not prioritized and I think thats because if AMD did this then they cant sell you a graphics card in addition to a AMD Cpu. I really think this is why Apple is ahead of the game. Since they have no actual compition with the components inside the computer its not a problem for Apple to go this route. Its really given them a true edge because they dont have to rely on anyone to make the cpus anymore. Making the Mac the first true computer made by one company for the mainstream. Yes. Including now the software that runs the computer and now the cpus that run those computers.
It did not change a thing. The majority of jobs using computers are not video editing jobs.   They are jobs that need a desktop PC that can run high-end engineering jobs, 3D model jobs, etc.   Locking all the hardware down for that has shown  why SoCs will never take over and why phones and tablets will never replace a desktop computer.
Arm chips? When they're making Leg chips? Robots need more then arms
Intel chips remind me of Uncle Rico from "Napolean Dynamite": still struggling to live its glory days. While Apple and AMD silicon is the new 20-something athlete kicking everyone's ass in the field.
The original ARM CPU was for a desktop and it is almost as old as x86. The original chip was so low power that it could turn on just from the signal lines.
The whole apple price hate is so forced u get a m4 macbook air for 899 and an iphone pro max for 1299 wheres the samsung flagship ultras always launch at around 1499$
bckg music was unnecessary
0:04 hoeui
Amazing
I have an M4 and omg what a monster
I switched off when this dude said he was a windows user.
It would have been fun if apple could just sell me that M4 as a chip , how intell does and i can put it in a gamming pc. With liquid coolingrtx 5090 and soo on
What a load of BS…Apple chips are neither powerful or energy efficient.
Can we get an m4 update?
M4
2025, I have the Mac Air M4 15”. Trust me it’s a monster 💀
I am amazed this video is still up with how many errors are in it?
Apple made the innovation and is on its way to souring everyone on it. For the most part ARM is known for its bottlenecks, and on phones a perfect storm with low ram, with limited futureproofing.   Apple could make it clear we can move past this era, and with the arm chip they may have, but with nearly everything else they have not.  They've continued the stupid decision to base model at 8fb of ram on a tiny SSD. Which, particularly in combination, cause bottlenecks.  For years users with reasonable use cases have been experiecing this on Apple for awhile. Now with advancement of personal assistant AI that is going to skyrocket, and for normal users too. They are finding Apple Intelligence is going to need 16gb ram on full fledged Mac OS, and most of their users don't have that by Apple's own design. Additonally while clouds are great plenty needs to be cached locally, certain things need to be run locally, so are maxing out the SSD too and in an environment that will increasingly rely on swap.  Then we have the greater software issues with an arch change. I was on Apple at the end of the G4 era and it wad a bit of a software desert. Already MS is backaway and on critical software for things like game compatibility. Even simple things like codecs have a rough time in weird places. I had to "downgrade" my dad to an intel mac because certain streaming services didn't run right. It got escalated through Apple support to the point they admitted they can't fix it. His vision is poor so bright clear HD video is a lot of his use case.   This time Jobs isn't around to bail them out.  The irony that the ARM chip that broke the bottleneck, was bottlenecked itself by a greedy controlling manufacturer stunting their own machines.
This video lived rent free in my mind for years, and eventually nudged me towards my first ever MacBook I bought a few weeks ago.
I took some assembly language courses in the early 90's with x86 and the 32bit ARM chips. All I thought was wow ARM is so clean and unencumbered. But then again - so was the Motorola 68k series. x86 was a pile of kludges.
Problem of everything on one chip is of crashing of that chip with everything on it unlesss…… only in consultation
X86 architecture was developed by and not intel
why didn;t i buy the stock when the rave reviews were coming in from ordinary people on YT?
You mean how did ARM do it….
RISC
The reality is shortened here so much that it is more like a fairytale. ARM was not the only and not the first RISC architecture; others are SPARC (SUN, Fujitsu), MIPS, PA-RISC (HP) or DEC Alpha. Even Intel had the Itanium. And these were intended for workstations and servers, including supercomputers. ARM at this time - 1980s and 1990s - was more like a toy processor. They just had the better marketing and licensed the architecture to many companies, not producing chips themselves.
Like AMD has the best commercial server grade processors and they look like they came from space, Snapdragon has their 8 elite .... these companies are coming quick .. and intels gonna slip hard .. its sad to see them in this state, companies dont trus intel enough to run their npu's on intel. At first I was like .. well the M series from apple is like Celeron from Intel .... but NO .... I was hella wrong ... its literal RAW power ...and you do feel its effortlessness. my old relic brain also thought that you must have a dedicated seperate GPU to achieve actual performance .. but you dont need that ..
Ryzen Ai and intel ultra chips are fighting back in terms of power and efficiency along with a longer battery life. It seems that x86 is not dead yet
I just bought an M4 MacBook Pro. Astonishing performance and battery life. I wonder what comes next...
that's a wee bit of an overstatement. powerful and energy efficient, yes, but that comes with a major tradeoff. mac os remains as loathsome as ever, the hardware remained equally expensive, and most of the software people use have not yet been recompiled for the arm64 platform. it's not just office and web browsers, and Java or other cross platform based software is little used in the desktop world. i mean it's fine for the mac platform, but that only makes like 10% of pc users only, the rest of 80+ % of us will just stick to classic x86-64 PCs and Windows/Linux dual boot, for the time being :) :) :)
Basically RISC based ARM is smaller, energy efficient, and more vectorizable than bulky CISC architecture. But it's not necessarily more computationally powerful. Only energy efficient.
Got a second hand M2 laptop a year ago and ... wow. Does as well if not better than my home PC I paid double the price
4 years later with the M1 and I haven't thought about upgrading at all, the M1 is just that good. My previous intel macbooks always felt slow, but not the M1. Maybe the only thing that will get me to upgrade is WiFi 7.
And their marketing is _so_ good that no one is angry that they've been ripping off customers for decades 😂
Now we are on M4 Family of Generationa and Windows still hasn't been able to ctach Apple lately ! Apple didn't just introduce a new chip infact they shook the whole industry with this M1 intro! They Broke it !❤
"even when i open one of those bigger apps like chrome"? 😂
I have the M4 iPad Pro now and the performance is on another level literally everything opens pretty much instantly the power is insane and incredible
It's software that makes computers useful. And a lot of legacy code that's not being ported.
We are 4 years in, nothing happened
If you're 55-65 in tech you'll remember this very well.
Cost to the time from china telefon why owner iphone pun china single single card that time mod live second 3rd oppo oppo k**** pembunuhan kompani Ilove you uni what time nokia call and comment memori otawa body i am prepare of the paper i'm talking about i am wait is one turner cisco because i promise conferensi talking i am the only one hard not two the only one time thank you i love you so much you like you like which is reload become to me in talking how much dong ori andlibel to you the money
Nokia the first telefonnya change from nokia meteorola sony ericsson three times of the times phone sony ericsson samsung of the big samson inside me millime on buy to the market inside the millimiwa amber how much 600 96 ringgit the people don understand to the own picture mafia to me big samsung thank you so much ya thank you so much ya rusia iphone 5 of the pressure 9 yang hal pun 5.9ILOVE You uni kos of the main people hot the download telefon is all phone 60 mbs mbs
Antarget i'm abroad because your like you like a show interest youtube from inside sabah you looking to the are you like you look to thailand airlam to the all of the boring pooring country on the walking from ireland to the time of the businessman 3 month sabah you go to island because i'm not the first of the business white is al takaro aintri show hunter complete complete is my map to me because because of the 5 people not good ya bad my market other plater munti racun check the body water heart or the mix water nat motivasi because this is muntikacha what the floater not mean holland perempuan feeder because from ireland one of the map tujuh side polis hot 1910 🏹 the water heart fidel you go to the police 79 name of the circle install 79 feet feeder kompyuta
How many awal for me side sabah❤palson bin kibtiani Norraesah binti Abdul Rahman 🇺🇸🇹🇼 iLove you uni
The follow the first speaker thank you so much yeah at the uk ya time rogyline region of the 45 country on control mr david funny sky blue walking from company people germany's and liber hormones two times two times of the couple big couple
You like you looking at diamond london city 4 people of the girl inside afrika nyonyok cd united states dubai gt arab saudi to the house master the larang saudi arabia china virginia italy ra europe to the only shoes i'm labour and level for polo discus of the sains money australia the science mega saudi arabia from iran or the first follow the how many times three times the name ILove you uni 🍹🍰🌷💍🍰 because i'm talking from president dating from malaya you you sport to me how many president hadir change najib dira broken prime shot najib diraja to me president change ismail ismail president of the broken promise to me auto money picture because is like of the movie of 1 channel i love you so much to the old country
I have the M4 iPad Pro now the thing is fast it opens everything instantly
Smartphone?  Stupid F'rs.  Never buy something so stupidly small.  Processing power will never surpass desk/laptops, for goodness sake.  If it does IT WILL become a laptop or even desktop.  Stupid premise.
0:54 Even that they will do out of greed, lust for control, spite, hatred, ill pride and envy.
you can still not game on these things so screw em 😃
Watching this in 2025 on my M4 MacBook Air. Snagged on sale from MicroCenter for $850 only two weeks after release. This machine is a beast! M1 changed the world.
13:40 - Correction, it’s iPhone 4, not 5.
seems intel today forced to pay microsoft - not to develop windows arm version
Too bad this chip is so proprietary, apple can do whatever it wants to the users. The same holds true to the inability to upgrade memory or gpu on the side, so apple can sell the upgrades for bigger money and to shorten the life cycle of the device.
The crazy thing that puts into perspective how powerful phones and ARM chips have gotten is that the latest and greatest phones have better specs, save for GPU but even then they're getting close, to the specs of my first gaming pc in 2017.
Arm did it apple can design what they want as long as they fallow arm's rules also TSMC made it happen. Apple placed a custom order. Microsoft tried Arm a decade before they should have stuck with it.
when Steve is gone the company's innovation is not so--
Comparing with iphone mini is crazy 🫡👌🏼
Well... I wouldn't bet on the trajectory of Apple Silicon. Remember, the in the early 90s RISC beat CISC. DEC Alpha, MIPS, Power, PowerPC, all outran the 486. 10 years later x86 is about 3x faster than PowerPC and about 10x faster than ARM. By 2016 the tables are turned again. And today (Feb 2025) I see the AMD Zen5 at 40W neck-n-neck with Apple's M4 Pro at 50W. And, in case anyone is wondering, Intel years in the wilderness getting stomped by TSMC from it's 2019 decision NOT to adopt EUV lithography (they eventually did 4 years after TSMC in 2023) may very well be reverse by it's 2024 decision to adopt NA EUV while TSMC passed on it. -- All the trends aside, here's the simple and crude version of what happened. RISC had a tremendous efficiency and performance advantage over CISC in the 90s by having fixed instructional lengths execution cycles. Then CISC chips became RISC chips underneath with fancy ways to translate CISC instructions into RISC like code at the HW level. Meanwhile RISC chips like the PowerPC G5 got very wide and very deep pipelines in order to brute force additional performance. CISC won this round. Then RISC (Apple) took that all that HW level translation nonsense and put it in software like Rosetta and simplified and cleaned-up the CPU itself. RISC is back! Today, CISC is striking back with multiple core types and multiple HW acceleration modules which beat even the most efficient CPU style execution of what matters to the users. And, with the GPU portion of the equation being the power hog both are again even.
Phone will never compare to an equivalent desktop build because of the biggest factor, heat. Desktop can have water cooling while a phone typically doesn't even have a single fan.
I'm an apple hater from day 1 but, ngl in terms of processor development, they absolutely blows everyone out the water in mobile processing power.
You’ve literally just inspired me to buy a MacBook. I’m going to the Apple Store in 10 minutes.
Cool, so my m2 iPad Pro is better than most consumer computers.
i was shocked to see that the top phones and ipads from 2018 onwards beat out their macbook counterparts in geekbench multi-cores.  i was really shook. like what....  all this time i've been using my mac to work, where it would have been actually faster on the mobile counterparts. and consumes way less power.
I've been very impressed with Apple's M chips! This was one of the best moves by Apple and I can't wait to see how much more powerful these chips become in the future.
We need a follow up on this video. Now we have more ARM cpus on the market 2024
Apple didn't change shit. The entire industry was already working on these chips. Apple just did it first which also cost them a huge security flaw.
Well this quote "Apple claims the MI to be the fastest CPU in the world. Given our data on the [older] A14, beating all of Intel's designs, and just falling short of AMD's newest Zen3 chips, we can certainly believe Apple and the Mi to be able to achieve that"  M4 max is the first CPU to break 4000 single core score on geeek-bench and has the worlds fastest single core and multicore CPU ever. Than every CPU on even the most high end PC's including thread stripper and server CPUS. That runs on battery.  :) You need to make another video on this. M4/M4 pro / M4 max is at the top of every CPU in the world. And things are going to get crazier with the M4 ultra with a ridiculous multi-core score :). Apple should focus more on the gpu part now :) M4 max is clocked at 18 teraflops.
Time here, the M1 is still more than enough for 80% of the market out there. The better the base model chips get the less people need to upgrade real world, thus less recycling and waste.  M1 changed everything and we're living in the greatest times as a Mac fan. Can't wait to get my base model m4 with 1tb 16GB ram for......yes $1200 (including Apple Care).  Insane.
and this was 3 years ago.. welcome to the M4 chip ;) and soon M5
For once, Apple did something good. ARM is the future.
Years later this video is still exciting to watch. I'm a PC user and when Apple introduced the m1, I was so excited. I love competition and I knew that it meant that consumers were the ones who were winning. PC's would have to wait for their moment but it would come. Now all computers are good
Yeah it doesn't really have desktop performance
coldfusion should definitely do an episode on how apple started the culture of removing accessories which are mandatory like a charger from the box and the start charging extra for those. also how they intentionally make their product not repairable. they dont allow their customers to repair something that they paid full price for. this is a disgrace
2024 and I am saying, deal with arm, A7 and then finally, M1 was one of the best thing that happened in the computing industry ever, and the best one in decades. To the point that, Intel and alike are dying with every single Macbooks.  And with foldables becoming more advanced and mainstream, general people may need to have only one device pretty soon.
How Diddy do it ?
hitting 60 fps on lol is pathetic XD
M1 chip don’t matter when your MacBook blows itself up sending 12 volts to your SSD
In 2024, there is Firestorm+++.
intel is going down now new era of ai is coming
Needing a more powerful computer isn’t relevant to everyone.  But having more efficiency and less power consumption is. And it’s something everyone can notice.    This is deeper than it sounds.  The majority don’t need extremely powerful laptops.
cant believe not a mention of Palm ot Handspring who had Touch screens long before everyone. They had the first Smart phone. Apple was revelotionary with no key board... then under the radar, Palm came with WebOs.
No, as the average lifespan is still 3 years, against the 10 years of a desktop.... it still is a waist of money to buy a laptop.
10 incorrect  and 3 skipp
BS
It's kinda awesome that this stemmed from Acorn Computers. I used them back in the 90s in school and just kinda thought they disappeared into the void, but their legacy still live on today, which is cool!
RISC and CISC are more general terms.
M1 is amazing
Computer chronicles nailed the RISC future. Missing these kinds of TV shows where intellectuals talk in a civilized manner and topics are sensible.
AMD is one to keep a eye on
Why is Intel Sleeping
5 nanometer that’s crazy
I love the M1 it’s amazing
the a14 is only faster in some things, i9 absolutely shits on the 14 in some tasks. also the video exporting is comparing different software/hardware combo not just cpu.  a14 may be good but apples true business is marketing and manipulation, they are so good i swear they could convince most people shit has more value than gold.  i dislike apple for their shit practices, steve jobs may have been shit human and a conman, but atleast good has come from it in the form of extra competition for other companies.
Love the M1 processor somehow it’s still zippy and fast I got my M1 iPad Pro in July 2021 and now it’s July 2024 the M1 is still overkill performance
Yeah, this didn't change shit, lol.
Do you guys reckon they will reach nanometers regarding the transistor size and if so how long will it take?
Imagine playing GTA 6 on your phone?👍
M1 did change the industry I love the M1 overall I think it still holds up strongly in my iPad Pro even almost 3.5 years later
Still amazed by the M1 iPad Pro 3 years later
...But can it run Steam games for Windows?  While the tech *is* impressive, having the most powerful hardware means jack-shit if your rig is hampered by a proprietary ecosystem with a limited number of software it can run.
Even when Apple released the Macbook 12” with the lowpower 5w “Core M3”, intel didn’t realise what’s upcoming 😁
This is the video for all the idiots who keep repeating that lie that Apple doesn’t innovate anymore
he's a windows user?  unsubscribed!
X86 will never die
Turns out that there was something to this. WWDC 24 brought everything together.
And we found the real sponsor
Thank you ❤
After 4 years of the launch of M1, I bought my first Mac :D It is just that good objectively.
for once coldfusion video has many factual errors maybe because i work in the semiconductors chip manufacturing businesses . in real life both intel & apple aka risc, cisc are actually micro-op based, and they have same no of instruction set, so risc aka arm is not actually "redused isc" otherwise it couldn't be 64 bit desktop runable. reason is design & node & macos, aka you can run x86 chip at equivalent 5watt (intel atom) and run arm at 110watts if you want like apple ultra glued pro chips. it is by design . x86 started at 210nm so they stick with more double watt for the last inefficient 20--400 mhz speed aka they run on purpose at 4.7ghz instead of arm running at 3.0ghz at half efficient watt. this is chip design 110% and not actually risc cisc at all  unsubbed
Me in 2019: Daym I should have bought Apple stock in 2006 Me in 2024: Daym I should have bought Apple stock in 2019
subtitles please
Graphics Cards Either Accelerate DirectX, OpenGL (Old Low Level) or Apples Metal. Software and Hardware are Tied.
Software and Hardware are Tied. Intel/Nvidea, couldn't Simply just Make their Geforce Ti cards Work on the Mac by Releasing Drivers.
Fun fact: the number of instructions in the ARMv8 architecture (incl. ASIMD) is similar to that of the Intel 64 architecture including everything up to AVX2.  It's not “bloat” from “too many instructions” that makes x86 CPUs harder to scale, but rather factors such as the more complex instruction encoding, intertia from Intel having ridden out the same microarchitecture since the PPro days, differences in the memory model, and better memory latency on tightly integrated SoCs vs. systems with discrete memory and GPU.  Being able to design a whole system more or less from the ground up gave Apple the ability to sidestep many of the design constraints that hobble the existing Wintel ecosystem.
And why it doesn't matter (2024)
I think the M series maxbook are just overrated. Dont buy it and expect it to replace your pc.
is this the downfall of intel? is this the beginnings of an end 😢
What most people don't realize is that Moore's law is becoming less and less true, the nanometers in the architecture that used to signify some dimension of a transistor on a chip now mean nothing and are for marketing purposes only. There's nothing that is the size of 5nm in 5nm chips as the industry struggles to invent processors that are quicker. It might very well look like x86 might become too difficult to improve further and in order to achieve more computational power we might need to switch architecture to something else, like ARM. The big question is that if Microsoft and Intel are going to be ready for the switch or if they let themselves stagnate as they get overtaken by, for instance Linux which already works on several architectures, including ARM. The big player in the x86 game is Windows and if it doesn't incentivise manufacturers to create ARM components we might get stuck with a single company that figured it out and a bunch that are way late to the party.
Still love the M1
Anyone that buys apple products is goofy
12:00 Intel HAD CPU for Apple! It was powering almost ALL HP iPAQ's all Pocket PC's mobile phones also Blackberry mobile phones Intel XScale ARM it was later sold to Marvell (or maybe purchased from) at that time though Samsung was making even better CPU's using even less power and had GPU that what Intel had not. Most of palmtops had on board ATI graphics later sold by AMD to other vendors. Intel had CPUs had ever since 2000 the problem is Intel never tried to make best ARM CPUs in newest tech consuming less power. Rather tried to make it cheap for all these embadded devices. Apple wanted speed
You’re a Windows and Android user! I’m sorry😂. Everyone doesn’t hate Apple just dumb people that use PC’s and don’t know what they’re missing.
Still won't buy any Apple product.
For years Apple was in the "better but more expensive" portion of the price-performance graph. With the M series they are now in the "better and cheaper" quadrant.
Phones are leading the way.
7:05 7:06 7:08
5:01
And n the m1 and m2 are in the latest iPad Pro models the m1 is still overkill in my opinion for iPad os I’m still getting about 6-7 hours per day even after 2.5 years of heavy use the m1 is still a monster in performance coupled with double the ram from 4 gigs of ram in the 2017 iPad Pro to 8/16 gigs of ram in the M1 and M2 iPad Pro models it’s definitely overkill performance
Now we know how M chips are in destroying the SSD in macbook.. Apple's greedy plan is working.
Pretty impressive, still never buying an iphone
Truly the M1 is a blessing for consumers, really happy with my iPad Air 5😊
Apple soc is amazing piece of work, programs fun x50 times better then windows.  Intel biggest mistake not working with apple. They could be giving arm run for money if they just work with apple.  Arm is already entering server game and breaking Linux core count make then need to add more support. So it's only time before arm starts to take slices of desktop and laptop market.
The ARM chips are actually good but then its apple and its pReMiUm eCoSYsTeM so therefore they crap over everything else and make the entire thing suck.
Got my m3 pro MBP couple of weeks ago, but still in love with m1 air, going to keep it as long as it possible
great video!!!!
Stop using Latest CPU based device. I think all of you guys are just in a race of consumerism where everyone wants  to show who is more powerful. BUT IN REALITY, all of you guys are stop using your own minds.  CPUs are already multi-processor. means it can do many task at the same time.  Even the basic CPU  [ Intel 13 Gen CPUs + AMD Zen 4 CPUs + ARM based A16,A17  SD 8 Gen1/2/3/4, Mediatek 9000 etc ] are of 8 Cores. Then would you like to do 8 task at ONE TIME   like playing songs + playnig videogames + excel file work + whatsapp + instagram + facebook +  Twitter + waching youtube videos  AT THE SAME TIME.😅😅😅.   Evenif you can do these 8 things at the same time then YOU CAN USE  2 years old desktop CPU or smartphones as well. Don;'t speand you hard earned money for just comparing your gadgets with other. Because of all of you, APPLE like companies become 1 Tirillion $ comapnies and they are getting rich. NOT you.  USE MIND, SAVE YOUR MONEY so that you will have a backup for your future.    Thank you. 😇😇😇😇
I promise you for a fact any mobile phone chip cannot physically compete with a 150 watt direct powered CPU.  You really think thats going to stand up against an I9-13600k?  Apple making a product better than or close to apple processors is no great feat haha.
What about A4 and A5?
Ah the power of hindsight....they hit 108deg Celcius...they over heat..they thermal throttle...they don't really perform as well as a dedicated GPU and CPU combination...and they are basically over priced web browser machines that don't really web browse very well unless you use....surprise surprise safari   Didn't change squat  In fact just more of the same   Feel sorry for those who fell for the cool aide
Once you go apple you will never go back
Talk to ARM from back in 1985.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Incredible video coldfusion :]
While using the M Series chips, the most remarkable thing is how ordinary it is for being so revolutionary
Sorry, but the bit near the end really needed an edit pass after including that fact about the Japanese super computer.  If a world leading super computer is using ARM, that is literally as far from an unsophisticated low end consumer as I can imagine for a computer hardware product.
Why haven't you made a similar video on Qualcomm yet 🤔 😕
With the M1 Apple broke through the industry bullsh*t. Intel’s low-power chips struggled in HD playback and noticeably heated up doing video stuff that an iPhone had no problem with. And Windows PCs that went to ARM a few years prior were underpowered and actually more expensive than their equivalent Intel-based laptops.
Aw I guess you were wrong. Thats the problem with making hyperbolic shill videos.
Apple should make arm chip for steam deck
Intel tried with Atom but failed miserably
If we just accepted everything for how it is, no one would be unhappy with anything.. Its would be a boring world.
Nope dont usually use laptops too expensive and  closed arch blows compared to minipc which are a fraction of the laptop cost.
😂😂😂 X86 is a monster before Arm processor are you kidding baby X86 is rail ( unbeaten performance) Arm is a car ( fast, easy )   It doesn't mean x86 eternal even empires falled in the earth
So 2021 apple is 2015 android 😅
People may hate on Apple but it works so smoothly from IPad, IPhone and MacBook . When they sent the price too high I went  to Samsung but I missed the quality of Apple so I paid the premium and went back and I don’t have any regrets.
Apple started an  ARMs race.  🥁
Personally the deign of ARM chip is STILL a failure for Apple Silicon Mac's... Although Steve and his team may of been walking into a fog, you could also argue since ARM is retricted in so many ways and has not gone "global" (every PC has not got ARM), they are STILL walking into the fog bank.  However, true. it may not be a disaster.. but it does have limited scope still.. eg. Windows 10 ARM got pulled from beta testing because it was to buggy.. Windows 11 ARM is better, and at least better compatibility with it own translation layer (similar to Apple's Rosetta 2), but fact is, its not widespread adoption.. I just cannot see that happening at all.  On the other side, it you wanna talk about widespread adoption, the iPhone was a seller in 2007,, now everyone uses a smart phone... THAT is widespread adoption. Apple has its limited scope here with M1/M2 etc.. and the only ones happy about this are Apple users...  Hence, Intel shouldn't be worried at all.  The only thing going for this are performance and battery. That's all.Basically, if it was not for Rosetta 2 keeping x86 users happy on M1, Apple would sales..  It you need proof, look how many M1's/M2's are on the Refurbished store..  You can't say all those customers didn't know what they were buying.. No matter how good Apple reckons its new chip os, facts speak for themselves.
great video
2 years on and the industry doesn't seem all that changed.
MY PROPERTY 0:21
It's all a Manipulated monopoly in some areas of technological world
Transistors - another proven core technology developed over decades at great expense to the US public. The whole industry would be nowhere without it. This is why tax-dodging Apple needs to pay its taxes.
I was shocked to see how good Apple chips are. That's why I went searching for this video. Thank you
In desktop PCs, GPU does the 90%workload (CPU only 10% it mostly depends on what is working in the background) and processes while graphical applications running. These devices also work on more resolution and naturally draw more power, requiring more calculation. ( 3840 × 2160 4k PC monitor, for example) It's so normal that tiny screen, low-resolution smartphones give better results here because these are not working on the same level of power&process&computing. 16:09 So, the guy here is making a terrible comparison. He didn't even have a high-end Nvidia GPU on his PC (using AMD), yet he's claiming the mobile phone outperformed the desktop on the video rendering process.😂 Also he's doing that on a Mac computer. Every standard PC user uses Windows as an operating system, which is the only and the best option for gaming and video editing.
Maybe these chips could outpace Laptop CPUs in specific cases. But if we bring up desktop PCs to the comparison, it still has a very long way to go, especially if we are talking about gaming and video editing.
Didnt the narrator used to be black
Now after 2 years ARM chips can only handle Apps not big softwares 😂😂 ARM failed before and ARM failed again.. peoples need to understand ARM was designed for low power devices and tasks.. computers are last place you should think of putting ARM chips..
This didn't age all that well.  M1 hasn't been the revolutionary chip they made it out to be.
Great video! ASMR for our cat.🐈
Too much ads
yeah I will never change to apple, where 50% of your overpriced product is just the Apple name
They will truly change the industry if they actually sell it for OEMs. For now it's at best rushing competitors to produce more efficient chips. Apple clearly has good innovations but the the problem is again, Apple.
And today, M2 is smashed by intel 13900 laptop
I remember the days how Apple introduced iPhone and afterwards, annihilated and obliterated Nokia.  This could be the beginning of the end of Intel.
Apple is evil and are the whor/es of the industry. They continuously screw their customers by being greedy and removing essential inputs and options.
In short: New computers are faster than old ones.....
Great video, now I am running my Davinci on iPad
But nothing changed. Only dumbasses by Macs, always did.
Like for mentioning N64.
I had to delete a comment because I confuse the word I with that
Great video
ipad pro m2 is a manace tbh
Brilliant!
i use intel based cpu for gaming. Once Apple  silicon has support in AAA natively, well... Intel is just a legend.
You need to include the idiocy and research fraud that is the core of the Ridiculous Instruction Set Computer (RISC). "Prood by massive publication" only proves that CEOs do not read technical publications. And that popular magazines will publish articles with little or no fact-checking. The RISC fraud has cost the industry 100s of millions of dollars. Research on good architectures such as Direct Execution Stack-based designs stopped decades ago. The x86 is essentially the original von Newmann architecture with modern silicon. Look at the GreenArray GA-144 for a less obsolete design.  Also, try writing a program for "The Ultimate RISC Chip" from the ACM SIGArch. It takes about 377 instructions to do a 16-bit add. But it has an amazing clock speed. And every instruction completes in one clock cycle. RISC is about clock speeds, not actual computer performance.
Oh! Wow! Such innovation! Apple takes a standard phone chip and slightly improves the core. Then they step-and-repeating the core more times. And this is supposed to be great "engineering"? It just shows how bad the ARM design is (excluding the terrible management decision to use a Ridiculous Instruction Set Computer (RISC) in the first place!) Apple, after Wozniak left, is NOT innovative. Take the iPod. It is a Walkman with a Sharp HDD replacing the CD drive. The most innovative thing is putting an "i" in front of "Pod".
RISC
Imagine how disruptive it would be if Apple had made the RAM, GPU, and SSD's upgradable. They fell 30 years behind in that regard. This is the exact reason everyone hated Apple 30 years ago, when you couldn't give away Apple stock, but now they are big enough to go back to proprietary, no upgradability, and no repair. They took a massive leap backwards, and forward at the same time. The very thing that saved Apple back then was opening up to compatibility. There were even clones. Now they have abandoned or forgotten it.
Whats the point of making something not compatible with most software on the market? I work in the automotive industry. I could dual boot x86 for everything i needed with the old mac. these days 90 percent of my software does not work because it has virtualization checks in the licensing.
Architecture have a minor impact if any the major innovation comes from Taiwan a company called TSMC.
Man you make amazing videos
Is there a new video for M2 line up?  cant figure out what to buy anymore !
Well, now with the m2 chip out and the m3 is on its way, I think we can safely say, intel is doomed!
Shout out to the Intel Pentium 2 space suit mascots.
Windows users are always only interested in performance. They always forget about the experience. This video is wonderful. But it ends up giving credit to Apple, just for having studied the best solution for processing. But in fact this advance for the M1 was just one of the results of decades-long studies that take into account, in the first place, the SOFTWARE and USER EXPERIENCE.
I like iPhone but macs are really gay
apple wheels for $1k, has got to be the worst product apple has ever createad. they're just damn wheels for the apple case. WTF!!!???
The thing is that it’s economic growth in this century alone it has allowed companies as big as apple to evolve without being a monopoly which means we may see the benefits of huge companies without the monopolistic tendencies which slow innovation
APPLE IS A BUSINESS COMPANY BEWARE OF SSD DYING IN M1 MAC. I WOULD CHOOSE A LOWER PERFORMANCE AND DURABILITY THEN MY SSD DYING WITH M1 MAC. EVERYTHING IS SOLDERED, A SINGLE PROBLEM WOULD MAKE YOUR LAPTOP DEAD.
For a consumer chip apple silicon is wonderful. My M1 Pro macbook pro is my favorite laptop in a very very long time.
8:27 How did the chip run without power?
People who say M1/M2 chips struggle in performance clearly have never used them before. These chips indeed devours tasks, sips batteries, as Apple advertised.
Despite all this   IT CANT HANDLE VR GAMING
Apple is always changing the game .
I don't recall iPhones having replaceable batteries. And that set the trend of others doing the same.
M1 = SKYNET
I think that Intel has a problem also with the manufacture not just the instruction set architecture
iPhone changed the entire industry yes..  No point in jumping the gun here... Just because it happened before, doesn't mean its will always happen....  Companies can't be THAT lucky..  No one will buy Windows ARM in "businesses" because most people will need backwards compatibility..., M1 can only provide that now thanks to Rosetta 2 and MS can have their emulation as well, but what is an OS if 90% of the apps you use will always run under emulation ??? As a result their will be less apps because less developers will support native. Their will be a bigger loss on Microsoft than Apple, because their are much more Intel applications out there.  Apple has NOT changed the industry here. If any, they have limited themselves further.. When performnace comes in, go off and compare Intel, and say "Apple wins" BUT their is no competition..  Where Apple make up for performance (raw) than Intel will never be able to match (while keeping CPU cool). they don't HAVE to. Intel has a bigger advantage, that Apple can never match and that is backward compatibility.  It would be good for Microsoft apsp to go over to ARM, but i can't see it happening, unless everyting moves towards the cloud... which  I do expect more are willing to pay for subscriptions.
So two years after the video did pass and nothing did change in the industry. There were ARM-based tablets/notebooks before and will be after.
Thanks for doing this vid. Very interesting tech/history lesson.
I have M1 MacBook Pro, while my wife has an i7 one. The efficiency of M1 compared to i7 is just off the charts. Like 2 days minimum of day long work hours off the charts. And it also has performance as well. It's just magical
They: APP of Appliance Pointo Por unit request at marketeur shoppera. Or just numbers at sampled at downloads or uploads meana hashitzonen.
At a certainly moment, they forgot shammerlyarit to danish or rejokeur du vionlash and gried to getteur ticketos to celebrate and jokairsh ag part friendhshoppo visartiom. Sendeross they orderets to open projekto to closed trialleur du macos to sample jobus didonet
Wow, I finally  understand the evolution  what a great story
personally i think we just caught intel lackin, maybe x86 still has some merritto it, but intel cardinally won't be the ones developing it
Intel is just stupid these past 5 years.
And then the M2 shit itself
You remember that on the early to mid 90's journalists and digital design people just wanted Apple PowerPC's and Silicon Graphics Workstations?  Intel was stuck with a Pentium 60 with a bug and underpowered 486 DX2 and DX 4 chips for domestic segment and a humble Pentium pro 150 Mhz that cost the price of a small car, they all though that Power PC RISC processors would win the race, though Intel with Pentium 2 show them wrong, Intel will always get on top.
Amazing video Dagogo !
Android sucks
comparing intel to anthing at this point is just to be smiling 4 once xD intel just outta there minds with pricing and direction there heading in ^^ but in all honesty im glad that i now know the answers to the question that where on my mind 4 years, how there this powerful
Oh no sorry you're right
at 23:44 and the comparison it looks exactly like the opposite of the other
Acorn is not the inventor of the RISC (reduced instruction set chip)
I bought my x486 in the mid to late 90s
Well, give it a few more weeks until GPT5 comes out with a better architecture
I wonder if someone made a game console using the M1 or succeeding Apple CPU? Oh wait, no one can do that except Apple themselves
This channel has been consistently at the top of tech news for such a long time ! Cheers!
i'm blown away
with everything becoming more compact and small i wonder how cray you could get with something big like the size of a very old auper computer
Isn't the "no power connected to the chip" part literally impossible?
ARM - RISC IC BRITISH SILICON COMPUTER MICROPROCESSOR CHIPS DESIGNS ARE BETTER THAN THAT OF INTEL'S 5:21 to 7:15  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuF9weSkS68&t=19s American manufacturers cheated an unsuspecting public that everything is necessary when in fact it is not necessary at all to add all of those unnecessary and hardly used at all instructions and containing components!  8:25 to 11:21 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuF9weSkS68&t=19s Ironic that the British never tried to use the "Parallel Processing" computer architecture in it's motherboard to compensate for it's low power. If it did, it will the the British ARM-RISC Microprocessor Chip that would be dominant and not the CHEATING AMERICAN INTEL Chip! The Japanese technique of using simpler designs and larger size components and larger size silicon WAFERS and not chips is the key to the Japanese success in capturing the calculator market in the 1980s.
When you got the ipad with the m1 haha
AMD still has many tricks to keep competitive, stacked dies and v-cache, are just an example how flexible their new architecture will be. In my opinion M1 was a leap of faith which went out to be a success, but the performance increase between the M1 and the now new M2 chip is much lower compared to the Intel chips. Intel chips are so badly optimized for efficiency. And look where they are now, 300 - 400 Watt board power for the new 12000K series.
Intel was falling a sleep in the pas decade, now AMD and Apple woke it up. Intel should innovate the past 15 years, instead they bought companies after companies while still sitting on the same architecture with 4 cores.
Interesting story. Thank you. I would like to hear how AMD fits into this story as well.
What the video got wrong is that CISC wasn't intended to give the computer more features, it was intended to minimize the "semantic gap" between human programmers and assembly back when compiler optimization was primitive and it was assumed all complex programs and OSes would be written in assembly. Now that this isn't the case, those complex instructions just take a lot of time to decode to the operations the transistors implement. RISC also needs decoding but less.
JAK
Okay, you have some serious misconceptions about CISC vs RISC.  I'm going to assume that some of that is just dumbing it down to a presentable level, but some of it is just absolutely wrong.   Firstly, all 'modern' CPUs, whether RISC or CISC have the same sort of superscalar, pipelined core.  The only real difference is that CISC designs use efficient, high-density code that the decoder splits into RISC-like micro-ops that execute at full speed in a fully pipelined manner.  Secondly, a CISC design is usually dispatching and retiring several instructions per cycle.  That old "several cycles" nonsense old data from the 1980s before CISC chips were pipelined and such.  Thirdly, it's "1 BILLION CYCLES PER SECOND", no apostrophe.  One way to think of this is to visualize a modern CISC chip as being a RISC chip with a data compression engine added in front...like a turbocharger.  The reason why pure-RISC designs infected things like smartphones is because the decoder is a heavy chunk of silicon that guzzles electricity, and 'guzzling electricity' doesn't mix well with 'tiny batteries' for what I hope are very effing obvious reasons.  The relative lack of performance isn't a hindrance there.   Well, that, and x86 was actually the second worst CISC design ever.  AMD64/x86-64 helps clear up a lot of the x86 issues, although they have gone a bit bonkers on obscure and semi-useless instructions.
I guess it is just a matter of time until the Windows-world will also have ARM-offerings. Sounds promising. And, can you even begin to imagine, how much energy might be saved, if computers only needed a few percent of the power they currently do?
Your comparing new MacBook with old desktop tech instead of new Intel i9 and GPU.
the problem is APPLE NEVER WANTS USER UPGRADABLE OPTIONS. what happens if onboard storage corrupted... ?
X86 is very old so we can assume that the ARM architecture may live long to be dethroned just like X86… I wonder what will come after ARM?
I went into deep sleep while watching this video and when someone woke me up i thought the day just started and i am at college, but it's afternoon and we are leaving
Just what we need, apple controlling even more hardware.
welcome to the post x86 era …
i really do hope that x86 became obsolète so that more and more developers can fucus on their projects on ARM chips especially on laptop & desktop environment.
I remember my school having an Acorn Archimedes. It had the best port of Lemmings I ever played. DOUBLEDUCK was the password for the Acorn forest level lol.
Before, tutorials had white cursors with black outlines and instructions for Windows. Now, they have black cursors with white outlines and instructions for macOS. Very strange…
The key reason is that Apple's MacBook is more closed, while Windows laptops are more open. A simple comparison shows that the molds, systems and chips of Apple's MacBook are designed by Apple itself, and the supply chain of production and manufacturing is also found by Apple itself. Apple's own design is followed from head to toe. Windows notebooks are different. The mold is made by ODM factory, the brand is adjusted according to needs, the system is made by Microsoft, and the chip is divided by Intel, AMD and NVIDIA. At least six companies need various negotiations and contacts to complete a laptop. On the one hand, "one company has the dictatorship", and on the other hand, "a bunch of companies work together". Even though the chip energy consumption ratio is higher and the system optimization is better, "authoritarian closed enterprises" are stronger than "collaborative open cooperation", and the efficiency of energy consumption optimization is not in the same dimension Objectively speaking, although the Windows notebook battery life may never catch up with Apple's MacBook, the battery life also has a "marginal effect".
That speed only happens on brand new gadgets. After 3 years, your system will eventually slow down because apple gradually makes your system obsolete every update.
Its the future, I say this with confidence. Especially now we've got the M2 chip. I can't wait to see the day we get native chips from AMD and Intel which are ARM based, perhaps even custom chips direct from Microsoft and other companies who have also licensed from ARM.
Mobile phones now have the power and specs a decent laptop had a few years ago
24:59 That can't be relaxing out there in nature where you should be chilling and soaking up what's around you appreciating the beauty of the Earth around you with a friggin laptop on top of you! It's no wonder how more and more of today's generation have issues with anxiety and complain about everything under the sun. You are not relaxed at all. Your minds are always into overdrive. There are better ways to escape from all this. It's enough that people are not even spending quality time with their Families, Spouses or even Friends because of what is in their hands or on their laps just about the entire day and at times even throughout the evening.   Just saying✌ 😁
ARM hasn't been much favourite for server or enterprise architecture. Maybe with it's RISC set, it gets fast and all in some consumer applications, but I am not sure how it might stack up to classes of instruction sets on the x86s. Maybe there's a full overhaul of x86 based systems but it wouldn't happen in a day. Why doesn't apple make servers?
Not sure they can say that very little runs on the M1 chips. They need to wait for people to move over to coding for it.
the clip  on the phone is not as the same on the desktop try the both videos on a big screen tv and you wil see teh difference. THIS IS JUST MARKETING
2 years ago: ColdFusion: How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry (M1 Chip) ColdFusion: Intel - From Inventors of the CPU to Laughing Stock (Part 1)  ColdFusion: Intel - From Inventors of the CPU to Laughing Stock (Part 2)  2 years later.... nothing has changed and in many ways, quite the opposite.   In 2015, I finally moved on to a new motherboard from one I owned for over 10 years. Now 7 years later, I decided to move on again but I really didn't need to. That's 2 motherboards in almost 20 years. Apple doesn't understand this aspect of the PC industry.   They treat their products like cars and want you buying a new model each year that's identical to the last 5. The only difference is they switch from sharp corners to rounded and claim it's revolutionary new design every other year.
They didn't change anything, try run solid works on ARM
I used to view the Discovery Channel and such a lot. Then no more Dish and such. Due to COVID I rediscovered YouTube. There are so many channels, programs, shows, and documentaries on YouTube. I don't know how such great programs can be produced to view without being connected to the big cords. How nice!
So cool
I'm waiting for the Apple/ARM version of the Atrix. Your computer is in your pocket. Plug it up to a display and a keyboard to get some work done. As an engineer on a team with the word "performance" in the title, I wouldn't have thought that was possible a few years ago.
Retrospective: How Apple changed nothing?   Yes, they did not. Nothing has really changed, has it? Gotta love these clickbait titles, good job ColdFusion! Keeping it up today in 2023 as well. :D
It has been two years and people are still building x86 pcs and buying Intel AMD laptops. Apple did it again , all this was marketing hype… apple fanboys are living in their own bubble. The biggest issue with the apple M1 is that there is no path for upgradability. My current desktop has served for more than 7 years with a GPU upgrade in between.
If they small then put 2 in one laptop
Whoever apple chooses to outsource manufacturing to, better be careful as Americans will accuse you of stealing American technology.
Did they change the industry? Still waiting for it.
Big implications for everything. I'm thinking space exploration especially. Power savings goes big.
Thank you for an amzing video. Really interesting.
This video is a little misleading in that you make it seem like x86 dominated for no reason whatsoever. Just a decade or two ago memory was SUPER expensive. It was rare for a desktop to even have 512MB of RAM back in the early-2000s, and RISC is just less memory efficient. CISC/x86 made more sense back then, because RAM was just so limited and expensive to not warrant using RISC.
Thats like the murderer attending their victims funeral. Apple is the reason intel died, or near-fatally injuried
i have a feeling that this video might be a propaganda for apple
Whatever
As I would like to see ARM more common in PC world, It also kinda scares me, because ARM devices seem kinda unable to upgrade, with their built-in to  motherboard, stroage and memory.
CCP slave labor is how.  The virtue signaling Apple fanboys can only ignore facts for so long.
being an M1 user, I can testify that apps that are nout built to work on M1 , have really bad time, Webstorm for example.
20:47 Why would anyone "game" at 2560x1600 ? Makes the argument look better i guess.
Apple changed the world with iPhone, and now this.. Its getting boring... Surly, other companies can beat Apple no? But if not that, 'gaps. that expose in Apple, like non-repairable devices, "maintain" peak speeds with a fan etc... and most importantly "sticking with Intel, and maintaining backwards compatibility".. This last point is gonna hurt Apple bad. and just illustrate one thing..  The grass is not always greener on the other side.  RAW performance may look better, but who's gonna use if the apps are not there? As Apple is finding out the hard way...  Many competitors like VMWare have chosen NOT to do ESXi on M1 natively due to "lack of competition"  How many others will think the same ?  And we call this good? This is why I'm waiting for Rosetta 2 to end.. then will see how many developers made it,.. and how many didn't.. as a "true number"  I'm not putting the M1 is bad, but its not without its consequences. And those consequences are gonna cost Apple big..  Most Macs I see on the Refurbished Store now are M1's. If these beats were soo good, why did they get returned??
what industry are they changing, just make less people wanna buy mac with that extra layer of incompatibility  for those who argues for professional, u can only really use those niche professional softwares  otherwise, for example, in class, my classmates couldnt use the software the teacher is using to teach, and she isnt even tech savvy, she bought the brand for heavy price and only got an expensive pdf viewer. she had a hard time trying to complete her assignment, and she needed to buy another laptop that uses x86 cpu and windows  and during the whole degree, we will have a whole plethora of different cad and simulation softwares, mac cant run most of these because these are almost all built only for windows and x86 cpu, and being non tech savvy means ur brain will probably explode instead of trying to find substitute mac softwares (first is she just dont know what is what, second is the softwares will be completely different and may lack functionality, third is she wont be able to follow class instructions)  m1 chip needed an extra translation layer which could easily cause glitch, and u need 2 emulation software, before u only needed 1. if u say u only need 1, then that is probably some expensive paid software, need to remember that most emulation software or the most popular and good ones on mac costs money. the hardware alone isnt enough, the software continues to suck u dry of money, with that amount of money, u could easily buy a better spec laptop that can actually play contemporary AAA games.  seriously, she bought mac air with m1 chip and 8gb ram, it costed more than some gaming laptop with 12gen i7, 3060, 16gb ram, what s worse is she said she had to fix broken screen which itself would cost a desktop rtx2060. wanna know worse? she cant upgrade that ram manually  if u arent tech savvy then probably avoid mac completely, even if u are, apple locks everything down so yeah, use the paywall if u want mac is simply dumb people tax, if u r a professional, just buy a workstation tier laptop from other brand when the whole world and the school is using x86 and windows, dont try to be special, u will be alienated
NOT BAD VIDEO BUT A LITTLE TOO ENTHUSIASTIC. ENYOY THE TECHNOLOGY …YOU FORGOT MY FRIEND THAT ALL THIS COMPETITION AND WAR BETWEEN INTEL APPLE AND SO ON HAS A COMMON DENOMINATOR : MONEY……WHATEVER TECHNOLOGY THE FUTURE BRINGS IN NOT GOING TO BE CHEAP …I DO NOT CARE WHERE MY MONEY WILL GO IF ITS APPLE OR SOMEONE ELSE. YOU CAN SEE AS THOSE WHO HOLD THE MONOPOLY OF PRODUCTION ARE THOSE WHO PROFIT MORE FINANCIALLY. EXAMPLE APPLE WHO SAILS AT SHAMEFUL PRICES RAM AND STORAGE ON THIER MACHINES WHO ARE NOT UPGRADEABLE. THATS WHAT FUTURE BRINGS. SO ENJOY WHAT ? HUGE PRICES BY THE WINNERS OF THE NEWEST TECHNOLOGY……
Big deal.  they didn't innovate anything, they just switched suppliers.
And 2 years later I'm on a now year old MacBook Pro with m1 pro chip, and with apple's help on Blender taking advantage of the gpu component, I could literally render on the go, on battery power.
Can’t wait for antigravity MacBooks 😆
First Vaporware product
lots of noise,
I love Apple!
It's great! Apple can spend this much on r&d, but it's incredibly sad. They hand these leaps of technology off from the architecture team to the product design team who butcher it and under clock it because they refuse to give it proper Thermals just so the laptops thinner.
Before the m1, I used to enjoy all the videos mocking apple's laptops and their inability to keep them cool. Now.. I am enjoying my m1 very much, gaming still sucks but everyday work has been amazing
Just to address the statement if programs not targeting a specific CPU.  This statement are at best, misleading.  Programs today are all compiled from a high level language, some may includes small portions of hand written assembly code, but the the job of targeting specific falls to the compilers optimization fases.  Hence, the targeting in the actual program is not in the source code, but in the compilers backend which are independent of programs being generated. Yes the way you code things in high level languages makes impacts on the performance of the program, but it is more a problem of fitting representation of the programs abstraction well with the languages abstraction. The compiler will generate equivalent performance instruction sequences (they do the same computation) and going from a Cisc to a risc CPU should be way easier in terms of instruction selection strategies, since all Cisc instruction can be simulated by one or more risc instructions.. as long as the compilers selection strategy are good enough it only comes down the raw performance difference in the chips..and the set of instructions are smaller than that of a cisc
People don’t hate Apple, they hate apple fanboys. Apple usually is late to innovate and plays safe but when they do Apple fanboys come along saying Apple invented this or that. I mean even in this case Arm based computers have been around since forever and Microsoft even made the surface pro X before apple made its M1 mac.
This is a great video! I enjoyed it very much!
Fair enough
As someone who only buys apple products it’s always amazing to me how people who don’t buy or use apple products love to fall over themselves to tell me I’m wrong and how much apple sucks. Where as I couldn’t care less what products they use. I’ve never had a single issue with an apple product and it’s for that reason among others that I’m happy to pay the premium.
You can hate Apple all you want but they still have the ultimate UNIX OS, there's nothing better currently available.
the unfixable device, this is sofware engineer dream, and hardware engineer nightmare to fix.
The one thing about Apple is that they are never afraid to step into the unknown to try out new things/technologies and then moving forward while leaving others behind.
Russian IC military chips can put 20 billion, 408 million, and 065,310 transistors in a single 1 square centimeter silicon chip or silicon die at 60 nanometers "for military applications" only. That's 4 billion, 408 million, and 065,310 transistors more than Apples M1 Chip. 60 nanometers is necessary for the high g forces, rapid acceleration spikes, vibrations, shocks, thermal stresses, etc encountered by our missiles and military aircrafts and military spacecrafts. By the way, they use diamonds, not silicon, as the main material and uses maskless laser guided ion beam lithography since the late 1980s and this key strategic research was quietly kept alive by the KGB-GRU FSB Russian Intelligence Security Agency all that time. Mass production of all mass production of the required number of manufacturing industrial factory facilities in small scale form. As opposed to TSMC and SAMSUNG giant factories. The Russians decided to go along the way of the Japanese style of small factories supporting each other. This way everything is mass producible and easily scalable. Because of this approach the Russians were able to place all of their parallel factories underground at a depth of 1,000 to 1,200 meters below the surface of solid rock.
When I had a Windows phone (at the start with Nokia) I saw that Microsoft was putting computer before phone functions.
Apple laptops are incredibly over priced though. For half the price of a macbook pro you can get a more powerful Windows laptop.
Great video!  Thank you!
Apple is headed … check the patents … to where the desk top will be a giant iPad
Most of the OS is shared between all the Apple products… IOS, MacOS etc… share common code and just the input output devices … keyboard, display, mouse/touchscreen…
Manufactures can license the arm library and customize their own CPU design…
Even the might IBM mainframe is a emulator… currently using power PCs and micro code that implements the z architecture and p architecture…
Apples have gone from Motorola to Intel to Arm with very little impact to the customer because of simulation of the retiring architecture…
Silly boy… the Intel CPUs are a risc processor with a x86 nano code…
"ARM can have a place in laptop and desktop space" Why stop there? What about server space? You already mentioned super computer. Is server space not a valid space?
Seriously? You're talking about x86 instructions at 2:20 then at 2:27 you show Apple Ad of some family taking out a PowerPC based Macintosh. I want to say *crap* but maybe you don't pay the intern editing this
Awesome vid. Kudos! 👏🏻
Here we are 2 years later and the M1 chip is total garbage! Slooooow!
I haven't tried the M1 yet but historically at least up to this point Mac performance has been horrible compared to Windows machines!  You would have to spend about 3X money on a Mac over a windows machine to get equivalent performance.  I am a mobile developer and a big fan of Apple  iOS devices, just not their laptops.  iOS have adequate performance, but still leave much to be desired performance wise.  Will the M1 change all this, or is this just more Apple fanboy marketing?  Great battery life?  OK, thats important, but not at the expense of performance.  And MAC OS is not the best OS performance wise.  Too much focus on form over function / performance / usability.
Apple technology is greatly reliable 👍
Watching this on my 16 inch m1 2 years later still watching intel get trampled.  They still haven’t learned this lesson and are just putting power hungry, heat producing beasts in their laptops that look good on paper but really undermine the point of a laptop.  in reality this will just make a laptop useless when the battery dies quick and you have a noisy fan going and system that can only outperform the M1 when plugged in, and when it doesn’t throttle..  Apples already dominating the casual user/student market with the air; and many professions and editors with the pro. All they need to do is up their game on gpu power and gaming and that would see huge swatches switch over.
I've been a hard windows & android user because I don't like how Apple controls the experience but after trying over and over again to find a good windows laptop I eventually gave up and bought the MacBook Air m2. its the absolute best computer I've ever used! It's out of its league. It's like it's not even using power to function. For this session I've used it for maybe 2 hours and I've only lost 5% battery lol.
Apple bought the company that was doing it. It is UK compamy.
A UK business designs the chips. It was building iphone chips and now the pc as well. Apple bought it.
Got the M1 pro and really happy even gaming works great now and was not possible on my last MacBook or Mac mini
I love Apple and how they’re always innovating.
6:21 Gary Kildall.  The TRUE father of the PC architecture.  Inventor of PC BIOS, and Inventor of the first PC operating system, amongst other firsts..
Good informative video. Apple is usually the trend setter. Maybe in the next 15-20 years, more consumer electronics companies will start manufacturing their own chips rather than contracting out to AMD and Intel.
This sounds like an Apple Advertisement.
When can we play Flight Simulator on Apple Silicon ? ( I am typing this comment on Apple Silicon. )
I just hope that arm doesn't become a complete soc for consumers
Why does anyone trust Apple?
Well made content. Thanks for making this
tsmc lets sell to apple same chip with new name 😂😂😂😂😂 every chip tsmc mads overheating 😂😂😂😂😂
Tsmc products selling like apple products 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
i laugh so hard on stupid apple customers who buy same chinese phone with new name apple sucks 😂
I see only one problem: with silicon, we can only reach 1nm -ish size transistors. And we're very close, like a couple years from it. Then, it'll be a plateau for many years, till we find new materials or technology to replace silicon.
It changed dog shit, what an laughable tittle.
epic deep lore
well documented
ARM, not apple, ARM!
14:48 passed
I have built worlds first custom FANLEES  PC with intel 4790K CPU which is fastest consumer grade desktop CPU  with samsung m.2 NGFF SSD.  You will be blown away with the performance. Intel system is bad if you don't really know what are you talking about.
I just feel weird less least I created memory but unP?
HAhahahahaahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahaaaaa
23:11 - All dramatic performance improvements are due to changes in architecture.
13:30 - PA-Semi used a PowerPC instruction set, but had a sophisticated power management system (like 5 different power supplies). The embedded computing market, expecially defense, was going over big for switching from PowerPC to PA-Semi. And then Apple happened, and several embedded computing companies died as a result.
5:50 - RISC - Real Important Stuff in Compilers (a phrase coined by a compiler engineer)...
Programmer of many years here, this is bull.... Apple hasn't changed the industry. It has grown the CONSUMER base of computers to include soccer moms, and other non-technical people.
Compatibility: to be fair, there are _some_ apps that have trouble running on M1. But their number is very limited and it's very specialized software (e.g. some images for docker)
You gotta admit it (even haters) that Apple are the top dog / cat of the technical and smart mobile / tech business; Steve Jobs was a pioneer.
lol, some serious apple d*ck sucking going on here.
I mean yes, more competition helps. But wouldn't it be great if humanity managed to work towards goals without competition? I mean, if Apple would just offer their chips to other companies, we would benefit a lot more, because our Laptop could be both repairable and fast.
ARM doesn't make chips. They only license the design.  6:20 - Gary Kildall, founder and CEO of Digital Research. The company that dropped the ball when IBM approached them to license Digital Research's CP/M operating system (OS) to run on IBMs future IBM PC. Bill Gates picked up that fumble, and the IBM PC used PC-DOS (same as MS-DOS), and that positioned Microsoft to become the giant, it is now, and Digital Research into a footnote.  You have the 8086, the 80186 (only used in Radio Shack's 1st Laptop), the 80286, the 80386, and the 80486. But next step was the PENTIUM. That's because when they added 100 to 486 they didn't get 586. The Pentium had a defect in its math coprocessor. Actually in the division function. An old joke goes, "intel inside, and still can't divide". It was fixed, but the jokes stuck.
@18:02 you're misleading us with the headline "intel don't want to talk about benchmarks." It has nothing to do with ARM. AMD were outperforming intels CPU's
Very late to the party.  Only found this channel a month ago.  Such great work. I’ve almost finished all content and look forward to what’s coming next.  Amazing channel, describing amazing people and events.
Apple really does it well with digital electronics
remember the M1 is an SOC, cannot change or upgrade. If you find you need more RAM or storage, you are stuck, you need to buy a whole new Mac again.  Desktop users always want to change and upgrade components. M1 cannot compete with desktop because is a mobile chip for the mobile market. If it is an ARM based CPU only then it could compete with the desktop.  Plus there is something wrong with claim M1 Pro or Max faster than Nvidia. M1 Pro is only 5.2 Tflops, gtx3060 is 12.74Tflops. Apples claims M1 Max is 4x M1 and M1 is a bit faster than 1050ti. 3060ti is 16.2Tflops which is way more than 4 x M1
"How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry"  Except they didnt.
Great vid! This is going to be important to get close to what amd or intel are doing but are a farcry from the new as of this comment. I'm using the R9 5950x 16 core 32 thread Amd cpu with Nvidia RTX 4090 gpu. Simply put the capability of this combo is better at data(ai/rendering) cabablities then the an arm chip. Now that Nvidia owns arm who knows what may come. Its and exciting time with what you can do from you home computer.
Intel is gonna be the nokia of processors
This video is so great and detailed. Thank you so much! :) Great value!
By the way, Manjaro flies in x86... maybe it had something to do with the Bits and not the silicon so much...
8:30 Electroboom!!! someone is endorsing free energy!!!!
it is quite impressive, however, when it comes to heavy crunching gpus are still the way to go. more and more software is adapting gpu rendering, speeding up workflow tremendously. for low power applications arm is great nevertheless.
Apple's main strength is bribing the *press*. we all know western media (press) is a *whore*, and apple is a *very good* paymaster. (with a whip)
Entire industry?? What changed?? Still other pcs running on x86. Intel and amd still leading the market.
Test
It seems that Intel CPUs have reached their speed limit. Instead of getting faster, they're just adding more and more parallel cores now. About 4GHZ - 5GHZ seems to be a dead end.
Though I retired from the semiconductor industry 20 years ago, I still follow the technology and when I first got my hands on an M1 white paper, I must admit I didn't believe Apple could pull it off. Kudos to the ASIC Engineers who did this...absolutely unbelievable!!!
I have a problem buying products from a company that supports Communism!
False! I have both Pc and Apple M1 chip, the Pc is way better than the Apple M1. Also, Apple Pc dont last long, just ask any repair services, and also, apple rarely fix their laptop, they would rather told you to buy a brand new laptop or buy the part.
The m1 is a POS. Overpriced and underperforms.
Realistically Mac os on arm is not real time.
I used to be the very best hardcore Apple user, then afer the iphone 6 got me not so much, but I always thought that the M1 benefits all of us, apple users and non apple users. Intel just had way to much power overall
Apple is doing it right, works too well compared to other devices, all people can use the phone, and charger. Other manufacturers don’t allow the user to use their devices for everything, they easily get to blacklist, they will malfunction. Apple should allow more games for their phones.
As a scientist watching a video is not enough. One needs to prove it.    This video is not  entirely true. It is biased towards Apple.   I tried running 2 Java web servers on a brand new M1 Mac Book Pro 2021 16GB RAM  and the laptop froze with a message "Running out of Application Memory". My 2014 Intel 2x Xenon desktop did not even feel it when running 3 servers running the same program.  Of course spending a lot more power but suitable for professional use. Apple M1 chip is not suitable for Java software development, for example. I doubt that for  .NET M1 would be the right choice of processor. Maybe for JS if not trying to develop running a dozen Node JS  servers spinning  in micro service architecture, as used by banks like Lloyds either .
also not an apple fan, intel on macs is a tragedy
those mac youtube channels always compare some m1 chip with an intel. i would like to see comparisons vs amd. Intel stagnated a lot past 10 years
arm chips are the best but Apple's extremely restraining software is exactly the reason why I would always prefer Intel and Android instead of Arm and IOS. Great video btw.
This seems to be a trend from intel's side... no vision, future thinking or a forward mindset. I remember watching the defiant ones and intel told Record Exec Jimmy Iovine something similar, nevertheless Jimmy hooked up with Apple, Job's and Tim Cook and now Apple has got Beats which served as a them very well in setting up Apple Music and the AirPods tech. it's sad really when you think about it.
Not everyone hates Apple these days.
A bit bizarre, CISC was for which consumer?
Nice
This narrator sounds like a "spa" movie intro where everyone ends up dead.
Most investors do not understand Apple's financial, marketing and technology strengths. By investigating deeper into Apple, one will be amazed by how professional they are. A company with an abundance of cash on hand can surely create miracles! Apple is also very fortunate to have Tim as their CEO cause I really can't think who could be a better replacement!
First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win. - Gandhi Looks like it applies on Intel vs apple M1 story.
because android is hot garbage, google isnt any better than apple on any front. (and vise versa)
What went wrong with apple you want to know  they ensured  everything  in place including  was 3 or 2 but when comes to user experience  I prefer samsung  over apple  even I have to pay higher price
And 3 nm production lines are in the process of being tuned up.
so 2 years later, industry still unchanged...
Doesnt matter how fast your chip is If its incompatible iwht Adobe software it's trash to me. 2 years later. Still waiting for them to figure out the bugs.
ARM processors are only more power efficient than X86 processors, but in all other terms they fail miserably.  A Arm processor without multi media extensions like NEON would take forever to encode a video or sound file, while a X86 processor would be able to do so in very little time. The fact of the matter remains, ARM is meant for low power uses like tablets, phones and fridges, whereas the worlds computing needs are powered by X86. Although there has been attempts to use X86 in phones (Asus Zenfone 2 with a Intel Atom Processor), not much has come from it. Although X86 enjoys a much smaller market than ARM, it is still a much better architecture than ARM since there are vastly more tool chains and programming languages available for it, and the most popular desktop operating systems (Windows and Linux) run on ARM without issues. But the one thing that ARM has that X86 will probably never have, is the ability to embed the processor and then use planned obsolesce to convince a user to replace it. X86 systems have gene rally been upgradable (with the exception of some really cheap systems) whereas almost no ARM system has ever been upgradable. The push that ARM is making, is one of replacement instead of upgrade, and this is the worst enemy humanity is facing. Technologies that are so easily replaced, often end up on land fills, destroying the environment, whereas upgradable technologies have the ability to live for decades.
Ohh look, 2 years later and AMD and Intel have now surpassed the fastest Apple CPU in performance and have similar efficiency!
M1 is completely useless until they at least double the amount of ram
They haven't changed the industry ME is only for apple . Even though it's based on ARM, they won't licence it to anybody that company is greedy. Windows is given to every manufacture, android same iOS? Hell no only for apple. That company is greedy
Can you make a video of what would happen if AMD and Intel also moved to ARM, or if it is even possible?
worlds gettting shittier, apple is not the answer.
the problem is now they software kneecap ther devices after sale, like the iphone 13 mini camera got dumb after IOS 15.5, can not focus now properly. So Apple can claim the macro feature for their PRO phones being unique. While my old SE still can do close ups without focus issues as it has only 15.4 and 1 camera...
Assuming you can trust those "benchmarks" or anything that comes from that rotten corporation.
Your logic is flawed when it comes to tech projection. Phone technology improves desktop computer technology and vice versa. There will always be a performance gap because what is a phone other than a PC that fits in your pocket. Or you can look at it a different way: a desktop PC is just a phone with looser power and space restrictions. Kinda makes the title of this video sound a little dumb.
There are also the DSP families.
My first project, as engineer, included a 8080- software and hardware design. Swr on MDS. It was a success. Since then I have a fondness for Intel.  I wish them a great success!
What an awesome channel ... ! 😎
Go to Linus tech tips and see how the M1 does with gaming on laptops.
I had never taken the time to understand the hype behind the M1 chip, until today. Thank for this well done exposition.   You mentioned, at the end, that it could lead to cheaper machines. I hope it does.
Is battery gate live and well? My iPhone 6 after doing the discounted battery replacement, still runs just as slow... Only now it doesn't shut itself down at 30%soc. But still too slow to even keep as a second travel phone...
Having an M1 chip in my iPad makes it feel like an unnecessarily powerful hotrod. It’s unbelievably fast.
Covax coalition
amazing. LOVE your videos!   info-tainment, info-porn quality
m1 is just a magic
Some folks have a way with the Words... And for me it is not one but three of such voices on YouTube I can listen to all day along...   Cold Fusion  Watchmaker & Co.   Skyshipa eng
Im still using my Mac Mini M1 Chip and its powerful enough to edit 4k wedding videos as of Nov 18 2022. i wanted to upgrade to the M2 chip but i see no need as the M1 is buttery smooth. SPECS: Mac Mini M1, 16GB Ram, 500GB Internal Storage, attached with a  Samsung 1TB T7 Ext SSD.
I will say this for Intel.  I still have a 2nd gen i7 in my gaming PC that I bought in 2010 or 2011.  It’s starting to struggle these days, but for general use and games, not running at ultra settings obviously, it still works well enough that I’m not bothered at all.  I’m honest to god impressed with its longevity.  I expected to replace it a long time ago.
In Your voice the 'ss' sound is very  itchy 😵‍💫 tough an informative video i cant make it to the last
What Apple changed? ARM processors were here years ago...
Imagine someone would put arm chip on a desktop...first thing to go out would be that crap power supply..it size would decrease so much,,,,next my fans are going out,,,next gpu ,,,,,
Maybe you should redo this video and title it "How Apple Fooled Internet Simps"
stop the background music
BS.  TSMC( an Asian American who can get job in US) changed entire industry.
We live in a mobile and on the go world.  Comparing desktops to mobile is pointless,  mobile is the new version of desktop
i laugh so hard on stupid apple customers who buy same chinese phone with new name apple sucks 😂
this is just breath-takingly beautiful. I love the breakdown and story telling.
That's crazy that my iPhone is more powerful than a core i9.
Cool cool cool, still not using iOS though
🤔 Not made by Samsung  Now the most advanced chips 4nm3nm are made by TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company)  Apple A16 & M2 too
8:25 to 11:21 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuF9weSkS68&t=19s Ironic that the British never tried to use the "Parallel Processing" computer architecture in it's motherboard to compensate for it's low power. If it did, it will the the British ARM-RISC Microprocessor Chip that would be dominant and not the CHEATING AMERICAN INTEL Chip! The Japanese technique of using simpler designs and larger size components and larger size silicon WAFERS and not chips is the key to the Japanese success in capturing the calculator market in the 1980s.
What about the other arm chips? I'm talking abou snapdragon, exynos, or mediatek. Those also use the arm architecture (notably the snapdragon 8 gen 1 uses arm9), they they are nowere as fast and efficient as Apple's chiips. Is there a reason why?
Still got a crummy keyboard
13:41 Not sure if this was an error, but wasn’t it 2010 with the introduction of the A4 processor when Apple made their own custom processor. 14:22 And the first ARM 64 bit processors came to Android around early 2015 - it was the Snapdragon 610 and 710. For Samsung, their first 64 bit phone was the Galaxy Note 4 and Note Edge using the Exynos 7 in late 2014. Not the Galaxy S4.
M1 is just Snap Dragon with style
All they did was create a beefy arm chip with decent amounts of cores, gpu and an honestly impressive AI backing.  They made an ARM SoC.  The video stated early on: ARM is a simpler design which is where it gets its efficiency. This simpler design comes with a lot less features and dedicated throughput of what used to be ASICs (which fits the apple motto of dongle death well) and bridges the motherboard supplied in the 90s and early 2000s.   Once you start adding those feature sets (as ARM is beginning to trend) and capabilities like 16 direct to CPU PCIe lanes allowing more than 1gb/s transfer while barely tugging the system - all its going to be is same situation different instruction set.  Basically Apple found a way to go back to the Motorola chip days where they no longer have to support a hell of the possibility of installing their divinity on the savage amd64 core
I wish there were more native AAA games on mac... games are the only reason I'm sticking to PCs.
After being in the information technology industry for about 35 years or so we've gone past caring about technology advancements.  After mastering Brian Ahern's The WILD Way to Lucid Dreaming we have realized all information exists in all humans at the quantum level and instead of attempting to do something silly such as figure out how to make a new M1 chip you should read Brian's new book and learn how to become full quantum.
Well, simly because TSMC's lithography lead over Intel.
Since MMX we had RISC portions in our processors. Apple simply expanded the concept.
There's no question that Apple has been an innovative company from the start.  The only problem I have ever had (and continue to have) with Apple is that they not only innovate in the field of improving technology, but also on how to use that technology to monopolize EVERYTHING.  When they first started with the iphone they didn't offer any apps other than the ones already on the phone itself...Then came Cydia and Apple had to create the App Store.  Great! a win for developers and consumers.  What did they do then?  They started bullying developers into ridiculous fees to list apps.  Mind you by this time they already had 50 billion in the bank.  Apple started charging ludicrous "repair" prices...and I put repair in quotes because the prices were SO HIGH so you would just figure it was cheaper to buy another one of whatever it was you had.  People started figuring out how to repair iphones so they wouldn't have to pay these ridiculous fees and what does Apple do with their ability to control the hardware and software?  They made it impossible to repair their devices outside of their own shops...Why?  Did that bring any functionality? No.  It just keeps people from having control of their own devices...the ones they pay thousands of dollars for.  So, their ARM chips are faster than other CPUs...There's no question about that.  But I will NEVER...EVER...EVER...EVER give Apple one more dollar, until they crash and burn as all bullies do who think they're just too big to fall (see: Blockbuster, Sears, Intel, etc.).  Maybe when that toxic culture of "money and control over everything" subsides will I think about buying another one of their products.  I know that inevitably there will be the fanboys who say that I'm being spiteful because I won't buy a product that might be better than the one I do buy.  If you are one of those fanboys...look in the mirror and ask yourself why you bought crappy, slow Apple products for all those years when other technology was better?  You did it because you wanted the 'status' of the little fruit on your laptop or phone or whatever.  I choose not to buy it even if and when it becomes the best for a better reason: because I will not feed the troll with my dollars.  Even if I have to be the last one in the world not doing it.
Great Video !!!!
This is what happens when you a) rest on your laurels and your reputation. AMD and ARM have taken over. Reminds me of IBM and HP's terrible historic decisions!
8:20 😮
Apple didn't do shit. stop paying attention to them.
M1 Macs my first Apple computers after decades on team windows.  Try switching to Macbooks, you won't regret it.
apple is diffrent, apple so bigest and No.1
Excellent Story. Loved it.
Some of us non hipster douchebags enjoy our hotrods instead of a Prius. Just as we enjoy our hot as hell, inefficient PC's with big ass fans and POWER.
Apple really is making our lives easier day by day. They gave us Macintosh, Ipod, iPhone, Airpods, Apple Pay, Apple Watch, Home Kit (Smart Home) and now the M1 Apple Chip.
I can test this. I got a new intel machine and the temp runs upwards of 80 C just for running chrome or basic things. The sad part is, I have 2in1 and when I turn into tablet mode, it is hard to hold in hand. feels like I should have gone for MacBook pro.
I ate a brownie once
Apple's success is built in the backs of slave labor and environmental destruction and consumer deception and cover ups. This is the key to their success. Apple is rotten to the core no matter what they produce or how much revenue they generate the world doesn't need Apple they need companies that put people and the environment first. Don't support the rotten Apple 🍎.
So Microsoft have been using ARM CPUs in their Windows laptops, like  Acer Spin and HP Elite for years, but I guess they failed to properly take advantage of the architecture. Apple is definitely going to be the CPU king from now on unless Intel or AMD have some secret project their working on.
and now we have m1max and m2... :D
First both sides need to sell the more. powerful chips, not just Apple for crazy prices - as in we need to see this on the shelf at the store, not just for DIY people.  Tired of "pentium, celeron" being pushed as all we need.  Tired of "all you need is a laptop w/battery" scenario too.  Second, software needs to catch up.
The zero day chip
One thing not explained and shown was WHAT BITRATE WAS THE IPHONE APP CREATING @4k?  And what aize the overall coverted 4K video is compared. Bitrate matters about how fast you convert a video file and what overall quality level of the video. What bit rate was the Intel cpu creating?     I'f I am seeing the iPhone conversion was that fast cause the actual.overall bitrate for the 4K video was less than 15mbps with a far less container size where the Computer with Intel was allowing you to convert at a higher 40-50mbps higher quality video. Yes it's going to take longer to convert that high of a bitrate but the quality of the video is going to be greater and overall better than the iPhone created file. Also let's see the the iPhones speed trying to covert a 40-50mbps true 4k video file the same exact size as the Computer created.  That was a very biased comparison not using the same softwares and converter settings and total video quality and file sizes.
@Foudre MY  I easy to compare... how fast it finish a task like....:copy -past....convert a videos....watch stream online.... downloading -uploading same wifi......etc.tasks....and see results.....
Ever since the 8080 came out some company or another would claim their product "changed the entire industry".  Later companies would claim a "paradigm shift" or taking things to the "next level" or whatever cliché was popular at the time.  These new chips are a good step in the evolution of microprocessor but they will be mediocre in two or three years.
apple new chips are really a revolution i will but a macbook after a few years once the software world has adjusted to the new architecture
Pc master race will soon use mobile graphics and cpus.embrace the future you neck beards and enjoy playing fortnite in 4k at 500 fps.
Unbelievable
overblown hype. these laptops are still slower than their pc counterparts by a fair amount. all of the comparions where they seem magical are actually software issues, and they are cherry-picked to make apple look good. they're good chips, but they're not industry-leading on the laptop or desktop market. only on mobile.
This may very well be the foundations upon which the future of computing will be built. CISC architecture looks so outdated now.
Also M1 is the first Mac chip, you don't know what can happen in the next few years
I bought the m1 macbook pro a month ago and i've gotta say damn.. The difference in exporting raw photo files (i'm a professional photographer) is insane. When i'm exporting my raw files from capture one to tiff which are about 130 mb per photo the time it used to take was about a half an hour for 100 photo's. My new m1 macbook pro does this within a minute..   This thing is an absolute beast, even on battery power i didn't hear the fan turn on even once.. Even when i'm editing photo's at the maximum resolution with at least 10 layers it doesn't hickup once.  I was actually pissed off at apple for a long time and didn't want to buy their products because price vs performance and the fact that they removed all convenient ports in their macbooks.  They did make up for this, because i cannot imagine a pc laptop outperforming this at the moment. I'm sure and i hope this will stimulate other manufacturers to push the innovation even harder.
I am actually shocked even as an apple hater
lol who told you "every one hates apple these days"?
Correction: The A4 was the first Arm processor apple made and that was in the iPhone 4
X86 reached end-of-life 10 years ago
Dojo is next.
One content, two languages. What I have now written may have a perfect mirror in another language.!!!!!!!!!!!lllll
Endless enigmatic book in all languages. You can write a book with mirrors in all languages of the world. You can speak two languages at once, you just need to find the perfect reflection, same content, different translation. Infinite Mirrors. Pi 3.14 XBooks. Hybrid language!lllll
Your voice sounds very compressed, i don`t know if it`s the microphone you are using or the software, but it`s very muffled
Y'all wanna impress me.    Make a pc that runs with an Intel and an Apple cpu at the same time on the same board.  So I can play games on the Intel cpu while I have the apple cpu handle my video capture lol.
It's almost as if Apple partnered with Intel back then just so they could take a huge dump all over them now. Lol.
I always cringe when I hear someone say "Intel Macbook"      Slight taste of vomit in my mouth. lol.
Apple increased their power by 300%.  That's because their previous chips were slow as hell compared to Intels lol.  so that 300% is roughly equal to that 28% from Intel.
ARM chips being able to run off residual power really goes to show how much power the cell transmitter and the screen take up.
ARM?  What about LLEG?  Low-Level Execution Grouping.  Lol.
Imagine instead of having a Mac you have a docking station for your iPhone… pretty crazy amiright?
People using such powerful chips only for calls, texts and social media🙂.
Apple promotional video.
DON'T BUY APPLE PRODUCTS! Support right to repair.! Apple relies on promotion of its products to make up for its faults. The M1 is not what they would lead you to believe.  If someone says gaming, and they start talking about League of Legends, it probably means they have an extra chromosome.
Apple has almost no IPR on CPU design, They still need to buy all of the IPR from Intel, ARM, Nvidia, AMD, Texas Instruments and the rest..
Aged like milk
Honestly, I have nothing but admiration for Apple here. The M1 was truly revolutionary.
risc chips haven’t really kept the efficiency as their clock speeds have increased
learning about this was actually extremly interesting
I think it's important to explain why at 8:30 he says the chip was still running. It was running on the extremely low voltage introduced by the measuring device, it wasn't just running off of God's will.
This is SO MUCH PROPAGANDA ...   Using Pixar's choice of CPU , he says "That proves that intel sucks". UM.  SPARC, SUN's last stand, didn't save SUN , did it ???? You could say that "SPARC KILLED SUN so SPARC sucks".... you just choose not to , you pick and chose your facts and slam intel with them.  But it could just be the situation, that  data crunching didn't need a server room for the mainframes... it could be done on smaller and smaller boxes.. because the RAM  size in the desktop,workstation, the same cpu could also be put into a server room box ... shrinking the cost and size  and watts per gigaflops, of a server/data cruncher. "A quick note - The A14 comparison vs Intel i9 was normalised for single core performance." ... lol .. .we all know that they had to perform better in multicore..windows of course will need a core for itself...
9:20 ... how IGNORANT are you ?  Its the efficiency of the pipelining that will vary.... In the second half of the  1990's  the pentium would do , ON AVERAGE, One instruction per cycle. and some instructions were done two to a cycle, eg a little integer increment and branch back to it loop.  (such as for timing ). The level of pipelining negates your comment about the length of the instruction.   What you are comparing are apples and oranges.   The current effect is that the    I5, I7  and so on  have cache suitable for huge datasets,  and its burning power when underutilised in a desktop or laptop... its quite capable of being a big data crunching  workstation or server....  There are many possible effects going on ... eg the power hunger CPU with a desktops cooling system, might get hot and stall , thus creating the flicker in your graphics... With the ARM, its not going to be possible to consume more power than ordinary usage does, and so the cooling system that tested fine for web browsing will  therefore be fine for the most CPU load producing data crunching.
Hey Dagogo, I am thoroughly enjoying yr channel, I love the new knowledge you are giving me, and in such an enjoyable and captivating way, thank you Dagogo.  Cheers Kev
Keep in mind, that this is not really true. Software for the M1 needs to be compiled for this chip, and it needs to change the way certain calls are done differently. Sometimes you get a speed boost, and sometimes you literally cannot.
Those saying Apple has no innovation since a long time....are running towards apple stores to buy M1 mac! Yeah...Apple did it.
Thanks!
Intel just too busy with stock buyback and forget improving
You don't have to tell your sucess/acheivement people will test themselves out .... and they will believe you because of your practical drastic result
Things go disruptive in 2 cases  1) Natural scenario when they proclaim advantages over existing  2) Existing lazy asses do not cope up with R&D  Exactly what happened with intel. If it would have agreed to apple to work on mobile phones that would be end of the story for ARM architecture.
Top class research, after watching the full video I truly felt that this should be a lesson in electronics class
Intel is dead M1 and AMD are the future.
When Apple enters the game, there is no win for any consumer.
Comment for the Algorithm
this means a14 is as great as it gets. time to get an ip12
I know of one difference in architecture between the early Motorola (used by Apple) and Intel was the Intel chip had to outsource the math function to an external chip, then wait for the answer. This was time consuming and generated extra heat.  The Motorola (Mac) chip had this function built-in. Just this one difference made the Mac graphics way better than Intel's.  I also heard that originally, IBM wanted to use the Motorola chip in their first PC release but Motorola couldn't manufacture enough chips to satisfy the order, but Intel could. Can you imagine how that would have changed history?
I think it's remarkable that macbooks no longer suck, now they're genuinely good computers. I also like electronics being more power efficient considering the world needs it. All that said I'd rather have AMD on a desktop, it's still very power efficient and it's miles ahead in performance.
This is why we can't have nice things
the thing is apple cant support gpu like nvidia but intel can
morning brooo
Something tells me that intel doesn't want to show their full power
But not for gaming
It's crazy how much Britain has contributed to modern computing. From the enigma machine, to Tim burneslee founding the internet and now risk. It's a shame the Americans where the ones that knew how to make money out of it
Intel is next Nokia!
Two things. ARM architectures are ubiquitous in microcontrollers. Computer CPUs are really just a small slice of the market in comparison. Secondly, why are we using FABs in Taiwan, the technology was developed in the US. This was just another instance of outsourcing and destroying our industries. Intel is building new FABs, and it can still own the future.
I just hope just eventually sell the chip alone or some cheap base structure. The Hackintosh community needs it!
When I got an Acorn Archimedes in 1986 people told me was stupid computer since didn't run MSX. It was so many years ahead of it's time!
Proof of Work vs Proof of Scale  BTC (Intel) vs XRP (Apple)
Great video
125w power supply means that it's maxing out. Can't go over 60km/h like a tractor. We'll need a chip that can do million times the current calculation for future and Apple seems to handle that. The fact that it took 0 power to give such results in prototype ARM & M1 shows that the chip didn't even sweat to deliver results. Apple has now iphone & computer chip too 💶 They simply control the World now.
So the main thing stopping people from just docking their phones and using them as computers and laptops is memory and gpu?  Memory should be easy, as well as storage. Graphics needs to change up from those clunky cards. Monitors too, maybe something Wi-Fi?
What do you use to edit your videos and what device.
Apple sold horribly performing laptops with Intel chips for years (due to designing for looks at the price of thermal performance). People paid a ton of money for horribly thermal throttling lacklustre performance on Apple laptops.  But with the M1 chip, I believe Apple has totally redeemed itself in the CPU performance department.  Overnight, I became a fan of some of their products. 😀
What is the soundtrack at the beginning of you video, the intro song?
for some reason I just don't care about M1 and keep buying intel's desktop. The major innovation is they integrated RAM into the CPU.
Gets me even more excited for RISC-V. Intel has been investing in it. I think we will see great competition and innovation in the coming years. (Also lot of works to adapt everything to the new arch ^^'). I'm already crying in low level.
This Computer based ARM technology will kill the PC enthusiast forum and PC Master Race altogether. Those who love the freedom of having full control of PC will lose any interest. A sad future for people who love to build and repair their own PC.  If a technology is a set of Processing unit, Memory module and graphical interface; what else it is left for enthusiast market? ARM technology doesn't need high end cooling so any high end cooling will begone, what else is interesting in PC? If I knew this future, I'd never have any interest on PCs.
Title should be: "How Did Arm Do It?"
Exponantialities unforseen are on the coming "ones decadal" horizon scale now. It will be with initial laughter in a century when looking back at such a  bragging world as we live in today  By then all this info age tech will lie in the background much like electrical wires behind our walls now. Which, yeah, another spoiler.... Electrical systems, although vastly scaled down and done away with altogether in some societies begin to wind down to oblivion as well.
The M1 is a great processor but Apple also claimed their GPU integrated into the the M1 Max or Pro had similar or better performance than a RTX 3070 or 3080 🤣  It wasn't anywhere near it. Also Intel i9 12900k has already surpasses M1 max single core CPU speed.
I'd rather use a far less efficient, far less expensive x86 processor. Apple is simply not acceptable for a multitude of reasons. Clearly, they don't believe the consumers should have any say or control of their own products. Damn Apple to Hell!
that's was a nice intro
So If my computer windows has m1 as its processor, it will tacle any problem about lag for gaming or editing process. How accurate is that?
I love that AMD is only briefly mentioned as "another x86 chip maker", as if they weren't Intel's *main* competitor for the last 20 years.
Could you please do a video on emerging neuromorphic chip by Brainchip? It is an extremely efficient Artificial Intelligence chip with on chip learning capability.
We in the Intel desktop World do not mention 10 series chips... ever!  Simply because even, we do not know what Intel was thinking.
15:28 - Are you suggesting that Apple's iPhone CPU is faster than intel's top-of-the-line consumer CPU? I appreciate your work and content, but that is, politely, completely ridiculous and perhaps shows a gap in your research. Also, measuring speed increases based on one test is incredibly spurious.
At 1:51 in this video you talk about X86 and show a commodore pet.  The commodore pet was a 6502 processor like many of the computers before the IBM PC (Apple 1, Apple II, Commodore, Atari, ....).
God I hate these American accents.
Apple A4, A5: Am I A Joke To You???
As much as I don't like apple 🍏 as 🅰 company, this... this is exiting!
APPLE ARE SHIT!!!!!
I'm not so excited about having lower power requirements. I'm more excited about the ability to stuff a computer full of 10 of these and overclock them to the maximum. The same power usage, far more performance. That's always been one of the goals of efficiency.
I should go back to playing video games on my iPad! Games with Rtx
Yes I'm excited, but sadly can't afford one!
The M1 is just a jumped - up cell phone chip. It's more about terrible von Neumann architectires CPU design.
decent vid. judt want to add that you kind of left out that part of why x86 still is so dominant is because it is 100% backward compatible. while apple/macos users have grown ised to abstraction layers, its never existed in the win/dos world of x86. further, intels attempt to expand the instruction set failed miserably.
I'm watching this on a fully base model Macbook Air, hooked up to a 4k monitor, with multple tabs and I'm playing Borderlands 3 at a high resolution and high FPS. Madness. Never thought it possible before.
Always thought intel where the best  as time goes by we learn more  Apple  makes the Arm M1 chip  mite be faster in iPhone but there PC's  are   far too  priced  never looked at them  who needs an apple  $5k pc  when you can build your own intel for $2k power isn't  a worry  why buy  Lamborghini to go shopping never  made sense to the real working class  the extra $3k you save goes towards a new bike or car maybe house renovations or pay off the fuel you pay dearly for nowdays xd :)
coming back to this video after the recent news of the M1 chip having a hardware vulnerability with PACMAN boy howdy was that a nightmare when I saw it
💯💯💯
I wonder how Paul reacted when he found out that in many households, all family members buy new iPhones every year.
You just made my entire week
How incredibly well explained is this
I would have liked a deeper dive into the M1 design such as integrated ram and its other integrated parts, but I suppose that would have gone a bit off-topic.  Overall, a very well-done video, thank you!
how it took me so long to get here... so sooooo suscribed.... thank you so so much Dagogo... 🌙🤍🌙
Very interesting and informative. Thanks 👍
I love the quality of editing and research that you guys do. That's the second time I'm watching this video because this topic is so interesting.
apple putting intel in the iphone would have killed the iphone
sounds good but the thing is if t hey can make the m1 chip they will definitely make the future desktops even better... so that's why laptops will never catch up to desktops.
Apple back to actual innovation instead of just making gimmicky things for rich people yay
no matter how much speed you get with m1 processors it's not worth it if you dont really own the device, also apple is overpriced af.
Apple’s story is a series of big boys snubbing them, refuse to partner with them then in the end, getting spank because they research and come up with something so powerful
M1 is good, but I think it's apple marketing...Intel imacs are awesome...remember few years ago apple throttle down their products to force you take their new ones
Windows and Android user hear and the M1 chip is on a different level but bought my wife a I pad air M1 chip and I was so impressed I bought myself one it's amazing having a tablet that has the performances of a £2k pc for £900 and its the best for cheap video editing... And it was only after watching this video it got me interested and it genuinely works I can't believe how fast the M1 chip is ...
1 year later zero fucking change.
WOW amazing. I always feel jealous of Apple when lot of revievers lean towards it when comparing Apple products with other competitors in reviews. But, it's a fact that Apple tunes every bit of it's products so perfect. Their perfection and quality control always amazes me. Hats off to Apple and their innovation of M1 chips which going to change the world and lets see how Intel and Amd respond.
I was running a 2013 MBP, after 8-9 years of faithful service, I went for the base spec MBP 14" M1 Pro. Fantastic CPU & GPU, stays cool under pressure, another 8-9 years out of this one too!
One man's bloated instruction set is another man's hardware acceleration of complex tasks.
It is really cool to be able to witness this kind of development in the industry, I'm exited to see what comes next
This thing isn’t a “mobile chip with desktop performance”. It has the multi-core of a Ryzen 5 4600U: extremely impressive, and certainly faster than the gimped trash Intel gave us for more than ten years, but at best equivalent to a budget desktop chip. It’s about time we stopped being hyperbolic about a chip that is slower than the i3-12100 by double digits in *everything*.
when the pentium was in the coputer things where changing. Update in Acad was going 100 times so quick
0:15 Hearing that is what stopped me from disliking this video.
Blind like Paul "Attornini"
Don't worry Intel is shifting there gears and it would be interesting to watch this war. Being a employ of intel right now is hard.
Apple buy finished chip feom TSMC   apple tell lies they innvented 😂 what is more pathetic dtupid people belive in apple lies 😂
GOOD JOB TSMC'S  apple silicon aka tsmc chips selling like apple product pathetic loser company people belive in apple lies 😂
no wonder how apple can sell dog shit with apple logo and dumb customers will buy 😂
i laugh so hard on stupid apple customers who buy same chinese phone with new name apple sucks 😂
M1 IS  not even made by apple 😂 they  behinds 😂 well done TSMC Crapple cant made anything 😂
TSMC. made chip apple sell like apple product pathetic loser company people belive in apple lies then 😂
Thanks!
64?
Great analysis! It is cristal clear that RISC is the future. I can´t wait to build my first ARM based desktop  PC
Do a video on the M2
M2 is freaking amazing
I just don't trust Apple
Low how you still need to use some Apple hate to make sure the Android fanboys aren't offended.
This is too oversimplified to be useful
I’m curious. It not terribly clear in the video. Could someone run windows or Linux on this hardware. Or another OS written for an x86.
And macs are already defeated in ecosystem since a lot of apps cant run especially games.
intel 12 gen cpu is making epic comeback.
I generally dislike Apple products but props to them for innovating with the ARM tech and moving the industry forward. Excited to see what comes next.
Apex is still super laggy with the M1 chip.
yes yes yes... we know it does good job in certain applications and workloads... in more general applications the x86 is still king for now whether you like it or not... this is not the whole picture to the story and its no so simple to compare architecture to another even on the same platform... i still won't put my bets on ARM stuff i prefer to bet on RISC-V.... plus u are specifically using certain info and slides to make your point and not trying to paint the whole picture in this world of processors... you would piss off alot of enthusiast with just these claims.... and intel removing those benchmarks is due to amd destroying them on said benchmarks... its not due to apple silicon... if we want to make proof against apple silicon claims, they also didn't show any numbers but used just lines with claims of relative performance only against desktop parts... and when we pit high end systems that enthusiast love to make, or with the same specs apple claim to beat and run benchmarks across a wide range, it proved the claims were only half truths...
Hey, I know this is an old video but I just want to clear something up about ARM vs x86. You say at 1:40 that ARM can now do the thing x86 can do, and this is not true, but at the same time has always been true.   Let me explain,  ARM processors can only do very simple operations with a single instruction (RISC), where as x86 can do very complicated operations with a single instruction (CICS). as an example imagine you have to multiply 2 numbers.  on x86, you would just tell the processor to multiply those numbers, but on ARM, you would have to tell the processor to do a few additions, and a few bit shift operations.  both versions will take a similar amount of time, but x86 defines that process on a hardware level, while ARM defines that process through software.   This is where the modern day comes in. In previous years, it was more cost efficient to design those processes into the processor itself, vs defining the processes through software and requiring massive ram + HD to do the same thing, but now with the increase in storage capabilities of computers, it has begun to make sense to remove the extra hardware to do those operations, and instead define them with more complicated software. The other important thing to note about ARM is that, because of how much larger binaries are, more information needs to be quickly accessible by the cpu in order to feel snappy. This doesn't matter as much on phones, because you don't really multitask in the same way that you would on a workstation, but it becomes more apparent on PCs. Because of this, ARM needs a really large cache when compared to x86, which adds another layer of difficulty and power draw from DRAM that isn't really mentioned here. On a laptop meant for consumers, this probably isn't a huge deal, but this is a big deal on a workstation because it will require more cache to feel as fast as x86, and the power savings ARM has may not be as significant.  The other modern day advancement that is allowing ARM to compete with x86 is compilers getting much better. Before, compiling to ARM would not be very efficient especially when compared to x86, so you would get slower operations in a program, but now compilers have gotten so optimized and so powerful, that they CAN compile to the much more complicated  RISC instructions.  The other compiler limitation is the compile time. You are compiling to many more instructions, so the compilers take much longer to finish. This isn't a big deal with most open source software, but for large programs (think windows, linux, macos, autocad, fc, photoshop ect) where millions of lines of code are involved, and compile times are already going to be like 30 - 40 minutes on massive server farms, this becomes to be a problem. This has gotten better in recent years, but is still a massive barrier to RISC becoming dominant. Imagine being a programmer and having to wait 20 - 30 minutes on a partial compile every time you want to test something.  This is offset recently by compilers, again, getting more optimized, and hardware getting better, but will still be a limiting factor.   A good way to think of RISC vs CISC or ARM vs x86 is that with x86, most of the work is done on the processor, while with ARM, the work is outsourced to the cache, RAM, HD, software and software developers. This is why ARM is "faster" in theory, and why it can get away with less power consumption, but even now 2 years after this chip came out, we still see the industry moving to ARM desktops very slowly, and not rapidly.  So TLDR: ARM has always technically been able to do everything x86 can do, but only recently have compilers, ram, and storage caught up enough to enable ARM to do so, and while RISC is awesome, it is not a catch all super technology, and has it's own limitations and trade-offs.
I need a numeric keypad, which apparently Apple will never build. So sorry Apple, you lose my laptop money.
when it work lol 🤑🤣🤣🤣
I don't hate Apple but am not going to buy it for one simple reason - I want to be in charge of my devices, how they are configured, how they run, how they connect to each other and the world. I refuse to inhabit a closed ecosystem over which I have not control
I'm just waiting to see what AMD comes up with
The only risk is depending on TSMC to make everything. If TSMC decide to charge more, there will be no alternative.
Intel is just overpriced af💀
0 power got me 😳
still nothing, fk appl
When you change everything, everything changes you.
If apple lets us game, i'm switching tomorrow
Apple didn't do anything.  ARM has been around long before Apple "invented" it.
ARM has been around since the late '80s. APPLE are late to the party.
Good info but this pseudo asmr narration is a thumbs down.
X86 chips are done, through, no more.   Arm chips are already available in PC's - Microsoft's Surface computers have been using Arm chips for years, but the software companies simply won't back up Microsoft's ARM chips with apps/programs.  Therefore, the only way ARM chips will take off on PC's is that and if Apple's M1 computers start taking big profits away from Intel based PC's.    I truly wish ARM processors would, very soon, start taking over in the PC market place, as I'm a Linux users and really want it....
I watch this every 3 months on my m1 MacBook Air just to validate my purchase
Apple has focused on hardware and alternative Accessibilities. It has withdrawn essential great software like Publisher.  Publisher was a fantastic easy to use Graphics and copy design and publish tool. Replaced with Pages, which is more like a word processor. I have to pay for non Apple graphics programs that are very complicated to use. I dumped Microsoft because the Apple iPad with Publisher was so easy and versatile, and now I am offered pay to use Microsoft software. I pay for memory in photos and iCloud but even Apple programs will often NOT OFFER the option to save to Apple Photos. I have to save to Dropbox, a separate non Apple cloud system. Why? I refuse to pay for two cloud systems. For all of the advertising and promotion one still needs a computer for so many activities because the iPad is designed to require a computer to maximise its value as an extra to an Apple Computer. Computer Geeks and Word Freaks do not understand the ease and brilliance of the touch screen. Sadly Apple never mastered the visual graphics on iPad. From the time Apple Pencil was introduced, screen sensitivity for on screen typing, and typing controls from the Smart Keyboard became unreliable and at times unpredictable. They had to include a Mouse Pad to improve accuracy and control. The introduction of multiple flow charts to perform the same operation have multiplied exponentially the number of ways one can make a mistake and the number of steps required to do what was once cleverly shot cut. Does Apple Care?
I've been using a 2013 MacBook Air daily since I got it, almost 10 years ago. Can't wait to upgrade to an M1 MacBook Pro.
Thanks!
without tmsc where would apple be?
It is CPUs, not CPU's.
Its crazy though how much better apples arm chips are than the other mobile makers.
Entertaining nonsense
M1 chip super useless, after 13 months laptop crashed.  Barely used it, louzy mac Pro
"Ammeter showed 0 current"  Wow!  "Turns out the Ammeter wasn't connected, hence the 0 current"  Ah, that makes more sense.   "That means the circuit was broken, yet the chip was still working despite getting no energy"  ..........
Apple products are made in China and are way too expensive.
Sadly interesting... Apple is one disgusting corporation, business practice and ethically speaking; it comes with annoying trepidation hearing of them developing technology that I might not be able to escape from. Ugh...
Same as Microsoft did it with SQ1 chip.
inhel has recently stacked efficiency cores and i believe amd will do something similar. this idea didn't come from crapple, it came from android arm chip designs about a decade ago. in the future the chinese indigenous chips will come to dominate
Best of the Best sunilduth
it's not crapple vs inhel. it's arm vs x86. also try unix/linux/mcos vs windoze...
crapple is rubbish
You are awesome at what you do. Thank you for these videos.
it breaks ssd memory .
Oh wow. They took an iPhone chip; slightly improved the CPU, and did more step-and-repeat. This proves just what a lousy job ARM did with a Ridiculous Instruction Set Computer.
They don't equal desktop power. Apple and ARM developers are being careful about what they try to run. Simple small code is quicker on ARM but more complex applications are much slower. It is all smoke and mirrors and breaking things down to their simplest forms. As things grow they get more complex and slower.
I'm a Android User but personally i respect Apple for coming with their own solutions that revolutionize the world every single time they create something Sensational.  . . . .   .( Budget is the enemy for not able to buy an Apple product for myself )
I'm not surprised Apple will release their own EV cars
I've never used or owned anything made  by apple, I personally hate the company due to there over pricing and repair procedure as well as there short life span, before, becoming out dated.  It seems every 2-3 years they bring a new phone out often with less technology provided.
Say what you will about Apple but their engineering team is absolutely incredible.
Lots more effort and cost to develop software. But human mental effort is much more efficient than burning energy on inefficient processors.
I'm solidly a PC/Android fan. But a lot of people misunderstand my distaste for Apple products... I have no problem whatsoever with the technology. In many cases I've admired it for years. What I have a MASSIVE problem with is their product model... None of their stuff is modular and little of it is upgradeable. What they offer you is what you get. And with that Limitations is an unacceptable price tag. In many cases I can build a far better PC than a Mac, and if a part breaks, I can fix it myself. Or more importantly... UPGRADE as newer/better components become available.
The most significant thing about the M1 is that Apple now does not have to pay Intel for processors and they can make their laptops more powerful for the same amount. The cheapest base model M1 MacBook Air is arguably the fastest laptop in its price range.
I got an M1 Pro and im very impressed. never going back
its a cellphone cpu proportioned to laptop chassis its litterarlly just a iphone into a laptop. its trash and not x64
Crapple buy TSMC CHIPS  and sell like apple product pathetic loser company people belive in apple lies 😂
Well done tsmc without you Crapple ia full of shit 😂
Great overview; you got basically everything right! 9:22 BTW, it's "cycles" (plural), not "cycle's" (possessive). And the symbol for hertz is Hz, not "HZ" (henry-zetta), so it should read "GHz". Same thing with 10:49 "CPUs", not "CPU's" ("of the CPU").
MaxTech could take a pile of shit and call it revolutionary if it had an Apple logo on it tbh lol
You make is sound like time travel was achieved but it's really not that world changing this is just the beginning.
Apple didnt invent anything just bought a company and slapped their logo on it. Any company that is so psychopathic ally capitalist I'd avoid even if they did have the "best" computer. I remember being forced to use a mac at work for development and it was absolutely frustrating.  Tediculous design decisions like a round single button mouse that needed a keyboard press to do right click equivalent. The iPhone and mac users I met were always so full of themselves. I hated it.  With ARM cups though.. what isnt said is that the complexity moves to the software.  Instead of a complex instruction set and simpler machine code you have simple instructions and insanely complex machine code.
Technically Apple silicon was revealed in June it in November where devices with M1 were available
Apple has always overcharged, and over restricted user control. In the 90's Apple had great advantages for people who needed something to work with audio/video, but now that edge has fallen away with software developers focusing on Windows systems more and more.  Intel 11th Gen CPU line was a waste, but the new 12th Gen is where it's at. Once Intel gets moving with their discreet GPU we'll see more improvement on computers still, bringing smother, more fluid flow of audio and video.  It appears Apple is a platform that still believes you should buy their computer, but not expect to have any rights of ownership.
It’s a real unfortunate situation that it’s Apple at the forefront of this revolution. But having said that I think it’s very safe to say that all big companies (tech or otherwise) have evil business practices… so what can we do….
The last x86 chip to be great was and still is the AMD k7 Thunderbird
How to make FREE ETHEREUM @
ARM servers NOW. We've been wanting this since like 2008
Apple is a criminal enterprise.
WAY TO GO APPLE 🍎 U ROCK WITH ELON AMEN 🙏
TAKE IT BACK FROM EFFING CHINA JAIL ASSHOLES WHO GAVE IT TO THEM BUSH CLINTON OBOZO WALL STREET BANKERS AMEN 🙏
The second you mentioned Verge you lost all credibility. I tried to ignore all the left out details and biased views showing only positives but you took it too far.
Congratulations 👏 and all the best for your success and happiness 💕
Such marvelous performance achievement
I would just like to know why Motorola's and IBM's RS6000 RISC fell out of the race. It was RISC after all, and Apple replaced it with Intel
Fantastic video explaining M1 chips, thank you
Very interesting, especally as a computer science student. Even though I dont want to get locked into their ecosystem and there for will probably not buy any of their products, I might have to rethink my opinion of Apple.
Nothing bro.   I still fck apple
Informational video but you lost me when you called smart phones "lower end items". @23:11
A great exercise for my old brain THANKS
LoL is a game that runs on a potato under windows. If intel chip and dedicated GPU barely run it on Mac maybe it means games on Mac arent really good measure of performance. M1 did better but "close to 60 fps" isn't really that good.
The M1 mac mini is one of the best macs I have used in a long time. It just handles everything with ease. The next generation will be even more power efficient and powerful. The industry is changed forever
The only reason I'm not switching to mac is because I don't like MacOS.
1 year later from "the changed the entire industry" and... no, it didn't.
Not really an inovative solution (especially when they pretty much made their name using RISC chipsets), more of a common sense reaction to a market whose needs can be better served by a simpler product 99% of the time. I would say that this simply reflects Apples acceptance of the need to prevent excessive inertia in a particular development plan in order to target its prodcts in appropriate manner to maximise profit which sort of exemplifies the single thing that they are actually good at. Shame they are so damn greedy and insist on fleecing their customers at every available opportunity as their strategies really could change the world for the better at a time when more efficient solutions to problems are required...
Circle of life tech  , back to power pc 😂
0:12 subbed my brother
That was a REALLY well put together video! Great job, & thanks for teaching me a few of the “in the weeds” details.
ARM always were faster then x86, this is not news. You need to go back and do your homework. AMD used to struggle because they had to translate x86 into arm code. If they could abandon that code, if there was another system competitive to Microsoft, they would be much more ahead. Unfortunately MS build a market and only them and Apple were/are still competing in real business. Linux is only for advanced users and most of the business prefer to purchase products that offer support if something doesnt work.
Its kind of ironic, just the amount of people that take shit on apple and hate them actually in a way shows their dominance.  when you go on a story about windows machines you never see apple fans talking down on them.  Cause apple people dont care, they dont have to try to prove their machine is better cause everyone already knows it.
You are, and all the people in the video, comparing apples (pun intended) with oranges. All the comparisons shown are not true comparisons. They may look like they are doing the same thing. Phone rendering a 4k video faster than a desktop. Totally not the same thing. I would need to see the exact file sizes of both before and after. All the compression performed and all the configurations used. Sure I can do the same on my poxy £200 Android phone. But it is not the same video format with all the same parameters as the one I'd do on my desktop.  20:29 is a joke. The guy who's normally in front of the camera is lip syncing what the camera guy is saying. Why? Because the camera guy has been coached verbatim what to say. Either way that's meaningless. It's meaningless what anyone says. Until all the configurations, and specific data and media used to render a file for what ever you're comparing are clearly detailed. Then others can attempt to do the same tests. People saying WoW, unbelievable, this is a game changer, bye bye x86, etc, is meaningless.
UNITED STATE'S GOVERNMENT MARINE'S MILITARY AIR FORCES U.S.S THANK YOU VERY MUCH PUTIN YOU HAVE FILLED MY LIFE WITH LOVE AND HAPPINESS YAHOO THANK YOU VERY MUCH XOXO MELINDA 🐬🌊🦅🛰🇺🇸🌎🌏🌍🇺🇸🌓🕰🌋🗻⛰
I love your storytelling. Have recommended this video to so many of my friends.  How about making a follow up video on intel’s new strategy in lakefield chips and the future? In competition to m1?
I want the hardware to run Linux that’s all. Wipe out iOS and windows
This is why you don’t become a fan boy of any product but become a fanboy of any company that can’t bring us the goods we can use. And every so often we need to change.. for the better.
I've used nothing but Macs the majority of my life and I love my M1 Mac. More so, I love the fact that I didn't have to sell a kidney to be able to afford one.
Apple is doing with the M1 chip what they tried to do with Intel chips (in computers). Intel missed the iPhone wave. Intel is just receiving strike after strike 😂
Now they better make shit that can be repaired
It’s kind of cool that a British CPU design (ARM) went on to be the most successful in history.
A Commodore PET was 6502, not X86.
I have MBA with M1 for a while now and Im still trying to figure out how I have been using Windows PCs for the last 20 years. Really stupid
m1
I have no beef with apple, they did nothing to me. They were just out of my price range so I stuck with android and windows but if they can make a tablet that can use Photoshop and 3dx max even better that windows plus on a low powered device I will sell my hair to buy it.   I am serious I have tall pretty hair.
How powerful is Apple Silicon when it comes to gaming? Will they give their processor to OEMs such as Razer to make gaming laptops?
This is bludie bunk. Weve been hearing this for years. Its like war & peace. Please spare us all the artificially blury footage from days gone buy. 🙈🦅🦉🦄🙉🐽🐼🐛👁👁🤢🤮
holy shit, when I heard 5watt vs 125watt difference, this is madness
If I was to buy the great Apple Mac Pro Wheels Kit, I would wear it as earrings !
I purchased an M1 Mac Pro and was not happy that it could not view 100000 jpegs and could no longer convert to a pc platform.  I was going to through it out because you cannot return it but feel I should be more patient. Apple has asked me to purchase a photo software so I can manage my small collection of family photos $100 and they said “yes that sucks we no longer offer that pc feature “.  I have been Apple iPhone from the beginning but because of work I am used to a pc platform.  So I rate my MacPro M1 class at a 2 of 10
they said that the M1 MAX was equal to an rtx 3090... welp that backfired reaaaaaaalllllly badly
They suck for gaming.
I am interested in some gaming benchmarks. All you have is one video about video converting or something.
I'm an Arm employee... Good things are coming, I can feel it! Anywho, I've gotta go; there's Verilog to write. ;)
Dude please... Windows RT came way before Mac M1
The central ideas in the video all are in the ballpark of correct. But the explanations bounce like a pinball between the fringes of oversimplification and misinterpretation. Example for the first is 14:15: you can use more than 4 GB of RAM in a 32-bit system, but *a single process* cannot make use of more than 4 GB because that's the maximum address space with 32 bit. Example for the latter is 2:55, comparing Photoshop on x86 with whatever GPU offloading (apparently none) to Lightroom which is targeted at users sensible to UX more than image processing finesse ... Brrppf. Well! Yes, it's a fair observation, but that's not an effect of ARM vs. x86 CISC. The requirements engineers did a better job for Lightroom than for Photoshop. But that's a far more complicated story to tell, so ... **sigh** ... Carry on, I guess?
A laptop that don't need cooling fans? I might need to think about buying one.
LET'S PUT THEM IN TOYS!
Galaxy S5 not S4
Amen!
watching this on MacBook Air m1
M2 BABYYYYYY
New phone doesnt fit the old charger................what a revolution.
This feels like YouTube premium, always the best quality videos
What if whole world run by one internet network,we have to learn lessons from previous fails of human race
Next we will here “and China stole the chip”
I've been using the entry level M1 Mac mini for about 18 months now. MAGNIFICENT !!   Remember all the old tricks to get better performance? You know … LOTs of RAM, several daisy chained External hard drives, etc ?? That's History.  My Base M1 Mac Mini does it better. Tom Abbott
That was like a movie. I really enjoyed every second of it including the Brew ad. Wow.
Fuck this sucks I hope Intel catches up because I really really realllllly hate the Apple PC interface with its lack of functionality and control and prefer Windows 10.  I got rid of my MacBook pro even. I still have an iPad Pro which I like as a tablet device except that you can't even download files from Google Docs or Drive and Dark Mode Browser functions don't even work on it so it's not a laptop replacement which is what I really wish it was,  especially since it's the dumb Apple app based interface/organization.
Because of my work I still can't do without a real PC but I recognize and that's what has changed a lot compared to the beginning of smartphones and tablets is that I use more and more both devices to replace my Windows computers  Mobile systems are fast, reliable, simple to use and moreover they are used with the fingers, they are portable and I can take my tablet or my smartphone everywhere whereas for my PC it's a little more complicated and as he says very rightly in the video they are more energy efficient, my tablet and my smartphone can easily last a day on the battery  And it seems to evolve very quickly so I can't wait to see what the future holds for mobile systems in general  Thank you Dagogo
Give me a break, just goto 3:35 to see Jobs comparing the PowerPC processor with Intel. Now Apple is telling us the same story: Intel sucks and the gee-wiz {PowerPC,M1,XYZ) CPU is better faster cheaper. Yet only a few years after 2006, when everybody had already switched to PowerPC, Apple said that Intel was not that bad after all and now Intel was the new super processor. So we dutifully threw out all our old apps, and bought new "improved" apps and changed our workflow to accommodtate the "improved" look and feel of the new Apps and after so many years, we are now comfortable with our Intel Powerbooks.  Then Apple comes in and says, well 32-bit apps suck and I don't feel like supporting them so from Catalina onwards you have to throw away you old apps and blah blah blah. So we did because we have a slave mentality and believe that what Apple says is the truth.   So now Apple comes back and says that Intel sucks and I don't feel like using Intel CPUs, so from this year  onwards you have to throw away you old apps and blah blah blah.   I guess you get the drift. But unless you are using some super power hungry apps (and so are willing to make all the sacrifices Apple  DEMANDS  from you) you can give Apple M1 a pass. Just wait a couple of years and rejoin the Apple groupie club, when Apple launches it new totally incompatible CPU and expects you to trow away all your old Apps in order to upgrade.  The point I am making is that CPU power is not an issue for most Apple users. But maintaining the INVESTMENT made in educating staff to use specific applications and setting up work flows that are compatible with IT systems deployed in the workplace is the real issue.  I EXPECT (no DEMAND) that each new system brought into my enterprise fits seamlessly with the existing IT infrastructure. Does this make me a Ludite? Maybe, but I don't really care. So I bought a bunch of Intel Macs (some of them 2nd hand at a big discount)  and I am going to let you youngsters make the necessary sacrifices to move to M1, (and who knows maybe back to Intel after a few years :-) to get the latest and greatest overpriced crap that Apple is peddling.  **vp
This is very insightful. What a brilliant video. 👍.
CT CC ok try
wow apple destroy Intel not just Intel but absolutely everyone think about it if they have like TCSMC FOUNDRY THEY WILL TOOK IT SO FAR.
M1 now that its here is definitely less than hyped, still great, albeit part of that is comparing Intel macs vs m1 mac's is unfair because mac was known for throttling the cpu.
M1 is a huge step for arm, but it's not as good as people think tbh, for computers I'd look towards risc-V if any newer architecture will take over x86 in desktops.
What for? It can't play fortnight or any high profile 3D game properly.
My M1 Mac Pro is the best piece of technology I have ever witnessed.
From here out is software development for ARM. Risc is the wag to go. Its just Intel invested in Cisc. We need a big company to go all in with ARM to penetrate deeper with. Apple can go into desktops laptops but not mainstream business or servers etc.
Technically with the fanless macbook, apple no longer caters to fanboys only :)
So when is Apple going to have a phone that can be my workstation seamlessly since they both run on the same chip and hopefully soon same OS
Bài somewhere (July) rất hay, mong một ngày cô hướng dẫn bài này
Industry isn't changed. Still PC's use x86 chips, not ARM.  They only changed the apple industry
Now a year later the M1 modifications are able to beat, in some but NOT all situations, the best x86 PCs with the most powerful graphics cards at a 10th of the power...
This is the worst misleading explanation ever about "CISC" dan "RISC". Ever heard something called "Computer Science" ?
Maybe a dissapointment for some of you, but this M1 chip is only fast in some tasks, but in most cases slower than Intel and other. Nice promotion though.
Short term answer: because it’s apple
*ARM was the SECOND Generation of RISC processors: I ws coding on RISC in the 79's, on commercial, homebrew, and SBC products.  In fact, the late comer to the industry, IBM, had a RISC machine for sale: The IBM "Junior".  The Junior failed miserably, but not because of RISC. It failed for a variety of reasons: it was poorly implemented by IBM, it was not code compatible with the popular x86 architecture, and CISC at the time was far more powerful. There were others as well, but this was the big three that caused it's loss to x86.*  *The second generation ARM chips were totally  different from prior RISC: it was a watershed moment in computing, and it rapidly became the standard for critical non-graphical applications like routers, switches, etc.  The ISP//Networking industry had literally no use for x86 in their network infrastructure, while x86 owned home computing.  The PowerPC shared some of the ARM space, and for a short while took a good share of the server space, but ARM just kept getting better and better, and now here we are with the M1.*
It's funny that the "PC fangirls" always hate on Apple and even spread the myth that their products are too expensive. Yet, the 27" iMac for example was always a fantastic bargain for what you got. I used to build PCs for a decade and got sick of them, switched to an iMac and not only was it the same price as building my own PC (not a cheap gaming PC but high end comparable PC with similar parts and a high end IPS monitor, high end keyboard, mouse, and software), the iMac had a way better monitor, better warranty, way better tech support than I could ever get with independent parts (and much better than any company like Dell, yuck).  Additionally as an example the flagship iPhones cost less now than the flagship Samsungs. And the iPads are actually bang for the buck far better than their competition (really the only direct competition are the new high end Samsungs which again are MORE expensive than the iPads and are way behind in CPU/GPU performance).
Sorry but how did they ChanGe the industry? After steve there is no innovation. Just spending more money.
PC users and APPLE haters don’t like this video
this video alone converted me into a Macbook worshipper. I'd been in the Microsoft cult for my whole life and after changing to Mac, I've never looked back.
Intel also does a lot of unethical things to stifle their competition.
I was a Apple hater until i got my Ipad Pro with M1 and i am in love how it works and how fast it is without lags and i need that for my art and uni, i h=barely use my laptop at this point i am pretty good with just using and ipad. i have even switched my phone from android for iphone and have no complains there too. so i am divided now since i have pc laptop that cant run 3d programmes without a massive lag.
I was a windows user until the 16" m1 max macbook pro.  My reasoning is a "native" Unix terminal window. The speed is a great bonus
Boycott all Apple products!
I sure hope that Apple does inspire competition, ARM and the M1 chip in particular are impressive but I absolutely do not like Apple as a company.  Apart from questionable business practices, their hardware does a lot to strip away options from the customer.  It's ironic because they did the hard part of incorporating more efficient processors into their produucts but then they screw it up when it comes to easy choices they could have made to benefit the consumer.    For example, look at the Iphone.  No model that I've ever used comes with a removable battery, so you can't simply buy a replacement battery when it ages.  You have to send the whole device in for a custom and more expensive replacement for their proprietary internal battery.  So you're paying for the battery and the labor for installing the battery when it should be as simple as just snapping a new battery in yourself when you need to.     They've also decided again and again not to allow the customer to increase storage space on their phones by having the option to insert Micro-SD cards.   If you want more storage space, you're forced into either buying a new phone or using cloud storage that's dependent on having a DATA or Wifi connection.   Yet again there's a problem when it comes to simply being able to copy and paste files from Phone to PC.  I've never had an Iphone where copying music was as simple as just copying files from folder to folder.  I quit using Iphones in part due to my dislike for Itunes.  When it comes to full sized computers, most MACs don't let you upgrade the ram or graphics card yourself if you decide you need a performance boost, which is another disadvantage to Apple products.  Lastly, and this one isn't entirely Apples fault, but there's an obvious compatibility issue with a LOT of software.  Outside of mobile Apps, Currently most computer software and AAA games are programed and marketed for PCs with AMD or INTEL chips first and foremost.  For example, even if you look at console games that are released for Playstation or XBOX, the games that are ported to computer typically go to Windows based PCs and are less likely to see official releases on MacOS.    So credit where credit is due to Apple for impressive leaps in hardware technology, but at the end of the day you get far more flexibility with Android phones and far more flexibility and options on PCs when compared to Apple based computers. Personally I'd take that over the minor performance boost you get (in some situations) by using an Apple product.  I would agree though that Intel needs to start simplifying and innovating with their processors NOW.  If Apple were to resolve the issues I've mentioned, they could leave other companies in the dust.  Even Android is starting to repeat some of Apples mistakes by, for example, not having removable batteries on a lot of their newer phones.  So we'll see what happens in the future.
Intel has been slow trickling performance to consumers for decades unless they get pushed by AMD. Intel is pretty much anti technology
1k for the wheels that go at the bottom of the case, lol. Despite their amazing innovation that's the kind of stuff that makes me not like Apple
well, it's still Apple. meaning it will be nothing more than electronic waste two or three years from now because of Apple's software/OS policy and closed-system design. of course millions will be sold.
You missing a big point about TSMC. Who designed the I/O?  lol
intels problem is they stagnated coz they thought they had only 1 competitor AMD who at that time stagnated. so intel didnt have to invent. but then RYZEN happend, then apple and intel stayed in the corner watching :D :D
"We don't want to sell something that we ourselves cannot surpass, so let's just do a bit less of efficiency increase with the M1 this time, and so not overdo our advances, such that we have to increase the M2, our next target, beyond what we are presently capable of doing easily right now!"..... is that what THROTTLING IT means?
I would be lying if I didn't admit my hate towards apple as a company blinded me by their potential to take over the computing industry.
i'm a windows and android user as well. Still got me a 16 inch MacBook m1 max tho
Made their devices impossible to repair is simply not true. Maybe harder, but not impossible. Battery, screen replacements, all of this is possible and easy using apple and their partners services.
OK, now put that M1 chip in a thick 20inch laptop with a Kobalt 24v power tool battery. So I can swap out batteries in two seconds and charge them on a detached charger away from the computer.
1000% markup on products. Things that seem impossible happen!
oH nOoO biG baD iNteL maybe mention the memory advantage? it’s not like they just “bloated” the instruction set for no reason, it was advantageous back when memory wasn’t measured in gigabytes.
If Apple release their M1 or latest chips for PC build today, within a year Intel n AMD will be vanished
9:28 - "Simplified CPU's, such as ARM, generally will do one single instruction per clock cycle.  While desktop chips may use many cycles to complete one complex instruction.  This means more power consumption, less efficiency, and more heat produced."  ...No.  Both types of CPUs mostly use simple instructions that take one clock cycle.  However, desktop CPUs offer many extra instructions that the ARM does not.  For an ARM (RISC) to perform equivalent complex tasks, it must string together long sequences of instructions.  Not only that, but a desktop CPU is loaded with specialized hardware acceleration to make it's complex instructions execute even faster.  This means the RISC requires far more clock cycles for complex tasks.  RISCs are successful because those complex instructions are rarely needed.  Usually, CPUs just shovel data as fast as they can.  And in that contest, a RISC wins easily.
Who are you, who do you represent?           During the last 30 years Technology has overtaken  humanity. I am a man of no consequence, with a perspective.
I believe that Qualcomm will be a huge player in the laptops space in the future.
I started using ARM based Oracle Linux last year and I'm  very impressed with the performance! ARM is the future....., probably!
I honestly fail to see how Apple can swing anything in the computer market. They weren't able to so far in decades of business. PowerPC had a much larger performance lead at the time and went nowhere because Apple is a sideshow. To make waves Apple needs 3x market share at the very least. Apple and its ecosystem are the biggest weakness of the M1.
Is this advertainment?
its been 2years now, where is ARM now?
I love your videos I love everything about it we need more
Very very excited
Apple's most impressive feat? How it changed entire industries many many times over (Macintosh, iPod, iTunes music store, Firewire for video capture, Wi-fi (called Airport YEARS before any PC's had wi-fi) DVD-R Superdrive, which NO ONE believed in and Apple had to sell their own media at a loss at first, the iPhone, app store etc etc etc). Just an amazing company.
Thanks!
longest commercial iver ever seen, great for investors though
5:23 Shows that Americans ARE CAPABLE OF MANUFACTURING in the 1980s! Outsourcing almost destroyed all that highly experienced skills that are now the DOMAIN OF INDIVIDUALIZED PC BUILDERS MAKING HIGH-POWERED COMPUTERS for their own personal use in scientific R&D and educational purposes.
2years later: Still the Industry uses x86 and only Apple cares about ARM in Computer so far.
Too bad Macs are overpriced, lack games and software in comparison.
23:35 what in the actual f... I'm blown away that some people havr this kind of godly insight
Apple Chips... yum !!
No, ARM is not as RISCy anymore, these cores are full of extra features...
does nes have an arm cpu?
Doesn't change my opinions on Apple.  It will be a cold day in hell before I EVER give Apple a single penny. I am never ever buying Apple. Period. NEVER.
Intel screwed up
wow, thanks just flipping around and found your video, was very interesting and the future is wide open where we can go. Hope I can be here on earth to see it or see it happening on Mars to help the future of space adventures. Or even when we get to go back and live on the Moon. Go Apple.
M1 is  great for laptops & tablets. Maybe for supercomputers someday. But Ryzen + nvdia is still MUCH faster, at the cost of more power. But if you have 15 amps.....
Very cool video. I've been thinking about a Mac for some time now, but held off mainly due to price and not feeling like they were worth it... Well, then Apple dropped the M1 bomb, and I still held off... Then I used my dinosaur laptop the other day and it literally took 10 minutes just to boot up. Doing anything on it was PAINFULLY slow... Got a M1 Mac Air last night and I'm pretty excited to learn this new system and also know that I have one of best computers on market that'll probably last me 10-15 years lol... To witness the screen turn on BEFORE I even fully open the computer and then do Touch ID and I'm literally at my home screen ready to do whatever WITHIN a second is pretty f'ing mind blowing to me!
Laughing at Intel execs for missing out on the apple deal seems kind of disingenuous. Intel was probably presented with dozens of opportunities to partner with other companies and do research to build stuff. Most of them wouldn't have worked out. Hindsight is 20/20 in other words.
This is exactly what is making the world a more and more stupid place. We have what we need, at fine or excellent speed, visual and audio. But no, the feeble masses want more, more greed, more extortion, more arrogance and ignorant pride. This. Is. What. Is. Destroying. A great part of economy and society. You are all adding to the fire that will soon come, just because you all want more, even when it means destroying many peoples lives and their way of living. It's coming, chaos, and you all asked for it. You all claim to be so smart yet it's obvious you are all halfwits.
So are you going to talk about the "G5"?
I am all for integrating ARM into desktop class computers. The only reason I am not a fan of apple is because it monopolizes the shit out of consumers.
And lastly, Steve  Jobs was nothing more then a salesmen... his comments mean nothing
Comparing a 10900k which has an architecure from 2015, vs a the M1 which cane out in 2020... classic...lol I guess the 11900k was out of stock.. for the record thats 5nm vs 14nm.. if the m1 were so great it should more then double the 10900k..
This entire video. Is a stunning example of the Dunning/ Krueger effect.
Im sorry, but what?.. The M1 is a great ARM processor.. but thats just it.. Its not a revolution.. risc V is a revelution with only 50 instruction sets. Quantum and Nueral chipsets are a revolution. Arms instruction sets are just as inefficiant as x86.. this video is nothing but apple propaganda. Producing more calculations per watt is always happening and it has nothing to do with apple. And stating that phones have caught up to "mainstream" processers is either and intentionally misleading statement or shows a complete lack of knowledge on the subject matter.
in Apple upgrading Ram and Storage cost more then M1 chip itself.
well the only coldfusion video where i don't agree even with single point, there is no revolution its just some youtubers and reviewers over-hyping it, while comparing with a stagnant company like intel, going just by architechture, zen 3 or alder lake is much more advanced than M1(my experience in writing drivers and shit), look at cpubenchmark.net integer, fp and instructions per second of M1 its not even close to newer x86 architectures.
Best cost benefit in terms of computers at least for me. 100% Approved. Nice design, fast, smooth use, battery lasts more than 15 hours working. So practical as a phone. You take it from the bag and just start using from where you were, with absolutely no lag. It's really open and use. Nice nice nice
This is awesome but I still wouldn't buy any Apple products. But I am looking forward for Intel/AMD to come up with CPUs that'll level the playing field.
What is the name of the intro music???
The first apple chip was the A4 on the original iPad back in 2010, really good video though
Phones as fast as a PC. PC's are built for everything conceivable, example CAD or anything under the category of real work CANT compare a computer to a smartphone. Its like riding a Bike or driving a CAR! A PC is the only way to get Real Work done. Understand the TRUE meaning of REAL-WORK.
Super vidéo
apple fans forget that 6nm hasn't reach intel yet, ad when it will... hmm. it will probebbly win the race again.
Then comes quantum computing and everything else becomes obsolete! lol
Having to relearn simply everything, top-to-bottom, to use an iPhone, to include even the universal "Go Back" function, won't ever be offset by any "super chip" to deliver a net pragmatic benefit. Look in the Comments: iPhone fans cannot state a single necessary pragmatic benefit over Android.
Bought M1 Max today, spent some time thinking and yet wasn't sure even after making the purchase itself. After watching this video, I got proof I did the right thing.:) Thank you!
not a fanboy of apple but you gotta realize apple is building a community, while other are building a simply a house, while the community provides everything from the ecosystem up till the apps while others are scattered, this what makes apple succeed regardless they use others technology for a starter, apple can be mock for its price and so on, but surely they clearly talk for their products and they speak for what you pay for, while others are still insisting and try to making noise that they are still powerful, you just need to wait for another 2-3 years, apple will lead them all.
Can’t wait for the MacBook Air refresh, assuming they don’t jack up the price like the other MacBooks. Looking forward to having a light, portable, quiet, powerful gaming laptop. Never thought I’d see the day, but here we are.
Apple wouldn't know innovation if it bit them
Do you suppose that the M1 could be used in a future iPhone? Maybe processing overkill?  I have an M1 MacBook.  I ordered it, waited three months, had my order canceled, reordered, and got the new one within a month. Guessing supply chain errors. Runs the way I imagine a Lamborghini does - although, until I meet someone with a Lamborghini, that is just speculation.
I had to go thru FOUR MacBook pros in 2 months before I got one that worked properly.
I've held a strong disdain for Apple for a long time. Ever since the beginning of the iPod era when I sent mine in for repairs and Apple held on to my iPod till it was out of warranty. I'd called and called and called, trying to get some sort of progress, but they didn't even start to consider working on it until the warranty was up and could charge me heaps of money. Told them to keep the iPod, converted my iTunes stuff out of...I think they were MP4s or something, into regular MP3 songs and never looked back. And I've never regretted my decision. Watching all the anti-consumer bullshit they put people through with impossible to repair, huge mark-ups for often lower quality items, and decisions to remove headphone jacks and changing the microUSB size for their phone charger, all that is just pure greed from an already trillion dollar company.  But this chip do look pretty neat. I'm hoping it catches on in PC and Android stuff and there's a huge war for consumers, which directly benefits us!
More Applecrap.
so basically apple is now a small desktop pc that you fit in your pocket?
this (just in itself) is a great YT video
If your rich and working , a  No and  Dammed, if your poor, your never have one, funny old world, nothing ever changes, all these gizmos as we burn our world alive, to power these toys,
do what  ARM?  all programs need to rewrite for ARM no problem - idiots will buy STOP buy from seller цру do 3 times more when manufactor from you! Ios RIP
Has anyone tested this processor with Android?
M1 is fine if you dont want bluetooth
feel😒annoying
My god what a nice advertisement for apple this video is!!
But, can you use hacked software on Mac computers, like hacked Photoshop or Premiere? Or, how much do the similar Apple software cost? Because I get it, yes, the Apple laptops, and even tablets, are WAAAAY faster, and for video and phot processing that I do, would be WAAAAY more efficient.
People are tribal.. not because we evolved from apes but because we are fundamentally insecure. Have been ever since Adam rejected God in the garden of Eden and gained knowledge of good and evil which they were told would kill us and it does.
Smartphone faster than i9?😂😂 Sure and im Gandalf😂😂
Apple products are 4 igits lmao
I've always hated apple, never bought a single product, but this changed after I couldn't buy Sony Xperia 1 III because of the supply chain issue of Sony and I needed a new phone so I choose iPhone 13, starting to like the smoothness of the phone with just 4GB of ram, but still didn't like the way iOS limits my options, but the performance changed my point of view. I've been Linux user for more than 18 years now and even never touched the macOS. I have ROG laptop which is heavy and hot and noisy while I work with it, with new M1 I'm migrating to Mac and hope to get satisfied by my investment. thanks again for this video.
Watching this on my new MacBook air m1.
Power PC was not bad, but the technology needed was way too young for it to compete well.
This is why I am going to get a desktop Mac in the near future. I already got their M1 Macbook. It shocks me that everyone seems to be better than Intel now and days.
Thats strange.. at 2:49 marquez is opening chrome to show how incredibly fast it loads..  but it takes for ever ?!    How long does it take on a old mac to load chrome ???  2 minutes ?
💞💞
I have two words for you: Structure Degradation. 5nm CPU is soo dead in a year or less. Start learning physics and thermodynamics. Start putting M1 into ICBMs and Putler wins USA with no effort.
it's time to get rid of this fxxking Intel completely and put them into the tide of time.....
the probability of phone chips reach pc chips is close to zero.  also,  the chip used on the M1 is not the same as on iphone, just same architecture. fan boys being fan boys
but have you finally come over from the dark side yet mate?
I don’t hate Apple, their products work and they last,  how many folks have 10 year old+ Macs still working just fine?  Looking for crazy fast price competitive products in the very near future!
Building these into Rasberry-Pi platforms, and using them as networked powerhouses... Super-Crypto-Miners?  Somebody get on this... Lol.
compares a image editing  software file vs a zoom in  picture on viewer  lollolol talk about deceptive advertizement
When it comes to scientific/server/medical computing the M1 just doesn't matter because it can't actually do any of it. It's just a chip that ends up in consumer products doing lame tasks like video editing and dumb apps.. Also will never get used as servers/rendering farms/super computers/science medical computing, it doesn't matter, heck even Apple itself won't ever use it for their own servers "they use google/microsoft"
It seems like maybe a partial reason for the sucess of the CISC/Intel/x86 architechture, is that is is much more favorable for building in hidden native access for three-letter agencies along with other shadow groups. But that's none of my business though. Just a thought. Which would also allow for masking the extra CPU load. Where as an ARM architechture would become noticably slower with the extra load of a "hidden" user being active while the regular user is operating a particular device. So, I really don't think it was by accident that x86 maintained mainstream popularity.
I imagine a breakthrough may be uncovered by implementing an ARM main core, with a CISC Intel Co-processor as the main CPU. And Also implementing ARM in GPu's as well.   *edit* Haha, further into the video, Apple went a step further and actually built the CPU and GPU into the same ARM chip, but with a co-processor bridge. I bet it has a CISC instruction set for the rare need, and the CPU and GPU sections handle the bulk of the processing. Bravo, Apple. Bravo.
If only Apple would put more effort into compatability, especially for gaming They're not bad products per say. It's mainly compatability and pricing. The brand image Apple has cultivated can also be a limiting factor. Why would any gamer even consider an Apple system if Apple doesn't let said gamers know that their systems can run said games reasonable well? Brand image can help justify higher prices but can also limit the reach of products. It might be a tradeoff Apple isn't willing to make. In the end its their decision.
The M1 chip is no joke. With M1 I am able to do some insane gaming. On battery power. It's nuts!
When Steve Jobs passed away, I seriously thought Apple might slowly rot away. They didn't have any new ideas or any big plans that I knew about. The only thing I heard them talk about was a smart watch - and that wasn't going to keep them afloat. But this ARM chip does sound revolutionary. This is just the thing that might convert over the masses who love PCs to Apple. Personally, I am tired of Microsoft forcing their bloat down our throats. And Intel has been resting on their accomplishments for well over a decade. This might bring some excitement to computers again! By the way, I'm also super impressed with NVMe drives - combined with M1, wow the performance would be spectacular.
You don’t know how much I wanted to like the video forgetting that I’ve liked it already
I have never buy and would never buy an apple product...... But I'm glad that the hefty price tag of their products are put in good use (r&d)..... I read somewhere that manufacturing an iphone (maybe it's 8 or X i forgot which one) cost around 350$..... But they charge way more...... But if they are going to introduce new trendsetting products through costly R&Ds (both time and money) then, I'm ptetty glad there are many people who would gladly buy their products.....
15:15 Apple is the goat
CYCLE’S? CPU’S? Why is it that you, supposedly educated people, still don’t know the basics of your own language? Plurals are never apostrophised (barring some exceptions). You should write simply CYCLES and CPUs (CPU being an acronym [for Central Processing Unit]).
I think that in the end, the argument still is: for the price of an Apple laptop/computer, you can build a PC ten times more powerful than whatever Apple can offer :/ Oh, this is 2022 btw. I have to use the most recent Macbook for work, and it's just generally awful. I am having problems with it I never had with my use of a Windows machine.
They made is smaller
APPLE would need to LOWER THEIR PRICES to some realistic amount before I would even consider blowing my wad with their GOUGING practices.
OH MY GOD BATMANNEY "COLD FUSION" WILL MAKE THE WORLD FREEZE AGAIN TO RECOVER FROM YHE COW FARTING GLOBULAR CLUSTER FUCK OF A STORY ABOUT APPLE ARM PIT ODOR.dislike dislike dislike tHANK yOU.
TAKE AN APPLE AND PEEL IT.......WAIT FOR IT......IN ONLY A FEW HOURS IT TURNS BROWN.... GOT IT .....NOW THROW THE FUCKING THING AWAY.
I love the use of Computer Chronicles clips👍
60  fps  on LOl  is garbage that so bad,  the game not resource intensive at all
So...if Apple can make money by replacing the cpu in a computer with a mobile's processor What about tv's?
Reason for not to subscribe to Morning Brew? RSS readers.
Thank you for ceating such information and  high quality content videos each time.
well this didn't change the game too much huh
So now you can over pay on hardware for a shiny logo and play pc games from 2009, man where can I sign up?
i came here to say that now over 1 year has passed and nothing has changed. just another chip on market. yes it is good but it really has not changed anything what i see
So ... ARM chips comming to Nvidia RTX 4th gen cards ? Because once these card out as they are now, they will need a very own nuclear power plant to run them ....
this video has aged very poorly lol xD
@3:06 you compare Photoshop and Lightroom Classic as if they were the same program with comparable performance. Whether you meant to or not, its a bad-faith comparison.
Some of these comments display a lack of technical knowledge, with added condescension,
Both had a place and have a place. We wouldn’t be here without CISC, but also without RISC.
M1 ARM chip based servers and network infrastructure.... oh my! Can you feel it?
Before ACORN, the MOS6502 had a reduced instruction set pared down from the Motorola 6800. And it's still in production, too.
You could spend $3-$4K on a laptop with the M1 if you absolutely have to type on the train or you could spend about $1200 on a mac mini with M1 with 8GB of ram, a little more will get you 64 or more. I have a Logi Master3 mouse and Apple keyboard and 42" Samsung display, less than $2K and that includes Apple care, so I got a matching iPad for traveling, also with M1. I use photoshop and the new chip is truly snappy. Startup in less than 30 seconds, and video editing is a dream. I'm not, have never been a first gen buyer but they had me in mind and the M1 is cheaper than a less-equipped Intel. I literally had to buy it. The only downside is upgrades are out, so I'll just get another one. This is my 3rd. Add a 2TB external hard drive and everything is in the cloud anyway at Adobe and Apple. I do have a Pixel 6 though and the syncing is instant. Bookmarks, passwords, everything.
Amazing presentation. 💖
Are the ARM chips multicore?
Window Vista on a Dell laptop made me go all Apple!  😂😂😂 That was a nightmare of computing garbage!  I've never looked back.
An ad for Apple!
Lol and what happens to this oh amd ryzen
*watching this in 2022 after intel 11th and 12th gen blew away the M1* lol
Mobile will get better however I just came from apple website trying to buy an Apple desktop and they still offer Intel chips for Upgrages to this day.  The M1 is impressive but I don't think it is worth the asking price.   For a few dollars more, go buy something more powerful.   Just my opinion.
Please make an update with the M2 chip
Apple lost my small business $$$ over their scandal. I never got a cent.
LOL, Apple is destroying Intel.  Someone took the latest macbook pro with the M1 max chip, that absolutely destroyed a $50,000 28 core mac pro.  Rendering a 8k video, the mac pro took 40% longer than the tiny laptop with a single M1 max chip.
How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry? i think its more about we want more money, and only for us. Forget 3rd party repair or any repair. we own ''your'' ..ehm our stuff forever!
too bad is a mac
To explain how great the ARM chip is, video uses old clips from the failed PPC chip. lol
apple's processor is the reason why i buy Iphones, my iphone 11 since its release is still performing like a beast to this day.
Apple are just paying influencers to hype up this cpu.
This is nothing new at all. It is a return to where apple started using risc architecture. They caved for a while and adopted intel's cisc architecture to enhance cross platform apps but they are returning to where they began. Just ask Woz.
apple sucks and is a totally chinese company
2:57 one is photoshop the other is lightroom, they work totally different! VERY MISLEADING! That's what happens when you are a potato salesman with access to youtube, for some reason you think you can review tech.
This is so full of shit. The SoC is available in micro computers for a very long time, all Apple did was scale it up to their laptops size. The point you're missing is that it's impossible to expand their memory, replace parts and add storage without either buying a new one, or connecting external components. This is nothing new, and the whole reason why PC industry is not doing that is the fact that it's not scalable as a solution. You have to manufacture end product in certain quantities and sell them. SoC also has its drawbacks, and that's why it took them so long to get to release point, as they require 10x more testing than any scalable solution, due to the same reasons that any error in design or architecture can't be fixed by replacing a single part of it. Apple fanboys will always be fanboys - always missing the bigger picture. Now try to repair broken laptop with M1 - this is exactly what Apple was aiming at - you just can't ! I will never support Apple.
Outsource chip manufacturing to others like Samsung? You mean TSMC, right? Perhaps you should do a video on TSMC - the big elephant in the tech space.
The term isn’t “two times as fast”! It is “twice”.
LOL m1
x86 is outdated technology. x64 replaced it. Please update your information. You're welcome.
Wait wait wait wait wait just a fucking second here. They forgot to connect the ARM chip to power, and it FUCKING RAN CODE? ARE YOU FUCKING TELLING ME FUCKING RANDOM ASS CAPACITANCE ON THE BOARD WAS ENOUGH TO KEEP IT GOING? HOLY FUCKING SHIT THE DUDE MUST BE JOKING I cant believe you moved on from that segment so quick, that shit is legitimately absolute insanity
im soo relived and happy that i bought an iMac 24 mid version than going for a custom built intel windows pc
It's been a year and I don't see the "Entire Industry" changing.  This video is nothing but plug for Apple which is the greediest of all greedy companies.
Apple simps incoming🤡
Nice to see Gary again RIP
Go Android! Apple is soooo inferior!
I remember watching cold fusion back in freshman year 2012 happy to still the channels growth and success!!! Keep it up de gogó
Very nice video. Intel is unified general purpose accelerated computing. Arm is task specific targeted computing.
Where do you source all your research from? You level of detail in your video's is awesome!! Thanks, and keep up the great work!!
ARM CHIPS changed the INDUSTRY - NOT APPLE!
So many things wrong with the video...the analysis is about 2" deep. Clearly CF doesnt understand the internals of a CPU. 1) there haven't been internal CISC x86 chips for around 20+ years. The argument of CISC vs RISC is moot - its all RISC, just in x86 there is a decoder block that takes about 3-5% of the CPU power (hence the loss in efficiency) 2) x86 architectures goal is peak performance / ARM is efficiency - we still see that x86 outperforms ARM in this aspect hence Mac Pro's use Intel Xeon (server grade) chipsets 3) PassMark Intel vs AMD CPU Benchmarks - High End - > find Apple M1, it is middling performance looking at comparable CPUs 4) About your friends Hackintosh...I made one way back, and they have serious deficiencies based on the fact your using hacked OS w/ hardware that isnt optimized for the OS. I would never compare performance of software on a hackintosh to a legit mac, makes no sense, not to mention the fact he was comparing a 2019 3950X to a 2020/21 Apple M1 Pro - which btw, the 3950X still outperforms the M1 by a factor of nearly 2 in aggregate scores. 5) The greatest tech advancement in the last decade is all SSD related - in the last 5 years, we went from 6GB/S top end SSDs to now 300+GB/S SSDs. Thats a nearly 50X improvement. Its not even a discussion really - all CS is pretty much in agreement that most improvement in performance has been related to memory, not CPU or GPU, though between those two, GPU beats CPU by a large margin.
Yup, I always wanted, and lusted for, a 486DX100.  Wound up skipping it altogether, but sometimes I think I might hunt around and see if I can scrounge one up somewhere.  Nostalgia.
High quality indeed
my dude afterI spent 8000 dollars on my top of the line rig before it was delivered to my house it was already out of date, phone will never catch up
What did i just see!? Max 737 cleared for take off!?
Just wait until quantum chips actually start taking off. Imagine an infinitely scalable chip. The ability to simulate galaxies will eventually be within our grasp. Both exciting and scary (if in the wrong hands - which most often it is).
I really dont like the argument nowadays that intel is faster now, well yeah 12 gen is a nice jump, but its still nowhere near apple in performance per watt. and sure desktop you can warm your room as much as you like, but in the laptop space, or even sometimes in the desktop replacement space, apple is king except in a few cases, and the moment they start supporting external gpu.  things will absolutely change.
lol wait for AMD 5nm chips. AMD 7nm is still far superior than Apple 5nm!
Thanks!
Say what you want, but if nothing else, apple values privacy, unlike google and Microsoft. You can only avoid tracking to an extent, but apple will not sell your data or give it, even under coercion, to the FBI.
Risk is so important with innovation. Businesses and people who don’t take risks and attached to new technology, ultimately end up lagging behind and failing. Risk is in human nature, and if you have the means to do so, risk it, but do so in a calculated way
Any fool can make something complicated, it takes a genius to make something complicated simple.
Did they? It seems that the whole world is still using x86+Windows combination.
wow. I used to think apple were techie snobs. but I do believe their products now... watching this is ...  shocked!  but they still need to make customer service a little bit more better, and to have trust in that RTR would help even further then proprietary repair...  because of how it can improve reutilizing old tech and recycling is good for the earth!!!  Rather than not being attentive to repairing at a lower cost for their customers and or recycling gold, minerals, and silicon!   latest and greatest is not always gewd!
to many lies, and yet not the fastest... still going forward how // how about the Amiga.. Also, they didnt make any of the chips , by the way intel owns arm. Itanium is way better, Its called hindrance of tech.  thats why they dont want you to get along then you wont know the truth. Accorn didn't event Risc are fen kiddin me. Accorn got sued by Amiga ,yes that is true.Apple asked for Amigas help three times.. financially. Its like dam cant even get this straight
I'll Buy a MAC  ARM based Laptop When they make one of 17.3" or bigger is Consumer Upgradable in Memory & Storage.  Come on Apple Really Pound Intel's A$$.
To infinity and beyond.
High quality content = cold fusion
This channel is one of a million
Wow that comparison with the chart on disruptive technology is insane
It doesn't have peak desktop performance inside laptops or mobile devices because of the insufficient cooling power(laptops always have worse cooling than properly designed desktop PC cases). The higher temperature levels will throttle down the performance. But it'll still be better than what it was before.
Okay... 17:00 to 18:00... Holy shit. I know Apple bionics are the best, but arent all the top ARM mobile CPU's also killing desktop video editing? My pixel 6 pro is ridiculously fast with video editing, compression and export.
12:18 I should also point out that he was the first Intel CEO that wasn't an engineer, he had an MBA. And you know that was the beginning of their downfall.
To be fair, Intel was focused on stock buybacks!
Thank You Apple for Starting to Enforce the Facebook Terrorism of the internet
They should put an M1 chip in a Phone 📱
The problem with ARM is the high licensing cost. I'm hoping that open source RISC-V will soon overtake ARM just like ARM overtook the x86. I sincerely wish AMD and Intel will migrate to RISC-V and develop its full potential instead of switching to ARM.  To ColdFusion channel: Maybe it's time for you to make an in-depth analysis of RISC-V and evaluate its development and technological future. I can't find any RISC-V videos in your channel
bought an M1 for my daughter last month. https://youtu.be/EHE6UVxRLZA
Great production telling the story of these chips. I'm excited about M1!
Is there an update to this that includes the M1Pro and M1Max processor?
I didn't even know they still made desktops. I haven't seen one in at least 15 years. Maybe I just don't spend enough time in government buildings.
Correction. It belonged too intel and more so then AMD was actually a stronger chip all the way too 2001 ish 2002 but your bang for the buck was still with AMD. Exp with OVer clocking.
I have a feeling they stole or are using some of AMD infinity fabric that started with their rizen & thread ripper chips that released a couple years ago. Blew away intel. Intel is still yet toi answer for this release.
...chips made by ARM, which is owned by Nvidia....
Man i miss NOVA 3  basically mobile halo
Interesting that they chose to use Intel to compare to the M1 chip, and not AMD's far more powerful Threadripper chips.
TSMC advanced manufacturing process changed the entire industry. I guarantee you 5 nm M1 is no match to 5nm AMd in power, performance & efficiency.
The title is click bait-ish Shame
Just don't like apple and the tesla modle of we own all the pieces and repair stations.
Maybey its faster cause windows isn't running something stupid in the background did you run these tests on Linux system? Everytime I'm going why my computer just slowed down its trying to update at the same time I'm running high end graphics computation and this is one of the only things I can turn off manually to get performance back though there must be how many stupid programs running while I'm using it instead of going while I was dishes.
I love how these guys do comparison tests: they just run a video on different devices and compare how it looks, lol, mate, maybe you have a miner on your PC, how do I know that your fckng computer is really slower than iPhone. Where is the real data, you are talking about tech with a serious face and you do not provide absolute numbers, just percent (oh, wow, it became better 100%... how I can compare anything when you do not expose absolute values?).  Do you, guys, have an engineering background, for me you look like an absolute amateur.  Is that possible that companies like Apple pays you to spread bs like in this video?   PS. If iPhone is so powerful, just plug it into your desk monitor, take the keyboard, mouse and be happy
If grandmother had balls it would be a grandfather
It isnt "simple instruction sets" it is "reduced instruction sets" and tho faster they cannot handle "threads" like an Intel and they cannot multitask and use other channels in the same CPU. Even tho the risc-based chips have multiple cores, they cannot operate independently as can an Intel chip.
Young women trying to copy Boy George from the 1980s is sickening.
Wow my friend keep telling me to get a mac after m1 comes out, after watching this im more convince thx for the video.
I'm really happy that apple did this with the processors. Next will be the graphic cards. No more enormous, power hungry cards. I honestly consider our current graphic cards to be outdated.
Android has helped me make it through the years with its open source software & it's willingness to offer many products for free before deciding for myself what is the best to buy & or use. Amazon apps are laughable & Apple apps are actually good but can be frustrating if your not willing to pay because of not knowing what to really expect from them. It's good to know what a really good apps expectations are before wasting time & money on a crappy app
Apple owe their success to open source. The main reason behind every other reason (they have their merits too), that allowed them to innovate this much, is their foundation: BSD, Unix, Darwin, Mach, NeXSTEP. These open source or partly open source projects were/are lean and are written in highly optimized, low level code. This is why Microsoft's Windows will never run as fast as macOS on same-class ARM hardware (and it's been proven when MS tried and failed).
CAN INTEL ADAPT? Or will they go away like KMART?
Why isn't Apple making GPU's, already?! We have plenty of cpu's. The performance per watt efficiency is great for mobile computing, don't get me wrong. More supply and competition in the gpu market is much needed, as well.
As always, Apple uses technology made by other companies and claim they did something great. So funny................ I actually wonder if there is any company out there that contributed less.
Competition will not come from it.  Nobody will be able to compete with this piece of silicon and competitors will be left in the dust.  Soon, Apple will have their monopoly, primarily due to marketing, sexy product design, and the inflow of billions of dollars from kids who wanted a "gucci" product.  They took this money, invested it into R&D and will reap the rewards.  Apple is fundamentally a marketing triumph.  They made products people wanted to buy and it worked, even when they had the inferior product technically, and at a higher cost.  This has now become somewhat debatable.
They did WHAT? They did nothing, they just licensed something and put it in their machine, every other company can do that in a few weeks.
This has convinced me to look at the ARM (vs. x86) for my next laptop.
I will never spend money on Apple products, since they exploit asian workers and then sell in the western hemisphere at enormous margins- with no real sharing of their profit with the asian workers. That's modern slavery.
You youtubers have no Knowledge other than geekbench. It does not give desktop level Performance, only  partially comes close in a few superficial benchmarks and workloads and thats it. Throw any real heavy multicore workload like rendering and it falls behind significantly
Lifelong Intel user, now moving to MacBook Air M1. Well done Apple!
Surprise! Another incompatible chipset
Kudos for showing Gary Kildall! That guy is the person who showed how a 'operating system' could enable software to run on different machines. OS between quotation marks because Kildall never said his CP/M was an OS. Another kudos for showing the Computerphile interview!!!  In 1992 I used as an undergraduate student some SUN workstations with X-Windows running on RISC chips.
A year later nothing at all has changed. I guess thats how apple changes the game forever. also microsoft already did this.
6:23 to think this man was deceived by his friend (Bill Gates) and died in such a bad way, but had such vision about hardware, it breaks my heart
the year is 20-22 Apple have just reinvented the Chromebook
dont care. im never paying 1000 for a phone that spys on me.
One year later, the video title is pure hyperbole.
Say what you want in the disclosure statement.. but getting sponsor morning brew and using source material from conglomerate media tech outlets.. this is more like an apple comerical.
A very fascinating chip... I must say. It is faster than the competition. But what is Apple doing with all that power? If Jobs were alive, you probably would be able to make satellite calls with it. But it seems like with every iteration of the iPhone,  you lose a feature. Hell... you don't have a fingerprint sensor! It's like having a 1000 horsepower engine and don't have the matching transmission to apply that power to the ground.
This is a nice documentary of the utter stupidity of business execs. All of them.
Sure it's a huge jump but top-end x86 is still faster. The big problem is Intel was sat on its hands for 8 years and AMD is giving them a kicking, unknowingly Apple has come in from the dark to give them both a kicking. AMD didn't have to money, and I think Intel the sleeping giant is now awakened.  Also in terms of GPU rendering Apple, AMD and soon Intel aren't even close to Nvidia. Sure AMD is close to Nvidia in rasterisation, then consider ML and RT. Nvidia is at least 3 generations in front for ML and 1 generation in front for RT. Then consider the other markets Nvidia is in and how it is deploying its GPU particularly for AI. No chip manufacture is even close.  I'd look at the Apple benchmarks again, they used M1 Max on Metal and 3080 on OpenGL (dead API). When the 3080 is using Vulkan or Cuda it utterly destroys M1 Max in some cases by a factor of 9.  Oh and that was Laptop 3080 and not 3090/A100 class GPU which are more appropriate for those workloads.
🤩wow 😍
the only problem is that tecnology came from a company thats abuse a lot on prices , if it came from any other it could be more acessible
Now if Apple put ALL the ports they removed back into a machine like the Macbook Air that the majority of us can afford, THAT would be 'innovative' and 'revolutionary' !
It could be argued that the M1 is the first and only innovative thing Apple has done since Jobs died, unless you include increasing profits to record highs while removing basic functionality as innovative. There has been some return to sanity with the macbook by finally putting magsafe and hdmi back in them but no Usb3 which 95% of us still use daily nor does the Air have any of them back. Apple still have a LONG way back to their former glory, yes the M1 is the biggest advancement since the core2 chip and 3nm is even on the horizon but the bean counters running Apple now need to stop breaking what isn't broken and return to updating things based on merit rather than just to sell more product.
1:55 Complete BS juts like the whole vid, discreet GPUs ignored as if they don't exist, although they are what desktop PCs are all about. That's why the creator made sure there is no footage of an actual desktop in the whole vid, that would remind people of those big powerbombs there with all the fans being the real reason for having desktop rig. Photoshop, videoediting, 3D desing, gaming, all supercharged nowadays by that GPU, not the CPU.
Was it made in china?
Today I joined Classes to learn HTML 😂😂😂
mobile chip with desktop performance, yeah maybe desktop performance from 1970s, even my old ass yee yee garbage LG from 2011 has more power than the shit apple throws out at their sheep
This is why Tesla, Meta etc are developing their own chips
Doesn't matter how good their designs are, I still won't buy it. They will always find a way to screw the client.
answer = they are kind of ASIC + on 5nm. ASICs are like Linux distros, a headache for developers and consumers alike. They need streamlining, of some sort of standardization, but are great for application-specific tasks. And, considering that most of the usage is around content and media x86 is bloated in that regard. I hope intel and AMD focus on arm -ish architecture for consumers and keep their x86 or hybrid for HPC stuff.
It's not a recommendation to buy apple products but Apple stock
Garbage hardware!!!!!!!! NO one should support  Crapple because their hardware creates the most garbage and pollution due them forcing their hardware to be serial locked to the Board. Apple isn't worth 2 cents. You can't fix or replace parts.. You can't even swap out parts like mice or keyboard. Or if your screen goes bad you can't replace it..
In the original Star Trek series, there was an episode, "The Ultimate Computer"; the Enterprise was put under the control of the M-5 computer.  The M-5's designer, Dr. Daystrom, was asked what happened to the M-1 through M-4 computer. Daystrom said that these had problems, and were discontinued, culminating in the M-5.
💜
I hope Apple absolutely kills Nvidia.  That's what I can see coming and I'm salivating.
ARM held back everybody but Apple. We could have had this a long time ago. It's not revolutionary it's actually just making up for lost time because of business deals. As far as mobile and desktop is mergence Google actually did this with Chromebooks when they opened up Chrome os to Android apps. Also saying as fast as SOME desktops is pretty loaded. Surface uses a crappy Intel IG so it's really easy to beat. Also Android is actually way ahead as it can run on ANY CPU already while IOS was never designed to run on anything but a very specific ARM cpus. But I know people really need a win for Apple.
Intel was always kind of crappy if you were an engineer and had to program for it. The really got the big start when IBM chose them for the IBM the PC and run Microsoft. The underlying crappy just got hidden over by power and market share pouring money into it.
#AppleInc - hands off from #AppleMan !
Plagarizm from Microsoft and IBM. Apple is a scam. You pay for a name have zero controle. Cant reason with zombies regardless
The best Apple product I ever owned, was a Franklin. Yea, go ask your Grandparents about that one... You're paying a premium to play little OS games, add another 100 bucks a year for Windows Emulation, and you'll be able to play about 20 real PC Games. Ohh, you really owned us PC Users...
Apple has the chip to rule the personal computer / devices world and yet they have an extremely limited product line-up.  Where is the M1 27 inch IMac or M1 desktop?
"RISC architecture is going to change everything." - Hackers (1995)
I'm a proud Linux and Android user. I found your video quite informative and enjoyable.
I don't press the SUBSCRIBE button often, and almost never click the bell icon. Before this video was ended, it made me click both of them. An engaging full of research video. 👍
I could give a shit Apple, Tesla, and others are evil giants. spearheading the no right to repair movement. Soon thanks to them you won't even be able to fix your car in your driveway. Fuck them and the people who use their products.
Aka morone chip.
Great I live just 2 miles from ARM's Cambridge site. Woooow.
They still suck, over priced and still behind. The only thing they changed is the price tag
this video paints an inaccurate picture of how performance is between PCs and mobile chips
Hahaha yeah right 🤣
Typical apple gets credit foe products they dont made 😂😂😂😂 tsmc a15 ia worst soc evrr made overheating 😂😂😂😂 garbage
Apple ia know liar copycat theif apple know how to milk their dumb customers i laugh so hard on poor apple customers who paid alot money for crappy Chinese products 😂😂😂😂😂
Madw by tsmc sells like apple product pathetic loser company people belive in apple lies 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Go to comment Only praise without explaining Yeah totally not geek bait with bot comment
The thing I know is that Intel can turn up the heat when they feel is necessary. But I’m excited for these M1 chips. Great video 👍
Intel Core processors have been RISC technology for over a decade now.
Be very surprised if Intel puts a killer mobile SOC onto the market anytime soon.  But, when Intel fields a mobile business unit with culture and staff drawn from mobile culture outside of Intel, adding Intel employees as 'virtual interns' over time... then they will have a BEAST!  Still... be very surprised.
I can’t stand this guys voice , fff, ttttt , sssss,,   Ahhh
Shill much
My understanding is that it was Apple's A4 CPU, used in the iPhone 4 and the first iPad, that was the first CPU that was designed in-house.
Did he said without a fan? 🤯
Intel/ AMD needs to get their crap together cuz I just like Apple computers. I am a windows user
Almost a year and a half now since that chip appeared, and still nothing "changed in the entire industry" LOL
That chip did not change the industry!!! Apple changed the industry by making "designed obsolescence" popular.
Found funny how people can believe in things without a question... by instance, Photoshop for Windows aarm64 did not exists as the time this video was created and, Windows 10 on the Surface X Pro was running only rather aarm64 or x86 applications. The comparison is totally unfair.... don't look to be a serious content.
How did Apple do it? They have a chit ton of money.
The PowerPC for the Mac ran on a Risc chipset, then they switched to Intel when Motorala did not update the PowerPC chip fast enough, and now Apple with the M1 chip is going back to Risc. Back to the Future.
*and here's extremly smooth* proceeds to only zoom in and out a bit
I as a person who is totally disgusted by anything apple related am mostly curious how are ARM chips progressing outside apple's world. Would be amazing to watch that comparison, if I can have this on my linux machine without buying apple device and changing OS.
By having it stuffed full of application specific accelerators and cherry picking those applications when advertising performance? Because without hardware acceleration, M1 loses to mobile intel 11th gen in raw performance. And the GPU performance is more like a mobile 3060, not the 3080 apple claimed.
Truly changed the Industry , man i wouldn't be able to live without M1Chip , but what i also wouldn't be able to live without is 1500$ , so until they make iPhone that  you can eat , i cant send that money to them or ill end up hungry .
AS long as government offices here do not bother maling anything compatible with Apple it Will never be anything but a teenager toy
I'm still waiting for "the Change of the Entire Industry". Maybe a tad overstated?
Hewlett Packard had their own RISC architecture called PA-RISC used on their HP3000 and HP9000 (Unix like). Was quite innovative in the mid 1990s. Some successors in use until early 2000s according to Wikipedia.
Apple didn't change the industry. ARM has been around for a while. Also, Intel has been working on ARM and SOC tech for longer than Apple. Having said that, they are all working on it. It's just that Apple rushed it out just to say "first!". This was the way the industry was going for a while now. Apple just wanted to beat Intel. Look at Intels hybrid 12th gen.
I never thought I'd learn so much from this vid, I assumed it was just a spammy subliminal ad... but I'm glad I watched it, very well done.  the PPC g5 was insanely fast for its time. I didn't actually know its architecture was ARM, I thought IBM had a different architecture   the m1 is an amazing chip, I'm not a mac fanboy but I did buy (and am posting this from) a base macbook air model, simply bc performance to battery ratio is superb for somebody that has to travel a lot
We finally got our reconsideration funding yesterday. It hit our bank overnight. What a wonderful way to start the year. Thanks Andrews from Loan Arranger Limited for helping us get to the Finish line with a business loan after months of disappointments. You guys rock!
Thanks!
Now they are in your vaxes, if you want real progress, read a book.
I don't care what apple does I will never buy apple products, Never.
My favorite things about m1 is that my staunch anti apple friends are just outright in denial that the m1 is revolutionary .
now all we need is a couple usb ports, a usb port, a hdmi port and a baby fan
humanity chasing its own tail and not even knowing why.
helping mind moulding expensive toys for profit and control by cretins who consider themselves intelligent.
A windows user.Helping Bill Gates reach his sociopathic  plans of genocide and crap computers.
Dude showing the application off didn’t use the same image or test(drag left and right on windows, zoom in and out on Mac)
Apple didn't change the industry, they only refreshed their product line. AMD and ARM changed the industry,.. others are just secondary.
Does anyone remembers the Atari Transputer? I saw that run in 1988 at the Cebit Messe. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atari_Transputer_Workstation). Based on basically RISC chips, a machine full of farmcards did things back then that rivaled some modern video cards...
You lost me at 'everyone hates Apple these days', or 40 seconds into your video.
Missed opportunities Personal computers: Digital Equipment Corporation PC operating system: Digital Research Smart phones: Microsoft
I have the M1 Macbook Air, and i’ve played high graphic games with it, and the laptop only got slightly warm. And it did not lag.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO3KeISFVzQ
Never forget that the investors are from North America, they never left  They just left other compete,but the future tech belongs to the USA,,chears from El salvador
Its 2022 now and i realized they havent changed anything.
How Apple Just Changed Their Entire Industry
14 months later (after this video), Apple has gone nowhere with its new M1 (zero industry change that I can see), click bait title?
Why then is it so hard for us to get our friends to become even mildly as enthusiastic as we are?It's simple objectives aims to cover and guarantee profit when bringing people into the bitcoin/crypto revolution. You might think that dropping jargon like "decentralisation,block rewards,satoshis and the federal reserve" in your first few sentences when describing bitcoin sounds awesome but your mates doesn't.Once it's over their head.This of course is a good time for me and its been going on for months now since I heard about Armstrong peters and signed up with his trade program. He provides trade signals and within my first month, I had turned in profit of over 4 btc from a meagre 0.13 btc under his instructions and daily signals. He has been mentioned to several traders and most Youtubers because his trading strategies always provide guaranteed profit.This current price position doesn’t make any difference as anytime is good for trading. Armstrong can be reached via telegram  @Goldsfolio On assistance on all crypto related processes.
you keep popping up in my autoplay. your videos are good for listening to while im at work. thanks for the upload. also, subbed
Actually Google did it first with the Chromebooks. Apple was forced to go with an M1 chip because it is Arm based and can run IOS apps. Sound familiar? Google already did it with Chromebooks running Android apps. Should help with the gaming on Mac OS.
Watching this on one. Macbook Pro all day!..
Let's Go Brandon, Let's Go Brandon, Let's Go Brandon,
Great presentation. Very excited for new toys..
I just wish that they abandoned the walled garden philosophy
They didn't.
I still hate Apple. I bought an iPad for my daughter, within 3 months the charging port stop charging. I've tried to bring it into an Apple store to get it repaired. They said they cannot repair it and you have to buy a new one, but will give you a good trade in value which was not even a third of what I paid for it.... Their business practices are borderline predatory, and I never bought another product from them ever again.
Didn't MIPS (also RISC) predate ARM?  by a few years.
1 year later intel finally got it’s finger out of it’s ass and finally making some progress tho still not figured out it’s power consumption watts per performance way behind still and M2 just around the corner
such quality documentation well done
How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry? Slave labour.
00:19 is that a macbook pro ? if not what is that laptop ?
How does no one see this as Apple just going back to Power PC... RISC tech has been around since the 70s... How is this company like teflon don? Steal other people's work as your own, rinse and repeat... 🙄
This shows you a company like Intel can take their fat heads out from their A&*. With all the money they had poured into BS advertising and lies about the speed of the processors. I remember the first Pentium chip you could cook eggs on the heat sink and ran windows if it was a pregnant rhino running from a lion.  The only good thing about the Pentium if you live in cold regions of the world they make good space heaters while you surfed the net.
Of course, I’m watching this on an iPhone 12 mini. Why not?!
Is the World a changed place now?
Oh cool..  another apple product that will shit itself at the first sign of an update.  Well done apple.
Even for everyday tasks like surfing the net, preparing presentations or sending work emails to colleagues and clients, the M1 shines. This is a chip for the everyman as much as it is for programmers and data scientists. I am very glad I bought the MacBook Pro in 2021.
I won't touch an arm based computer
Lovely advertising.
It's a year later, and the industry is the same. How did they change it? Maybe they just changed a tiny little part of the industry, is that what you meant by the 'entire industry'?
Way back in the 1980s our own scientists said that they can compensate the limitations of the early ARM-RISC IC chips by using it in a customized "PARALLEL PROCESSING" computer architecture based motherboard. They did it by hand and it worked! But it was during the Cold War when this was achieved and everything was just simply covered up and carefully preserved, mothballed, stored carefully and the original scientists (all of whom are still alive) went on with their Baikal IC Chips, then came the collapse of the Soviet Union and the chief leading scientist of the Baikal microprocessor project (he is not involved in the project of the younger generation of scientists at that time of using ARM-RISC IC chips in a customized "PARALLEL PROCESSING" computer architecture based motherboard) was pirated by Intel and this Russian scientist practically used his military IC chip technology to boost the Intel Chip into becoming the number one IC chip in the desktop and laptop computers. During the early years of the 2000s the "TRANSMETA" IC chip was developed and it was again used in the same early versions of the customized "PARALLEL PROCESSING" computer architecture based motherboard and it still worked wonderfully.
awesome work, once again
This is my second time watching this video. I just remembered the product placement of a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor running the Jaeger in one of my favorite movies, Pacific Rim. In hindsight, that scene would have been cooler if they used the M1 (which, to be fair, wasn’t around then).
False advertising / headline. Apple did not change the industry..... They continue to be a niche player in computing. Rest: overpriced product. just hype.
Only if they lower the price on their products and open up the platform for developers . Charging over $30 for a cable that costs 50 cents to make .
It's nice, now do a video about Tesla Dojo, the actual step forward, releasing the shackles of legacy.
Very informative.  Thanks for sharing.
battery chip need more to get rid off charging cable
My 200cc motorbike beats Ferrari Pista 488 at the first 5 meters of a race.I guess it is better than ferrari by your point of view Jonnathan Morrison.
pcmr rules tho
Alien tech 👽
Apple just rip off other peoples ideas. Their chips were built by Samsung so everything they have now is just a redesign based on that. Nothing revolutionary and yeah mobile phones can be desktops if you put a keyboard and a mouse on them. Get over it.
my 2 year old MBP... still amazing .. will upgrade ... someday
One year has passed, and I didn't noticed the entire industry has changed because of Apple. These bombastic titles like "this will change everything" are just ridiculous.
Laptops - Nah, I'm more a desktop person, waiting for someone to do a motherboard with this type of performance, although that's probably going to need someone like Qualcomm  to bring out a chip with M1 levels of performance. Otherwise I may just have to jump from the Windows ship and get a Mac mini.
Very good video! M1 chips are amazing!
ColdFusion, Back to the Future
Like Tesla, Apple is entrenched in China. A big market, with all the risk.
This video is pure marketing with lots of glossy language and vague claims. Mobile equates to lower wattage and so reduced GHz. Few real time tasks are directly related to GHz and those that arn't have been highlighted in this video. Most relate to graphics performance, which are not performed in desktop processors. The M1 ARM processor is very good and presents a reduced heating performance. (although my iphone can still cook when apps are not closed!)  Suggesting this is the resurgence of RISC, using very selective graphics tasks will not equate to the demise of the existing desk-top multi-core/simd architecture, where ultra low wattage is not a requirement.
Hewlett Packard went with RISC in their Precision Architecture minicomputer 3000 series.Wonder what happened to them.
I kinda had this idea way back in 2016... What if we put Snapdragon 800 series chips which are already pretty powerful and capable of mostly all types of programs and apps we need in a huge laptop frame...?
RISC dominated data and graphics processing right up until the 2000's.  At one point every major gaming console was using IBM's RISC processor.  In fact, the CISC chips only became ascendant as Microsoft  adopted the IBM PC architecture.  The creation of Linux really put a damper on the RISC architecture.  Intel CISC processors had become a commodity and Sun Microsystems and IBM had treated their RISC procs as high-end, high-cost offerings.  It's nice to see the RISC model having a comeback.
Very interesting presentation. I bought my first 486 100MHz Intel PC with 2MB of RAM in 1990 or about that time. A few years later I replaced that PC with a Intel Pentium 75MHz based PC with 4MB of RAM. Today, I have a Dell PC with a 3rd generation i5 Intel processor and 16GB of RAM, a dedicated AMD graphics card and 1TB mechanical hard drive. The performance was not great, very disappointing to say the least. Then a miracle took place. I cloned the Windows 10 installation from the mechanical hard drive to a Micron Crucial 3D nand SSD. The performance increase was dramatic proving that the bottleneck was not the aged i5 processor, but the mechanical hard drive.
Very good video as always
It reminds me of how technology, like the evolution of the species, follows more and more divergent yet towards the common desire to create more efficient and/or more capable versions of the species.  That's why we need constant competition and the "DARWIN  MINDEDNESS" to make the most of our "finite" resources
Making super speedy to the processor is one thing , but we must not forget apple's insane product cost.
I still prefer desktops over laptops for their open architecture and design, customizability, and superior airflow which reduces stress on silicon and unleaded solder prolonging the lifespan of the whole machine.  My only real gripe with Apple is their anti-consumer practices, overpricing, and how they handle their mistakes, and dear god there's a lot of 'em.  Otherwise, their operating systems and closed ecosystem are fine, they're just not for me.
Apple is been made fun of for years as the products for rich kids, all blinks and no performance, well no longer. Intel=next Kodak.
Totally unrelated: 15:58 I see that you reduced the photo exposure by default. So my iPhone12 isn't the only one that gives washed out photos? I use the exact same setting.
Notice how he had Among Us on his launchpad. That's a modified computer; Among Us is PC-exclusive.  It gets 2% compatibility with previous Mac-compatible apps. Devs are dropping support for macOS by the thousands.
You have a right to the object you purchase but not the liability or brand of the company behind that product.  These same apple haters have no problem with similar restrictions or limitations in game consoles, cars, electric shavers, etc. Fanboyism is just another form of religion.
Thanks!
you shuld compare Mac to Xbox an PS5 and show the diference where you have specific hardware design to specific software design
Watching this is as entertaining as watching a "Sham-wah" infomercial! I am ready for my lobotomy now...
You know channels like yours, Jake Tran, Sidenote etc are putting so much valuable content and information out there. These are the videos that is keeping YouTube alive. Its a shame that this generation is sucking on to influencers and tiktokers whereas the real info is out here.. thank you.
Arm is not a processor type. RISC is (more accurately a computer architecture than processor type)
Great presentation. I remember RISC in the Sun Computers back in the late 80s / Early 90s. It was a revolution. I jumped on the M1 bandwagon the day they were announced. I immediately sold my 17" i9 10-core intel and my 13" int MacBook Air on ebay, bought a M1-Mac_Min and 13" M1-MBPro and had money left over. AND - both M1 computers outperform their intel cousins. I'm stunned the industry isn't more impressed. The media response has been near silence. Thanks again.
I find comments about RISC interesting. In the 1970's I was designing Reduced Instruction Set CPU's with discrete TTL and EPROM used in industrial applications.
Na its Apple it will go wrong as normal Faulty apple product only to the Claim they got way to repair it and try to up sell you with high repair prices. Apple my ass more like Sour cider !!!
How DID Apple do it? They lie and misrepresent, like always. Falsely set a lower standard and then overinflate your products specs to meet or exceed. Like always. Apple and iPhone customers are used to being told what to believe.
x86 maintains support for a lot of legacy hardware and software. Apple can and has started with a clean slate where backwards compatibility is concerned. Not saying the M1 isn't a great performer for the wattage used, I am just mentioning that it does not need to lug archaic backwards compatibility in it's instruction set.
Raspberry PI was the start, it had 64bit Linux OS, Apple as usual just grabbed the market, by Moving it's OS across, & jumping up the core count, buying 8/10/12 core Arm Computers is easy in China, just gotta be able to buy in bulk, If you have a bunch of Fan -Boys following you it's easy and Profitable, as they say, a Fool and their money is soon parted ...
rycle stock nothing to amaze still 1 gb ram in evry iphone same os same theme same blah blah cant install moded apps cant install software in mac old mac is just garbeg thow it and buy new one new cost in lakhs which is impossoble to buy still Apple why ? change your old school them join revolotion 2021 mi beats apple one year apple laruches 6 phone never in history this year they started dual sim phone omg apple is diying they need a doctor with death of steave apple thoery ends revolution is upcoming ASUS best beast laptop now with amazing factors
Amd better
I'm a long time Apple user and over the last year now have 3 devices with the M1, MacBook Pro, iMac and iPad Pro. Can't wait to see what 2022 brings with rumours of the M2 in a few months.
Hate to nuance the discussion here, but the M1 is only more powerful than Intel on the Apple platform. It's merely an optimized chip for the Apple platform. The real innovation is the low power requirement. However, you'll never see this chip outside of the Apple ecosystem, so the benefits are only accessible if you buy in to Apple to start with. This would be more disruptive on a global scale if the M1 could even touch the market reach of Intel in the desktop space. Alas, the M1 will limit itself to making Apple magnificent, not the rest of the computing world.
It won't be long before Apple claim they designed ARM and the cult believes it.
The real question to ask is how did Intel get so lazy for so long?
Watching from a M1 air, best computer experience ever, no noise, insane battery life, insane performance.
I absolutely hate Apple with all their proprietary BS
My concern about the chip switch is that Apple is also going to limit purchase of applications to the iTunes Store only. We will be locked in to Apple having to approve any application you can use.
Wow!  I gues Apple will be sending automatic updates to all the older machines to reduce their performance, to 'encourage' their users to upgrade to the new, flashy, fast *expensive* machine!
Why isn't this video marked as "advertisment" for Apple?
If Intel would have made chips for iphone too,  Apple silicon would have never saw the daylight......
I did not like Apple before, but m1 is an absolute beast. right now Apple has the best laptops.
This videos didn't age well.
The funny part is that, no matter what apple releases it never impresses me never will. And that's all due to their way of trying to control their customers. The only thing they pushed forward is actually suppressed competition by stealing designs and then patent them, just so they can sue something. I would love to see the M1 in a windows environment and other OSes, its easy to build hardware to follow a linear software wich is customized for their own OS
I own Intel and like Intel now but what a bone head move.  As for Apple no wonder that they are the biggest competition in the world.
bollocks if apple changed the Entire Industry then why is x64/x86 still the standard, apple sucks money from dumb ass normies.
Just a little note, the PET you showed was actually based on the 6502 processor, it was not an X86 processor.  Not that any one would care or remember...😊
how? whell, they didn't. All tech company's did it together. non of 'm chaged everything alone.
simply...they did not changed anything....
I don't intend to buy an iPhone, like, ever! Having said that, I'll have an apple laptop as soon as I'll be able to afford it. They're simply gorgeous!
I purchased a MacBook Pro with M1 Pro CPU and apart from the fact it is by far the quickest computer I have ever used the battery seems to last forever, I am one happy puppy !
MacOs on iPad?
Who Cares
Apple has from day one been an incredible towards innovation. Now with desktop arm chips it is about to do the same on laptops and desktops. Amazing
Super interesting video!!!  I’m guess Apple knows and makes employees read the innovators dilemma!
An excellent video presented in a captivating format; brilliantly explained. I'm instantly a subscriber and now know why I'm such an apple nut! Well researched, well explained; Everyone with any interest in computers and mobile technology can stands to gain from your vids. Thanks
The way I see it, clearly the biggest innovation was made by the ARM guys, a couple of years too early. Apple was just smart enough to use it :)
payback for the death of the power PC or G5
And here  i am with Ipad pro M1
i dont feel like watching the vid, can someone tell me what they did exactly?
I have learned so much for this video, thank you so much for putting great effort.
A few factual nitpicks here- ARM was not the first RISC: Sun Microsystems, Hewlett Packard & Digital Equipment Corp all brought out RISC platforms around the same time as Acorn. They all cameout of MIPS and the Berkeley uni RISC project.  Secondly, The Apple A12 etc aren't really ARM any more, they are optimised for phone/tablet use, hence why they outperform ARM which remains a general purpose processor that can function in IoT, Automotive, Industrial etc embedded systems not just Android. Apple has developed a bespoke ARM which is optimised for iPhone/iPad not much else. Not sure if taking the same route with M1 for computational use is going to yield the expected result everywhere. Definitely appreciate that it is much less power-hungry but Intel is still on 10nm SOS. When they get to 5nm like M1 (and SOS will always mean they are a process node behind TSMC and their bulk CMOS) then there will be a like-for-like (almost said apples vs apples :) ) comparison.
Trouble is, latest M1 Macs can't run Autocad/Solidworks/etc.  My student son has a old Dell R520 i5 that was obsolete for me, and it still gobbles up Solidworks for him whereas his classmates can't run on their fancy new M1 Macs.  Running on Parallels or a virtual machine for M1 is grindingly slow. It will  be years before they build up M1 code for niche programs, especially when i86 runs it perfectly well.  Who cares, even on a laptop, if it drains the battery in a few hours.  The battery efficiency of M1 is no use if you can't run the program you need.
Let Lenovo and Dell do the actual mashie! Apple sucks in pcb, case, displays and everything!
After 11 months of using a M1 laptop professionally, this is my conclusion: they didn't change the industry, they caught up with it. I finally have a Macbook that is as fast as any of my colleague's pc laptops.
There will never be a revolution in computing because all manufacturers want to maximize profit. Everyone will only just improve the technology enough to increase/maintain their market share. Any attempt to revolutionize computing would cause self-destruction.
Apple don't run servers. Internet runs on Windows/Linux
22:20 And the place 2 and 3 IBM Supcercomputers even don't run on x86, they run on POWER...another RISC architecture. The x86 Supercomputers usually reach their performance by accelerator cards only, not by the x86 CPU.
ARM is basically a Motorola design that started way back in the beginning of the 70's and in fact the concept was worked on in the 60's. Apple II's ran on RISC based chips so Apple has had many decades of experience with this design.
The interesting thing is almost all Macs and iPhones / iPads sold today have the M1 or Axx chips. In fact, I only own one Mac with an Intel. My iPhone uses the A12 Bionic, my iPad uses the M1, and my 24” 4.5K iMac also uses the M1 chip. Apple made chips are definitely working hard to force Intel to eat their dust.
I'm using the 10850k and it really is only a little better than the 7700k. Right now it's using about 23 watts to watch this video and some other common minor desktop tasks.
Why can't apple suspport enterprise so that I won't have to use windows laptop anymore. And why not gaming? I'm sick of bugs !
Watching this on iphone 13PM.. i remember back in the the day you were pushing note 2 as a pc and i was pretty convinced it was the most awesome thing! Now ive been editing/rescaling 4k 60fps in this very device at ease.. :) m1 and A15 are crazy!!!
You'd hope the guy who helped create ARM would be a billionaire by now.
False presence in the article is that Apple started the big - little core trend.  Apple took this idea from ARM, so a more accurate and informative commentary may cover how Apple took this and marketed it to shake up the market.
because intel got lazy
Cisc will always be the top chip for fighter aircrafts. Pls make a video about this.
It took me some time to realize that "day-parr" was actually "deeper"
The M1 is amazing, and it's only going to get better from here (and at a faster pace than intel/amd). However, I think it is a sickening trend to have memory and ssd built into the motherboard. Not only can you not upgrade your storage, but you can't customize anything about it. And when the RAM or SSD breaks, not only can you not buy something to replace it, but it can also cause the entire system to become unstable. Apple doesn't want you to have the ability to fix your own computer if it breaks, they want to sell you a new computer. And considering Apple's impact on other tech companies, this should be reason to worry.
This reminds me of when they were claiming that the ipad was as good as game consoles because of the 'retina displays'... back in 2012. Revolutionary means a significant change in current technology, not a new cpu chip dubbed 'M1' by Apple.
iphone faster than flagship android because their software is octopmize with hardware
FYI no thanks to Morning Brew as a sole news source, I prefer to get it from . . many different sources and compare results etc...Laurie
Epic stuff
Why can't I still play Star Citizen on a top of the line M1 chip though? I could see it being played in laptops as old as 2017 running nVidia 1070s. I feel scammed with the purchase
Keep it up, nice video, thank you for sharing it :)
Maybe they should work on designing a multi-core CPU that uses different arm core configurations so you can have a processor that's capable of doing everything from single threaded workloads to multithreaded workloads...  By the way Apple is good at stealing other people's ideas and improving on it but they are not innovators of technology... The reason Bill Gates screwed Apple over and copyrighted Windows is because that's part of Apple's company culture of stealing...
Processor design called ARM and x86.... I mean.... you need to read better stuff. None of the things in here are accurate.
I love my laptop, but its battery lasts only 1.5 hours with its i7 11800h processor, so I'd like to have a laptop this powerful with some decent battery life.
3:30 Correct! 3:41 Exceptionally correct!
Crazy how Intel use to be THE King just 7 years ago there were people talking about how they had an unfair monopoly . Then AMD got them on the desktop front and ARM processors got them on the mobile front and now theyre essentially fucked. Shit changes so quick in tech
i'd get an apple if there were games to be played with it.
INTEL doesnt like bench marks anymore??? Gee the same dirty cheating company that used to pay magazines and software companies money to fake there benchmarks in 2000 and 2012 to beat AMD the same strategy that Nvidia used to do to get that Nvidia logo on every game. ITs kind of fun and funny to watch Intel slowly go bankrupt. there not so great after all, a culture full of useless overpaid arrogant people that got beaten by a company AMD that had a 40 times smaller market CAP in 2013. you would think with a research and development budget 20 times bigger than any competition they would be impossible to beat but NOOO. To many know it alls at Intel and now they cant get out of there hole
If Apple started to sell their new M chips to outsiders, Apple could easily double in value while at the same time bankrupt Intel and AMD.
And the mbp M1 pro and max weren’t mentioned yet…
And people still say apple don't innovate.
Makes me wonder why we even bothered continuing with CISC after RISC became feasible
apple is worlds biggest scammers
I sad that it still need time to come in  affordable price. Not everyone has luxury to buy apple.
My main issue is the acronym "ARM" as it has an acronym within it, "RISC" and when it's all laid out it's: Advanced Reduced Instruction Set Computer Machines...  COMPUTER MACHINES!  Unforgivable.
All these great tech companies should just work together.
There something wrong when M1 so close of beating Intel and AMD chips in most tasks.
In my computer architecture class, a common question was, which is more recent, CISC or RISC, and almost everyone got that one wrong. People naturally assume whatevers more complicated must be more "advanced" or newer, when no, it turns out the innovation isn't making it more complicated, but doing more things with less instructions. Thats what the innovation is. That lesson ought to be applied to lots of things :)
Nice video needs to be < 8 Min. long.
11:21 great use of Emancipator - Greenland
Though Snapdragon 8CX was one of the first mainstream ARM chips in a laptop, it had issues with some X86 specific apps because Qualcomm didn't create a dedicated X86 processing core within the SoC like Apple did with their M1 SoC a year after.
I accidentally drained my car battery while running an Intel laptop for 15 minutes
After 1 year, what changed? I don't feel the change
PURE APPLE HYPE. A COMPANY THAT DOES NOT LIKE PAYING TAXES AND HAS OVERPRICED PRODUCTS. APPLE SUCCEEDS THROUGH ITS HYPE SUPPORTERS IN THE MEDIA. NOT SURPRISING. YOU WERE NOT BORN THEN, MAYBE. APPLE MOVED TOWARDS THEIR OWN ARM SOC, OBSERVING MANY INEFFICIENCIES AND FAILURES. WHY IS AMD RYZEN (RISING)? ARM WAS DESIGNED TO AVOID THE INEFFICIENCES OF THE LEGACY BLOATED INTEL X86. INTEL SOLVES ITS PROBLEMS WITH BRUTE SILICON POWER AND CLOCK SPEEDS. INTEL HAS NEVER BEEN ELEGANT. MOTOROLA WAS. POWERPC WAS. ONLY THE INTEL I960 WAS. SO, IF APPLE DECIDES TO TAKE CONTROL TO MAXIMIZE EFFICIENCE AND POWER, WHY BE SURPRISED?
Nexus programming
I do not like Apple.  Always changing their plugs.  No backwards compatibilty.  Make it real difficult to repair.  But darn!  The phone looks good!  LOL
I have a Mac Mini with an M1 chip. For all the good it is, they may as well have called it the M0 chip since I see virtually NO improvement with it over the intel chip based Mac Mini (which I owned prior to 'downgrading' to the M1 version).  Sorry, but I am super un-impressed by the M1. My 2011 iMac performs better than the M1 mac mini.
Love my Mac Mini M1, I just use it plugged into the 4k TV and no more desk, waited 20+ years to get a powerful silent computer. 😍
Isn’t this how terminator started
Apple didn't change the industry they just gave up with other companies due to supply and demand. They went back to RISC. Windows is still milking x86
Apple products: incredible  Most of their regular fanbase: oh hell nah
In the long run TSMC will be apple’s exclusive  advanced chip supplier
i returned a macbook pro m1. it cant run 32 or 64 bit
what the heck... this is already a year old
The CPUs in phones and those put in computers have increased at roughly the same rate. Most people just can’t afford or need computers with the top end processors. The top computer CPU’s will absolutely blow away the top end phone CPU’s. What has happened is the top end phone CPU’s are now powerful enough to provide the functionality most people need in their computers. Word processing, web surfing, low end video graphics and compiling can now be handled by the most powerful phone CPUs.
Apple, bitches. 😜
It’s like they say in school. Don’t fuck with the quiet ones. I guess the M1 is what happens in this case. I genuinely thought this was marketing. I *love* Apple, and I could not believe the M1 is real. That’s how huge this is.
apple proved it. who is from late 2021?
Dagogo, Thank You for your content & consistently high production values.  I always feel that time spent watching one of your videos was time well spent.  Keep up your superior work 👍🏼
ARM is not RISC.
Being as I was in The Valley in the late 80s and early 90s, I have to add you omitted SGI (Silicon Graphics) MIPS chips which were used to create the likes of Jurassic Park. ARM is NOT the only successful RISC architecture.
Can’t innovate anymore my arse😂
thanks to Acorn and the British taxpayers who paid for the original ARM chip (RISC) development.  Now the British taxpayer has to pay Apple a US company shedloads of cash for their RISC chip products... British  innovation handicapped by poor British management and lack of British business vision.... a subject i've been bitching about for decades.......
Luckily, Apple stays Apple, and they do not support dedicated GPU's, killing the prospects of their SoC.
Im going to have an Apple once M3 chips are released
it is not amazing ,when u run app via emulator (rosetta) ...i prefer the old school
No biggy... Intel will catch up soon.
The real question now is how fast will the industry pivot. There’s no central authority in the PC side that has Apple’s level of control. Microsoft is in the OS business so they’ll support both architectures, providing no incentive to switch. Intel and AMD will fight like hell to keep OEMs on their side. And Qualcomm is no match for Apple right now since they still mostly license ARM cores for their Snapdragon chips, only custom designing the GPU and modems.
*hackers 1995* RISC architecture is the wave of the future.
Just ordered the MacBook Air. I’m so excited to get it soon. 🤩
Since Motorola launched its Atrix in 2011 with a lap-dock configuration (to run like a convertible PC basically a KVM connection when not used as a phone).  I have been asking this (I am a nobody of course LOL) for almost 10 years as to why PCs can't run on ARM... Why do I need a huge tower... The industry (other than Apple) is extremely slow to change... I haven't in the past seen any innovation/change coming from other big guys... Unless and until Apple folks do it the entire industry just waits to innovate or change... the ARM processors are fairly cheaper and they are better... This was inevitable...  In a few years, Intel and AMD will be out of PC business or reduced to a lesser presence and when the ARM server chips get ready, they will be out of server chips too...
oh man..is intel going to be history now like kodak ? Who would buy their chips if everyone's making their own !
Apple's final problems to solve are upgradability and serviceability. The Intel desktop computer is easily serviceable. Desktop components can be swapped out and upgraded on the fly, thus reducing repair cost. Open-ended software guarantees that third-party software writers can examine the instruction code and rewrite the code for greater efficiency. Yes, even if Apple computers achieve the position of the best and fastest computers in the world, that will not mean much if you are hamstrung by a closed architecture system and high repair cost. Yes, I like Apple's improved speed. I also like the fact that I can upgrade the components in my desktop without costing me an "ARM" and a leg.
Thank you, Dagogo
M1 failed to solve one of my research problem, the MBA ran hot for 8 hours at 99% CPU and I had to terminate it to prevent any damage to the device. It was dealing with some graphs.
Democracy and power ended in the hubris of its proponents being destroyed by people described to be savages by a conniving group of doomed politicians who had finally lost the taste for aggression, and now have become unable to withstand said savages, this has been seen to be repeated in the west.
How many times can you change "everything" ?
Apple is not actually using ARM designs except for the ARM Instruction Sets.  Apple licensed the rights to create ARM clones that can run the same instructions as ARM64 but everything else can be completely unique to Apple's designs. This is why Apple's mobile SoC processors are dominating over Snapdragon and other ARM mobile processors.  They can manage power at each section of the System on Chip (SoC) but also right down to individual transistors.
Blunders like Intel happen when you hire MBAs to do your job. Some mba may get lucky but in general they are far behind any good engineers with a big brain.
Apple changed the industry some time ago.. we can now buy expensive computer products that cannot be repaired by a third party, but instead, encouraged to buy a new one.
7:41 relatable
Apple dont have fabs?
They did it again with M1 max and pro chips. Insanely powerful and efficient in power management.
I wish i could hook my phone to a big monitor and and keyboard then i would have no need for a laptop.
Bloody hell - why would you make a blanket statement about x86 being a desktop CPU and then swing all the way back to the 70s and introduce a Commodore PET that had a 6502? FFS - spend more than 5 seconds and flesh it out a bit more.
Focuses too much on Apple and less on ARM, real driver of change is ARM
So what did it change exactly hmm? You have your heads shoved up your asses. It did nothing. The M1x did nothing. And the M2 will do nothing. its all marketing and the MARKET itself is worse off than its ever been, and its so blatantly obvious.  So Ill ask again, what did this chip do?
So if it indeed uses such low power then the power supply components will be cheaper right and those savings will benefit the consumer right?  :-)  Go to any airport lounge and see all the apple lovers plugged in desperately trying to charge their devices.  Hats off to apple marketing in suppressing common sense
I've had ARM based "server" at home for 3 years. I can't wait for x86 to die!
All I know is that back in the days of Microsoft XP, Windows worked perfectly on a standard off the shelf average Laptop. The difference today is using 64bit Windows on a standard machine doing standard things has become diabolically slow and awkward hence why I quit Microsoft for Apple. Apple stuff just works and it’s quick and reliable. It was good move on their part to also design processors specifically for their hardware and applications/operating systems.
Intel has $61 billion in current assets.  They can simply buy ARM upstarts and fully compete against Apple, TSM, Qualcom, Broadcom within a couple of years.
What is crazy is that Intel had a mobile Arm SOC called Xscale.  They sold it
the cpu in my base model m1 MacBook Air is better than the cpu in my $2500 gaming pc. insane
As an Apple user I found this development pretty exciting.
They changed nothing. Why would you pay for an overpriced pc like this.
Well done, interesting   will give you some love .
Chinese
Should be great to have an update of this video now that M1pro and Max are out ..
Please !!! Re-edit this Video with the new M1 Pro and M1 Max.... cause this chips are serius... with video capabilities
6:20 somebody: Gary did what?? Who did he kill??? Gary Killed all of his family before Christmas???  Oh Gary Kildall's family is coming before Christmas  Sounds good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrZwTe0OpFc
You mean apple will totally increase market monopoly and piss over consumer rights more?
Samsung will  beat both  Apple and Intel.
15:50 yea. but the multicore performance should be counted too.
So Apple pulled the same trick as Tesla. Took an average product and made it outdo others. I wonder what else they have brewing in their R&D department.
Great review 😎
I had an IPad that Apple decided to force an upgrade on.  I never had a security code on the IPad.  After the upgrade it insisted that I enter my security code to unlock it.  I never had a security code so I couldn't get back in.  I have info and pictures that I don't want to loose, but it seems the only way out is to do a full factory reset.   Good bye data and good by Apple!  Never again.  I don't care how fast they get.
M1 may not impact much to overall CPU industry. The reason is simple, M1 will only be run on MacOS in which can ONLY be found in Mac. Both Intel AMD can be run on multiple OS including MacOS, Windows and Linux.  M1 may seems outperform AMD and Intel on MacOS, but when doing apple to apple comparison. Let M1 running on Windows 11 instead, it does not perform that well.  Simply put, no M1 chip will be running on Windows. They simply locked themselves into their own Apple ecosystem. Not everyone like MacOS, in which they will have to purchase either intel or AMD processor only. PC builders and pc manufacturer does not have the option to select M1 chip at all.
@coldfusion the 10900k, when boosting, consumes (according to tomshardware)  more like 250w
It's only a matter of time where risc architectures change things.Arm still dominates risc.Once we atart seeing  risc 5 chips front he open market.The next few decades are going to be a computing revolution.
Would have wished riscv would have been a little earlier. Than maybe we - the consumers - could enjoy all the benefits apples arm platform brings to the table on an open ISA.
Apple has always shoved the industry forward
M1 is like asics that are far faster in certain tasks than a typical intel and amd chip. Because it doesn't support extended instructions like AVX2 or AVX 512 compared to amd or an intel chip. They can't do many things a desktop processor does. They are optimized for general use and only the general use. If you are a low end programmer you don't want an apple chip cause you can't compile extended instructions on m1. Likewise asics run so much faster because they only do one thing and one thing only just like gpus can perform simple tasks so much faster compared to a desktop processor. M1 hasn't changed anything. TSMC changes everything. And intel or amd can easily produce the same level of performance for much cheaper and efficient than apple does if they abandon avx instructions which take a lot of die space. M1 is a half decent cpu that is fast in certain workloads but it can't perform everything a desktop processor does. It's an arm based cpu and it should remain as arm based. Everybody ignores how hard it is to support every single instruction set while maintaining competitive performance. No apple does not beat intel or amd. It's far from that....
Thanks!
Imagine Apple went with AMD instead of Intel... not GPU tho
A then in October 2021, Apple introduces M1 Pro and M1 Max - which ended up being 2x and 4x faster than 1st gen M1, which was already much faster than Intel's flagship. X86 is dead, ARM is the future.
ARM for mining crypto
23:41 - 23:45  That's crazy. TWENTY FIVE years ago he plotted this behavior and it literally, to a T is represented by past Ten year comparison of Apple and Intel silicon.  Now granted guy, theres still a lot of things in the way of getting into a full blown RISC powered world (more so than we are now) and that's compatibility. If we can properly and quickly have a software compatibility layer to operate x86 OR even take x86 and have a hybrid CPU (Hello AMD chiplets?) We can have a native x86 - ARM beast that can is super flexible, powerful, functional AND finally, FINALLY truly efficient.
More like how tsmc made apple chips better
Hard to be jubilant when you're priced out of the race.  Maybe 5 years before we'll get any affordable mass consumer access to the new tech.
I got my MacBook Air M1 base model 8GB, 256 GB SSD in march of this year and I usually use it throughout the day, web browsing mostly YouTube just to pass time while Im home out of work recovering from work injuries, the battery usually lasted me about 14 to 15 hours with the screen brightness on low level between 4 or 6 with Big Sur IOS. Now that I've updated the IOS to Monterey version 12.0.1 the battery lasts  me about 20 plus hours with the new low power mode on , what a improvement...!  from Big Sur . Also it fixed a few issues I had with Big Sur for some odd reason I couldn't connect to the App Store at all while on Big Sur but once I've updated to Monterey it fixed some of the small bugs my MacBook Air had, so far Im very happy and impressed with the newest IOS.   Apple did me right, Im absolutely happy with this machine.  Price wise ....... hmm very expensive for what the specs were, and being very difficult to upgrade the SSD and RAM unless you're an expert at soldering .   Scores         4/10   for upgradability      9.5/10  for the IOS easy to use/ eye appeal       10/10  for the built quality / durability         7/10  for price / and affordability
I love your channel and greatly appreciate the way each episode is designed to enrich the viewer with knowledge and bewonderment. ✓
Now even Google went to their own design ARM chip in their modern phones!
Hate when people make these horrible compariosns, for example in the one at 16:00. "We are going to compare two different CPUs in performance by running the same test on both! The only difference will be the OS, the software, the action, and literally everything. The file is going to be the same tho!"
I hope Microsoft will work out transition to ARM in time so we don't have to move to Mac in order to stay up with the pace.
So informative. amazing
This is one of the best explainers out there. Now here we are with their new set of processors. The M1 Max has been a game changer for me. I've been able to use CAD in a VM, while using Xcode, all on battery without my legs melting off.
Intel, AMD and Qualcomm should join forces now.  When they come together they can rival Apple.
Intel HAS to move to ARM now. You cannpt ignore this. We need ARM for windows desktops with interchangeable parts and real GPUs
anything from Apple is probably just a big smoke selling marketing bs
And haters say Apple is no longer innovating lol.
The Leauge of Legends use to "benchmark". Leauge´s optimization is really bad even on good "windows" machines. Weird choice xd.
They didn’t change the industry. But they proved gpu and cpu Manufacture making cpus more power hug is stupid and there is a possible way to make it power efficient.
9:26 "Simplified CPUs such as ARM generally will do one simple instruction per clock cycle, while Desktop CPUs may use many cycles to complete one complex instuction" ??? Absolutely not. What is that even supposed to mean? x86 processors can do complex instuctions in a single cycle, while ARM would have to use multiple cycles to do the same. That's literally what 'reduced instruction set' means. The reason ARM chips are more power efficient ist because they are slower and smaller than x86 chips.
only broke bois hate apple
bruh apple should sell their chips for building custom pc's like intel as apple dosrnt really give us that option when building our own pc
Although I will never own an Apple product ever again, I look forward to someday building a monster gaming PC with an ARM chip and insane graphics card.  I could see a time coming where Steam would primarily run in a Linux distro on ARM, screw Apple (although I can appreciate this news and good on them for pulling this off).
Lol I think an update is due 😅. I would love to hear the facts about the M1 Max
Apple doesn't even fab there own processors
I can't believe how many people hate on the M1 and make claims how a 5980 which draws as much as 60W is "still faster" than one that draws about 10W.
Can thisis m1 chip be used on future gaming consoles ?
Can't wait for your next Apple Silicon video with the new M1 Pro & Max
M1-Max is revolutionary.
I've never had an iPhone, but I'm happy Apple has done this
where is the video release date ?
@13:10 PA Semi was not specialized in ARM CPUs but rather Power Based CPU (like PowerPC mentioned in video).
Hm... video does not mention key event in ARM history: Apple Newton. Strange...
What are now your thoughts about M1 Max/Pro chipsets.
Plot twist he is paid promoter of popcorn
so you are saying that my intel pentium is so old that its crap so how am i playing mw2 on it?
PCMR fanboys in shambles now that the M1 Max is a thing.   Good thing cry is free.
The problem with the ARM system is that you currently dont have the software to use these more power.
lol at the MAC NPCs thinking this video is unbiased....that phone vs pc export .... the phone had video encoding acceleration lmao
And Apple just announced the second generation of M1 and wow that’s all I can say
Who is here after the M1 Pro and M1 Max unveil 💥
Who is here after today’s Apple presentation?
I LOVE APPLE!
It’s freaking amazing how far we have come with chip technology. I mean my iPhone 12 is so much more powerful than my MacBook Pro 2011. In my opinion, Apple hardware really wasn’t ever compatible with Intel and I am actually excited and cannot wait to see the future of this technology evolve.
Here 1 day before M1X launch
I would honestly buy an apple if they didn't lock the user in their ecosystem. I want to have my gaming pc, i still want to have my OnePlus 8pro just because of the system, i love it, i want to have my gaming laptop. Now if i buy an ipad i that i actually would like to buy, i wont be able to use it with rest of my stuff which means that i would need to swap over 5k€ worth of electronics to use fkin ipad properly. (Also my keyboard and rest of the stuff might not be compatible with apple, but not 100% sure. I am never giving up my Corsair keyboard and proteus core mouse, that thing feels as if it were made exactly for me.)
I never liked Apple but always said I would get a an ARM laptop once a decent one came out. Apple's offerings are more than decent, unfortunately Apple computers lack something that no ARM chip will ever provide: Freedom... I can't run Linux on it :(. If Apple were to revive the OpenDarwin project, then we would have a serious Laptop.
Time to upgrade.
This was epic! Will share with my friend thanks a lot. BUT. I must say I am dissapointed you are using information you got from the verge. This is a notoriously unreliable party, only focused on viewing numbers not accuracy of information. Go find their pc build video and reviews of that. That says it all.
I debated between an Intel iMac and new M1 Mac Mini...went with the Mac Mini. Glad I did. It's insanely powerful for the price/size, and I can hook it up to any TV or monitor I wish going forward and will be fast enough for me for years to come.
Very enlightening. Simply by upgrading my phone a couple of times, I had a subconscious awareness that mobile processors were catching up to desktop performance at a surprising speed. But I had no idea they had come this far.
I think intel is long dead. Amd released a strong apu that can even play cyberpunk gta v etc in 1080p, apple released the m1 as a laptop master chip with 5w tdp. I cant wait to see what the future holds for us. I think amd will respond to apple with something that you can game on with no sacrifices in terms of tdp and performance.
Samsung  in there phones it a pc and a phone they copy Samsung  all the time
And it cheaper but i love it
Same way samsung  did with dex
Nope it’s because people are so shallow. Apple pisses me off with things they do. But I like apple. Microsoft annoys me because they do things that they shouldn’t and they know better. I’m like why. I love their gaming consoles. In the end the varsity is good
The app aren’t running better on the ARM processor because they are so fast. The speed helps but apple put a cheap in especially to read and convert the software so arm could read it. Something Microsoft didn’t do.
I say continue the law suit against apple and make them pay damages.
Apple is lowering the App Store prices because they are ripping off developers. Why should a developer have to give apple 30 percent for doing nothing. Just allowing a user to download a game. It’s Epics lawsuit against apple which helped bring this about. Apple should only be allowed to charge 10 to 5 percent. Apple didn’t just decide to lower the price. Legally they had no leg to stand on. They were and have been in the wrong for years. Like for blocking Microsoft’s Gamepass app. Because apple doesn’t want users to be able to play games from another company on their devices without apple bleeding them for money. When Gamepass can be played without apple. Gamepass is a self sustaining service by Microsoft. But apple wants to shake companies down for money. Like the mafia.
An important bit of history was left out: ARM was founded in November 1990 as Advanced RISC Machines Ltd and structured as a joint venture between Acorn Computers, Apple, and VLSI Technology.
Does anyone feel like Apple backstabbed Intel?
keep up the great work
Lack of ports is a good reason to avoid insular Apple crap. Moore’s law will close the speed gap soon
This proves just how much intel and windows suck
One year later, it’s hilarious to see Intel’s ad campaign against Apple. It looks like the beginning of the end for Intel.
Thx mate, very interesting.
I'm just waiting for M1 MacBook 16"
I congratulate you for developing a micro so powerful that I will never buy due to its closed license, cheers
Fine grained clock control, stop clocking when not in use.
RISK has always beat intel CISC. So Apple abondoned the PowerPC RISCK way back.  more memory efficient software would be a Plus, but no Marketing want crappy software (Windows)  smart phone needs transparent link to your desktop (that is just sitting there)
Try a Wolfram Mathematica benchmark on the Intel Mac Mini and the new M1 Mac Mini. Intel still wipes the floor with the M1. The M1 is 3 TIMES SLOWER in matrix multiplication, which is a very important operation. Apple Silicon does not have AVX (advanced vector extensions) nor the highly optimized Intel Math Kernel Libraries that Intel CPUs have. The same is true for AMD. Neither Apple nor AMD nor ARM have built decent math libraries for linear algebra. Apple Silicon is for toddlers with Fischer Price laptops (with the level of intelligence of i-Justine) as far as I am concerned.  ARM is great for low power compute, but ARM needs to create better optimized math libraries if they want ARM to be used for anything relating to high performance computing or scientific computing.
im literally blown away
Snapdragon 888 laughing out loud.... ahahaha
Same like other chips nothing special ! Ibn has 2nm chip already ,its better than m1 chip lol
Yeah buddy, Apple didnt "cHAngE tHE iNDUsTry"😂😂
Watching this 10 months later and now I'm wonderfing if other computer manufacturers have jumped onboard and are producing  computers more affordable than Apple. Thank you for your amazing work, Dagogo!  Love all your videos!
Lol wait a few months and they will come with a M2 chip but in different colors.
Dear ColdFusion, Thank you for the wonderful content always. May I request you to do a video on Qualcomm.
The problem for enthusiasts is that, you can't really game on an apple computer. You CAN but you can't get the GPU power like you can on PC. So while they may have a crazy good cpu, you can't use it in conjunction with a GPU to do high end gaming things.
23:43 that is absolutely incredibly. Not just that, the accuracy is spot on.
I've hated apple all my life. But I made my friend buy a MacBook Air, because of M1. And had I not bought a new windows laptop last year, I would have definitely bought one for myself.
NOOOOOO.. they don't!! they just rob Huawei HiKirin9000, mod it and deploy.. tadaaaaa-..
M1s would be coming to iPhones soon
It's nice to see that Apple, no longer in Steve's hands, it still revolutionizing the way we live. The M1 isn't a sexy as the iPod, but it is far more consequential.
Is it possible to have a computer that uses ARM when unplugged, but a separate x86 chip when plugged in?
Child: apple is so expensive... Apple: buy us or fuck off
When I heard there is no fan.... I was literally blown away.
Beating a 125W CPU at 5W - incredible. There's really no other word for it.  That said: WHAT THE **** IS INTEL DOING?!
That is pretty incredible...<checked my loaner/project Macbook Pro...Nope year before but a core i9 ain't too shabby.
Try scientific simulations and virtualization on ARM based PC and you will feel guilty of not having x86.
Who was that female, drop the @
my question is, does M1 can run 24/7/365 like Xeon?
Ya, and I decided my desktop days were over, and moved to California in mid-November 2019, after buying a new laptop with only battery power and processing power as my main criteria… about a month later, I bought a new IPhone. Then by November 2020, I moved to Silicon Valley. 😂🤷‍♀️ Seems like a no-brainer to buy an Apple laptop next… ❤️‍🔥 It has exactly what I wanted. If your laptop runs out of battery, then it’s not a laptop anymore. If it needs tons of fans it’s big noisy and hard to put on your lap. They solved all these problems at once. 🤔🧘‍♀️ This is my second comment. My first was 9 months ago. Safe to say I can’t stop talking about it. 🗣 I finally got to legit use that emoji!
15:24 now put A15 on this chart
Yea apple chips are great and small But does mean they reduce the price to customers? Or they will take the money and invest it to make the chip even more smaller until when
Apple uses garbage processors. AMD and Intel are shoulders above. The only redeemable quality of Apple products is that a chimpanzee could use an Apple product.
Thanks!
Apple A & M1 chips are an absolute beast which are revolutionizing the way computing works...A14 Bionic is clearly faster and more importantly much more power efficient than the best Intel have to offer at the moment and now with the A15 that rift is only going to widen...way to go apple
Apple, of all people, lucking into this is *tremendously* upsetting. Garbage, overpriced, massively unethical shit company. Apple needs a serious looking at in many areas to bring it in line with the "regularly abusive" companies - the average, abusive company. I don't like this :-\.
Giving apple credit for something they stole the idea from lol? Linux community did this crap a decade ago, followed by nvidia, then microsoft surface SQ1, and now apple finally caught up after the technology developed for 10 years lol. Apple didn't really do anything they just showed up late for the party after everyone else did the work.
What a surprise that Photoshop runs like crap :P
I show Ex-Apple Employee Exposes Apple M1 Chip’s Secrets in chrome news and came here to but still no video on YouTube
"to be percieved as netter, to a non-suspecing buyer", ye and having increased instruction set doesn't havy ANY  adventages? And was x86 doing it for marketing purposses only? Your documenting, has nothing to do with facts  since a long time. You create hype, that's Your job, and it sucks to see Yiu change so much.
By not reading x86
Apple -collusion with NSA, hired cyber security of NSA, partly due to bank investment shares by us military navy banks -intellectual property and economic espionage -slave labor -raising prices of devices -slowing down performance to force obsolete older devices -update to force obsolete -app monopoly -accessory monopoly  -colluding with senators and big tech to protect monopoly and criminal abuses -betraying steve jobs who refused to collude with bankers and their racist agendas pandemics  etc  -tim crook molesting minors -calling their own customers stupid for asking them for their password and machine password during app installations. Should i go on?
The main issue with ARM in the past, is that it required "way more memory" than the CISC CPUs, and memory was really expensive. CISC CPUs required less memory, so it made them better (and cheaper). But as technology got better, prices for memory went down, and opened the door to the possibility of using RISC CPUs (such as ARM) more freely, to the point that today, when memory "is not important", it can be implemented.  I never liked Apple in general. Besides the Ipod, I've always thought it was an overpricing company with not that much innovation. Until they came with the M1. The new M1 may be super powerful, but not that useful. And don't get me wrong. I think it won't be that useful because of the other side of the coin: The software. The problem with disruptive technologies is that the market needs a time to adapt to it. And that's why I think the M1 may be an "undermined" CPU. But I expect that by the time of the M2 or M3, the world will have adapted and we'll be dropping the CISC system (x86-64, AMD64).  Lastly, next disruptive change I guess will most likely be quantum computing CPUs.
M1 is weaker than amd 5600x
I don't care how good Apple  gets, I will never buy an Apple PC until they add a Delete key.  EDIT: 25:03: THEY ADDED A DELETE KEY. HYPE
m1 best thing apple did  after  jobs gone
A year ago they did release a great CPU, what will they do now it is a different story. The competition is getting tougher and the A15 wasn’t a big deal, so probably the M2 won’t be a big deal either.
maybe compare it to amd lol
13:41  I code in Swift! Well, I code a few languages: python, swift, c++, and Arduino
Video title is bullshit. Just marketing. Other cpu producers are children ! Bullshit
Nothing changed.
0:39 dont really feel the same about that one hahahaha
Maybe Intel must release a new X99 Architecture that will also be compatible with the previous X86 architecture & ARM arch, and also keep the license open source, so we can have the same apps on mobile and desktop.
I bought my new MacBook Air with the M1 chip a couple of months ago to replace my 2015 MacBook Air. It runs like the the Flash versus the turtle. My M1 MacBook Air has no fans, thus it doesn’t get hot. My battery life is like 10 hours of watching movies/YouTube/YouTube tv. I’m a airline pilot flying long hauls. I never have to worry about battery life. Even on a twelve hour flight.
Apple is changing your lives..We no longer talk about the software and what it can do.Now because of Apple’s change you are talking about hardware as if you are a computer company.Does the average person who buys a laptop worry about the CPU or GPU.Apple did this for their own reason as they wanted to run laptops and computers with the same software as a smartphone.Thus making a laptop a large mobile phone.
bro now our next step is apple integrating a gaming friendly ecosystem in their products and then they have won
I love Apple
I’ve know this for years.
It’ll be relevant when in gets into windows os systems until then ppl who like criminally overpriced computers can do whatever it is they do with those things
I learn so much from your videos, thanks
Not a single reference to Acorn can be found in the Wikipedia article on RISC...
Oh…they’re going to overcharge for products while also providing less than competitors?   nothing new for Apple 😂
I love apple products.
I think the reason it's easy for me to dislike apple isn't their dedication to technology or innovation, it's what they do among the industry to keep IP firmly in their hands, and how they treat customers of their products. Innovation isn't apple proprietary sorcery, it's technology. I don't like their approach to recycle and repair, wanting to push out new products and wasting the old.
L
But, still expensive as hell. When that´s going to change....
oof some people used this as a resource for a presentation, and its.... kinda misleading, showing a single core performance only estimate and telling people that "this is it, look at how much better apple processors are" when for 15 odd years the direction of both soft and hardware is to multithreaded workloads, ARM in general is already and will be a mayor player, but this is just straight up missleading. I mean there is a reason why billion dollar supercomputers use gpus and cpus with A SHIT TON of cores an threads, and why data centers use modules instead of a few really powerful cores.  PLEASE do not use missleading graphs like those in your videos that millions of people watch, thanks. Edit: In addition to this, i believe neither of the architectures are the future, with quantum computers being a thing, and everything shifting towards cloud services, the actual power of your own device will not matter as much anymore, as long as it can handle the operating system and browser based apps itll be fine
In a few short years, the mac mini will be replaced by an iphone.
Best channel ever! Everything about CF is exquisite 💯
I don't get it, I using arm for data processing before , but the performance still far below compare to intel cpu .
why are the macbooks with i5 i7 i9 more expensive?
magic
Instead of the intel route of spending millions on trying to get a "diverse" team for woke-coins, Apple just hires the best (when it comes to engineering etc). Its not complicated.
hm...where to throw my money at....
In the last few years, we've seen mobile technology surpass desktop/laptop technology. So, putting "mobile-powered" chips into desktop class devices seemed crazy at first, but with M1, we've seen a remarkable level of power with no compromise to battery life. Something we've already witnessed for years with the iPhone and iPad's A-powered silicon chips. M1 has literally pushed the computer industry forward to depths and realms that we could've only dreamt of just a few years ago.
Intel is crap lol. They had like 5 years on everyone and squandered it
i'll wait maybe around 3-5 years until  - all apps i use are compatible with ARM processors. - cheaper alternatives. $3k for a laptop which is not even upgradeable. right now i use 32gb ram desktop
Apple had influence.
15:15 don’t miss this clip
Intel, like all good oligarchies has become a dinosaur - a fossilised, bloated hot mess unable to adapt to changes in the IT environment. Yep, when profit is the laser focus of an organisation it ceases to innovate.
Awesome documentary! Guess I'll get me an apple to run pc apps. Wait, should I?
ARM IS NOT Apple
Well done analysis. My M1 MBP is a killer compared to my previous Intel MBP. Better in literally every way.
So basically in the future it would be apple vs amd not intel vs amd
2077: scalpers and miners uses phone for bitcoin mining.
apple changed nothing, everyone still use  x86, there allready faster mobile X86 cpus in the market, not counting desktop cpus or something like epyc that is 10-100time faster... m1 come with tons of limitations and its not universal.
Man you revived my love for apple! Great video!!!
Oh hooey - those demos around 3:00m?  Com0n - you've got different graphics adapters - it's hooey.  Oranges and Butter.
I'm thinking VR headsets
This is just a beginning, don't jump on the trend yet, when an ASUS pc will get arm will be amazing performance at half of the price
meow
It's easy to match desktop performance when desktop performance has been stalled for 10 years.
I really want competition of m1 in arm architecture..its time for x86 to rest..
I have a cheap intel celeron powered laptop that I bought back in 2016 for 250$. The laptop is struggling to open multiple browser tabs, while a 250$ phone in 2021 can do the same but without any problem even when requesting desktop site. Now the laptop function is only limited to printing documents. Technology is moving fast.
Off course the technology is amazing, it is why people in the graphic industry trusted their guts to Apple and also Adobe all these years and were willing to pay the extra price not just for the logo. But it should be 'right to repair or a fast CPU' when it can be 'right to repair and a fast CPU'.  it still doesn't make sense to me to when I buy, and let's make it clear not lease it, a product and with the increase of the price we also pay for the development I can't have access to the whole product.  They make already a shitload of money on all cables (€25 euro's for a Iphone charging cable which production would cost maybe €2 euro at most) so why not give someone the right to repair or let a genius do it for a normal price.
It would be cool to see if Apple would sell the chips to 3rd party OEMs... I'd love to see Microsoft develop Windows for the M1 architecture and be able to buy a non-Mac powered by an M1 :P
If ARM can be applied towards AMD's cpus it could help solve their heat problem myth.
rot in pieces, intel
I'm hoping to see some mainline ARM development resulting in similar (x86 beating) performance to the M1 available in a wide variety of end product laptops/desktops running Linux. That's when I jump the x86 ship. I hope it's soon. The power advantages of ARM are just too impressive to pass up.
I've always preferred the iPhone over Android, but in terms of most Apple products, they're overpriced and offer few advantages over competitors and too often I feel people simply buy Apple products because of the brand loyalty and the supposed prestige.
Intel needs a serious shakeup before it dies a slow death. It's barely hanging on right now and it won't be long before being overtaken. Too often, behind the curve in recent years and considering how much it spends on R&D compared to its competitors.
Damnn Less pixels
Intel is so crap today ...
before this video I was an apple mac dismisser, basing my claims of apples use of the intel chips as a benchmark for their m1 mac. But now I have been enlightened, I will from this point onward begin considering apple as a worthy adversary to the pc market, and am holding out for the day they start competing with Nvidia.
I think there will be a place for big screens and keyboards for atleast a couple of decades more. When phones allow you to do work and school work comfortably and gaming through something like Oculus then sure, computers will be replaced altogether
Imagine doubling the battery life of your product by designing one of the components yourself like WHAT.
This was so interesting. Isn't NVidia angling to get ARM ?
For those who say 'that's impossible!' at 8:35, the original interview clarifies that the ARM chip was running off the signal inputs.
Nine months later and: 1.  NO one is talking about Apple's M1 chip. 2. I still haven't heard one person in the real world mention Apple's M1 chip. 3. Apple's laptop market share remains at 7%-8%. Further, proof most tech YouTubers are sponsored by Apple.
Say what you will about Apple, like how their products are not as innovative as before or ridiculously expensive, but when it comes to Chip designs, they really are in a different class altogether.
It's funny that while watching through this video. I saw 3 ads on Intel CPU. Someone asked what Intel has been doing all these years. Now I have the answer, they have been busy creating ads.
Me after seeing this video: I'm never buying Intel CPU's in my life ever again.
Nvidia bought ARM
Meanwhile A country far far away which we know of but shall not be named for politically correct reasons but shall be called "Wee Steal and Wee Cheat" is busy trying to hack to gain intelligence on these type of break through's/things (and others) because they cannot compete on their own and need to steal.
Just take a look at Gary Kildal.
Try 2-3GB file to compress. Rar for example. Let's see the comparison.
What if they develop a GPU
Sorry im not buying the propoganda. It was AMD that did all the rnd. Amd has blown intel out of the water. If Mac had anything at all here, they wouldnt have just 10% of the market.
If you really want to get ahead in this industry you need to look at the human brain and study the way it processes information. We are the ultimate Ai.
Though long , it is one of the best videos from your channel highlighting the technological evolution. Super interesting... Thanks. 🙂   Though I prefer freedom (that's why it'll always be Android and Windows for me instead of un-upgradable , irreparable , super-expensive Macs and iPhones) , credit must be given to Apple and ARM for the progress they've made in the last decade or so. Smartphones have indeed become primary computing devices for most people since 2013 for sure. They can do everything a PC can , except being more enjoyable to watch photos and movies. Of course , this is where tablets come in. PCs are a bygone era now. Nobody wants to stay connected to a wall outlet now. We want a day worth of battery life. And while it's amazing to see how fast and versatile today's SoCs have become , it is a bit sad that we don't get to see longer lasting solid state/graphene batteries and we're still stuck on Li-Ion.
8:21 how is it even possible? chip runs without power supply, does this mean it had power stored somewhere? battery may be?
I’ve been using an iPhone 6s for 4 years with no problems, apart from the speaker during calls.
Stop the annoying clicking and booming in the background
The charming thunderstorm repressingly point because turret conversly sip forenenst a able lizard. tawdry, mature clave
It was made in China so plenty of espionage and stealing
Alot of google is bloatware.  This should probably be the industry norm.
If Apple were to allow owner or 3rd party repairs, then I would buy the macbook in a heartbeat, but as we seem to only rent the machine from them, it will not happen soon.  At this point, my next laptop will be an AMD chipped machine, as long as the screws holding the bottom cover are standard philips or torx and the supplier allows me to buy individual components to repair the machine myself.
Say in one word : *Apple has a plan*
If they let me upgrade, my PC. I don't care who makes it. I'll go with the fastest that allow upgrades.
🤔because TSMC is #1 in semiconductor, maybe?
WELL WHY DID  A M I G A!! Kick a s s for so Meni year's
Just a quick note, x86 is dead for nearly a decade and ALL desktops are running their OS on amd64 architecture (for which intel has to pay royalties to AMD to have support for it included on their cpu’s, and they hate it!)
Let’s be honest most computer geeks loves the complexity of computing to get a sense of superiority and pomp. But simplicity is the key for success for any technology.which Intel fail to recognise.
Yes they are hated for their pricing but they have always stuck to their simple philosophy of providing an eco system which most companies are try to copy.
Feels like where going back. But multiple (Intel) cycles to RISC (single cycle), but many more due to the chip staying cooler, makes sense
Today I'm purchasing my first Macbook air in pink colour. 💗
When are we going to see a RISC CPU/motherboard, designed for desktop/laptop PCs, running Windows/Linux, at desktop power levels? Now that would really be worth having.
8:25 this was sounding good until he said the chip was running on zero power. Now that is just not possible with any technology.
just need an apple graphics card.
Absolutely. I’m waiting on the new apple arm chip. Don’t really want the intel one but certain things struggle to run on m1 an I’m desperate to upgrade. Hopefully September will bring something better
I never realized how the iphone pricing curve throughout the years, was them matching their price based on performance. Or at least thats what it looks like now
So Youtube Algo threw this video at me about ten months later, shortly before iOS 15 release, which had people disappointed about not being desktop-y enough. I think "the future" the video is referring to takes a little longer than expected.
A year later, it seems that Apple hasn't changed the entire industry. M1 is still underpowered compared to CPU's by Intel and AMD.
I'm just waiting to see what AMD comes up with, I hope this competition makes them do some revolutionary stuff as well. Maybe even Intel, who knows?
The swift puppy significantly worry because dolphin luckily chase unto a abounding kite. nondescript, arrogant sleet
I'd be more impressed if I cared about performance per watt. Its fairly obvious the architecture doesn't scale easily with wattage otherwise apple would of done it. All I care about is straight up performance. If Apple manages to take that away from AMD like AMD did to Intel then i'll look forward to other ARM based designs.
Pros to arm chips they are simpler and less power consuming. Cons they have less cores meaning overall less computing power. However how apple gets around this is by manipulating the software to prioritize loading of important background tasks like pre loading frequently used apps. They dedicate 2 cores to these tasks. I'd view it like this loading times, battery life, and  video software apps will get a significant boost. The issue comes when these chips are asked to preform specialized tasks like graphical performance and particle effects. For your average user it's gonna be great
TV commercials were way cheezy back then
great video... just need to explained to me like I am 5 years old... how a chip works with no power flowing to it (8:20)  Come on, please, what the buck does this mean??????
Main difference between phones and computers isn't just processor.  Mobile app ecosystems, from the system OS to the apps it hosts, run primarily in the cloud by design. Desktop apps rely primarily on the internals of the host machine. Mobile apps are optimized for efficiency at the expense of features. Desktop apps are optimized for utility at the expense of energy, heat and storage space. Mobile ecosystems themselves are also sold with an entirely different business model in mind. They primarily serve as Big Brother devices in your pocket to mine you for metadata that can be sold to data brokers. Desktop computers, not so much.  So, the main difference between mobile and desktop platforms is design philosophy not hardware. Mobile devices are optimized for efficiency and mass market appeal in order to herd you into a particular ecosystem so you can be sold services and accessories. Desktop devices are primarily utilitarian and are optimized for power use.  It kind of irks me to misrepresent the difference between the two as being merely a hardware discussion. Far from it. The hardware is kind of irrelevant. The real discussion is what are these devices for. What is the business model behind them. How do people use them. What is the design philosophy behind them.
What
the only thing I'm unhappy about it is, I bought a MacBook pro JUST before the M1 was released. ill maybe upgrade in a couple of years now
I got the M1 MacBook Air. It is another world.
Laptops are for boomers.  The iPad will replace your MacBook.  For that matter any laptop.
17:10 phone apps are on cloud :))))))))) That is why the phone is so smooth. Same goes for autocad :)).
13:40 The first Apple chip is actually the A4 in the original iPad and later iPhone 4. There are multiple other errors in this video.
Instead of cpu with integrated gpu, what if have the opposite, gpu with integrated ARM cpu?
The coming Carrington event will be spectacular, with the apple abacus being delivered by horse and cart to the survivors.
Will it allow to create new file using the file explorer?
The simple answer is : first of all serious windows people don’t even buy m1 macbook air / pro. Processes, handling of files, apps on mac os are cumbersome for no god damn reason . On top of that any experiment with apps can lead to irreversible memory wastage. No serious software is free on mac os. Please tattoo this on your wrist. Be it parallel via which u wanna run windows or the windows itself. No key generator works here in that case. If windows people still wanna flaunt the apple logo please go for mac with intel and bootcamp it. Oh by windows people I didn’t mean people who do video editing only. I meant some serious work on windows. Like running a tfs server from it, setting up a sql server . You name it. On top of that bootcamp helps to allocate entire RAM on windows os , not like parallel where you need to decide how much RAM to allocate to windows, so with M1 you will end up buying a minimum of 16 gb of RAM version vs minimum of 8gb version of INTEL macs in this regards.   What common in tech reviews are like very few youtuber got the guts to speak truth rather than nurturing the fake apple impression. It’s unfortunate but a fact.  Peace 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Looks like keeping arm neutral will benefit more to consumers
Great video with so much condensed info in one place!
wow... intel leadership are idiots.
It's kind of bullshit anyway. M1 is not an equal to a desktop CPU. Not at all
… it is not a mobile chip… you TRULY have no clue what you are talking about on this one… … I mean, seriously no clue. the fastest super computer today is an ARM chip…. ARM DOES NOT MEAN MOBILE… never did never will
mac is advertising the speed of m1 but they just sandbagged the intel based laptops, like the heatsink not making proper contact with the die and the fan being placed terribly
NICE NOW APPLE WILL SELL US PROCESSORS FOR 10 TIMES THE PRICE <3
I left Apple 10 years ago, osx 10.6 was my last applle  because i dont like handcups but i am verry immpressed. . Apple was always and still is the best but not for me
Ever wondered only iphone users though it was possible to charge their phones via microwave tho?
this video is mostly wrong. first a RISC process does not significantly improve over CISC, it only advantageous in some aspects. I mean we all used DEC and Sun MIPS R series in the 1990s. Given AMD and M1 use TSMC which would have at best 7-5nm technology, it means that the heat and power used per transistor is the same for Intel, AMD and M1 under same load. In addition, the very simple error made in video encoding is that video encoding should never be done on a multicore CPU like the threadripper or i9 series chips as encoding video is a single core CPU process, meaning the other cores are just standing idle, and the comparison video of video editing on the iphone is clearly wrong - as it is NOT encoding a video but simply cutting a MP4 video and re-mux it, my PC can do this in under 10secs. To actually re-encode a video means that every 4K frame needs to be re-rendered, which is impossible for a phone to do, and even with dedicated hardware, which a phone does not have, the amount of power required to re-encode a 4K video is based on the conservation of energy, ie. things dont automagically defy the laws of physics, to transform a set of data into another set of given magnitiude, ie. it comes with corresponding work energy required - yes, you are defying the laws of thermodynamics.  anyway, enough of this video, so many obvious errors.
its kind of reassuring. in a world where existentialism exists, this gave me hope for a much brighter and much more promising future.
My I9 still outperforms the top M1.... For less $$$
For The people that left Apple over a burning hatred of Apple as a company... They won't be coming back anytime soon. I left all my apple stuff be hind in 2016 and I see no reason to return to them. The M1 does have eye catching performance... But it's not going to take the market before other manufacturers respond and hold their positions. ARM is open source... so it's apple will not be able to leverage that aspect to maintain their position.
God is good all the time. What a blessing to live and experiencing from the days of DEC20 and little toy computers untill today, the days of M-processors computers - while those precious techie personels many have passed away - thanks to their passion to bring us to a better technology, today and beyond. Rest In Peace even probably before the era of Sir George Boole.
I gotta ask 1 question can they play crysis 🤔
hated apple for years, mocked them many times.. and here I am in 2021 bought M1 MacBook pro for myself and MacBook Air for my wife.. and my Lenovo and ASUS laptops??? gave them to my 70 year old MOM and gave my Lenovo to my 13 year old kid to play Roblox !
ahhhh , I love his voice! It's a hybrid of ASMR and science lessons.
Its like Apple being Tesla [AC] going against Edison ([DC] Intel). Efficiency
I am not a tech guy but watch reviews of different devices. When I watched of m1 chip I was absolutely blown away.
man, this got me excited, a few years from now you might be forced to throw out your old computer no matter how good it was because the new ARM PC's blow them out of the water, even if they just match the performance but consume 50 times less power, they are still a massive upgrade, maybe Intel Nuc style computers will be the future that you bolt onto the back of your monitor. I hate that my room is 2-3 degrees warmer than other rooms just because i have a PC running idle in it, it's even making me consider installing an AC system, since i can only game at night when it's cooler.
So what chips are the Mars rovers usings,  intel or Arm??
Damn gaming on the road might be easy soon
"The customer is the only one who benefits from competition" my lecturer says
I'm super excited for the technology but only if the technology is transferred to the wider OEM community. If this is to be a positive change (and yes any efficiency changes are good) customers of all persuasions need to have a purchase option.
you " CRUSH IT " ... this macbook air im on is m1 with the big sur .5 its so so freaking dope and cold ...
The only thing that is messed up is that windows can’t run on the apple M1 chip. You have to use a virtual machine.
ARM got my approval.
M1 chip is not a mobile chip. IIt's just a different architecture.
The Chinese owns the fastest computer in the world, not Japanese as you claimed. Besides the Chinese has held this crown for some years. Give credit where it's due.
I have a Dell XPS 13 9310 with a Tiger Lake i7 as my personal laptop at home, and Macbook Pro M1 from work. They are basically top of the range from either camp. For all intents and purposes I never come close to maxing out the performance of either laptop as I'm mostly in Excel, Teams and the web but it's just ridiculous how good the battery life of the Mac is! The Mac is also *always* quiet and cool whereas the Dell has its fans running and feels hot to the touch probably 50% of the time. If I had not preferred Windows as an OS I would bought a Mac today, hands down. The M1 is one hell of a chip.
I never Considered A Macbook Before But I bought An M1 MBA 2 Months Ago
Oh my, your description of x86 is cringe. Nobody added instructions to bloat things. The instructions have a purpose - parallel processing for example. The bloat came from years of backwards compatibility and intel realized this and made their own fresh architecture, but amd had won with their backward compatible ISA instead.
I still think that Intel would beat any other CPU once it reaches the under 5NM manufacturing process. All the other companies would have maxed out at 1.5NM, with no where to go.
Superb, Thank you,,,
Maintain just juice....we are cool.
Wow what's up? Openly exposing M1?
Ha! Fastest cpu? Have you met a threadripper?
The hardware sounds promising, but too bad Apple’s software design has taken a left turn off a cliff. Big Sur’s design change are pure garbage.
Where to get such clips for YouTube videos
All that power and efficiency doesn't matter if there's not enough new software to use it
11:28 "130 nanometer process". We've come a long way.
How? Easy, overcharging their customers, using that money for R&D, then again, overcharging the next fad, the cycle repeats and all the apple sheeps will still buy. Just think how much they are paying the slaves making your previous $2k phones.
0:49 did anybody else think this was a photoshop or joke ad because of the stand debacle?  Cause... I just looked them up and it's real... Apple is selling casters for 700$
M1 is great for battery life, but it's far from the greatest or the fastest at it's price point.
Wonder what RISC tech like this will do for SBCs
Hey thanks man, I learned an important lesson!
Abandones Intel to take over the ARM RISC processsors
This video implies it was Acorn that developed RISC. Omitting DEC, MIPS, and the others that came before it is negligent.
Excellent again
What was the semiconductor technology M1 built on ? Manufacturer ?
watching this on my m1 laptop lol
LMAO they used League as a bench mark. A Pentium can play that on max graphics. What a bunch of clowns.
Coworker sent me this. Check how youtubers and apple lie to you M1 cant beat a 6 core old i7 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2BooIC5qGO8&feature=youtu.be
Not the entire industry, just apple industry. I just spoke to a manager from one of the biggest mining companies in the world and they will keep using x86 intel. Whats next @pple will solve global warming and famine?😂
LOL can I put an M1 chip inside a PC like when I choose between Intel and AMD and now have more options?
.......need more research my man there's alot more going on with the apple and Intel situation and also phones are different the phones Apple laptops are far from being made for any games
Belive it or not we will never know what these company's have or are making this is all equipment designed 10 years ago
6:33 philosophy...
It’s because u don’t really multi task on a phone try multi tasking and comparing the results
ARM is they way forward until something else is the way forward.
Why do we need popcorn?
ARM is not RISC.
Apple Mac are grey in color.
The M1 is based on a Core design that was released one year later by ARM. Apple just tweaked it, it didn't do it by itself.
@8:26 familiar voice (Computerphile) If your geek enough feel free to visit his Chanel.
its a genius move in times of chip scarcity
11.29 : 130nm process !!! Now we have reached 4nm if i m correct 🙏🙏🔥🔥
The silent point pathologically moan because plow eventually rub between a parched hobbies. rustic, remarkable riverbed
The problem is Apple will never make this chip available for desktop consumers
Confusion TV lol
You mention BBC Archimedes in ninety something? I was a user in 1987 or even before while still using the BBC and Apple IIe and Apple Charlie besides the Sage multi user computer we were using for the K Center in UK (Bramdean). And in that era Commodore Amiga was also turned up, too. Thank you for the learning and reminding of the olden days of computers gone so fast. Now, we are waiting for the Ahmdahl Wafer Memory technology put on practice after the RISC and ARM to CPUs. Gosh, what a mystery of life and the speeding of time through the language of just Yes is yes and No is no. Thanks to GOD for Sir George Bool giving us Boolean Algebra and hoping one day you may cover of this kind of cover up, too. Cheers!
There was no power running to the chip.... and yet it was on. GGFFRGGGGRGRGGFFRGBLBLBLBBBB
but can i game on it
One thing that is not really touched upon is a breakthrough reaching the 5 nanometer production ability for the M1 chip. Is it using the same process that is driving AMD's ability to produce at the smaller size also? And what are the limitations to the shrinking of the circuit print size? And what is coming is Intel adopting the ARM production process for some of it's chips.
It's nitpicking, but I disagree with one statement. Apple putting a mobile chip in their best selling computer (which happens to be a mobile device) hardly seems stupid considering laptops have used mobile versions of CPUs for a long time now..
This is the step we were all waiting for really. I know i am 9 months too late to comment, but the situation is the CPU industry (for desktop pcs) were stuck really since the MMX instruction set introduced. The next development was to introduce new cores and interoperability between these cores, but in general we've got the same thing just more on one die.  the introduction if core iX (3,5,7,9) isn't really a revolution but was more or less finetuning the existing kit.  What i mean is that in IT we see paradigm shifts on every aspect of our lives. HDD changing from spinning disks to chips (ssd), displays moving from CRT to flat panels, printers moving from typewriter things to insane fast laser printing, network connection to grow from serial connection to gigabit speed fiber and so on. And yet the CPU was more or less the same through out.  Of course there are things which can not change really (like how a speaker works..) but the CPU is not as simple as a pair coiled copper wire and a fixed magnet and a cone.   while i still think Apple is going nuts with the pricing, and going against the environment (right to repair, creating more packaging through selling basic stuff separately, thus creating more waste) - this move was long overdue and for that they deserve all the credits.  I just wish AMD would follow through and combine forces with Microsoft to bring the same revolution to the Windows market. (i am not wishing anything bad to apple - i still use their products, but we need this revolution on Windows too - and this time not just microsoft trying to do a half-ass*d copy of Apple but frankly shifting from x86 with a proper chip manufacturer)
I'm not a fan of apple, but they are doing great work. I'm also just glad to witness such advancements. God speed.
Bravo! And shake on Intel. Intel is going the way of the Big Blue.
If only they would let ppl the freedom to choose where, how, who could repair/replace/upgrade their stuffs.
SOOOOO cheated by the lack of background!!!   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_8086
7:30 I'm amazed to learn that John Lithgow was instrumental in the development of the ARM processor.
Dagogo  - Your work is marvelous-  you know what this means to windows and Google - They will be force to develop and build new OS and chips - and as consumes we are gonna get the best - I had a chance to use one of the Macbook Air - and its no joke..  & Apple is not messing around. Weather you are an Apple user or not - You should look at it - Its very much real ( Unreal)
intel didnt make phone chips for apply even when they did make phone chips, they used x86 atom which sucks
Impressive numbers but average PC still outperforms a M1 in terms of most use cases and especially gaming. Simply put, I dont want a cellphone CPU in my desktop.
Modern tablets and smartphone processing and graphics are blowing pc's out of the water. Once the casual audience catches wind of how fast and convenient tablets and phones are compared to pc's, pc's won't be as popular
Apple the quintessential product and the brand, changed the way we lead our lives in this century.  Now that is an interesting challenge to an Asian-indian to look out for options here.   The business model of Apple is what I am interested in.  Care to dwell on?
1 mistake is in 1min, i take apart iphone very often and i would argue they have gotten easyer from the iphone 6 on ward
19:20 is when the sponsor segment ends
Apple changed itself only to past days, simple and plain, the Industry is much bigger than Apple. Apple was born like a non x86 company, after many years it shifted to x86, now again it is non x86. It will succeed ?? i don't think. Apple have its own customers and a x86 user will never shift to Apple for very simple reasons. So why Apple shifted to no x86?. To retain its own (few) laptop customers, giving them a reason to pay overpriced objects.
great episode.. documenting history
"It seems that everyone hates Apple these days..." Isn't it is interesting how the love and hate can shift of different companies and products? I got my first Mac (Mac LC) back in 1991. During that time and onward Apple was the major underdog and many were hating on IBM & Microsoft/Windoze. Then after Napster got shut down, Apple capitalized with iTunes store, and the iPod. This gave a pathway for non-Apple users to explore their products. Now it's "hip" to hate on Apple!
The better paper medicinally claim because index subcellularly buzz toward a obeisant red. long, silky nylon
get mac air m1 best laptop i have ever use ( i dont play game anymore )
ALAN: Nobody play games on apple...NOBODY!
Yay, Apple will continue to dominate and rich kids to keep their favorite status symbol. How great for them.
I remember the days my old computer booted up with a classic sun micro systems arm chip
Wow Apple has always been cutting edge. Christ the Apple fanboys were right the whole time.
Fantastic breakdown! Enjoyed the little history.
I have an apple m1 Mac air. It’s like my iPad Pro. Both are fantastic. My iPod iPhones and iPads from yesterday still work. But I have a new iPhone 12. Expensive but really good to use. I’m sure google Android and windows are great too. I’m so used to apple I could never leave it.
The spiritual raincoat ectrodactyly bubble because college longitudinally count pro a overwrought facilities. elated, befitting pencil
Oh boy.... RISC vs CISC is a distinction that became irrelevant long ago, as RISC architectures added more instructions, and CISC architectures actually became more RISC-like under the hood. Modern CPUs, whether RISC or CISC, break down instructions into multiple steps, which are then sent to various parts of the CPU for execution. And here’s the thing: one under-the-hood implementation can be radically different from another implementation, _even if they use the same instruction set._  And that’s how Apple’s ARM chips can be so vastly superior to, say, Qualcomm’s, despite using the same instruction set: Apple’s under-the-hold implementation is evidently far superior. It’s not because it’s RISC, or even that it’s ARM. If that were true, all ARM processors would be similarly powerful, and they’re clearly not.
The capable italian biomechanically injure because odometer contrarily rule unlike a squealing needle. next, measly fear
Me who just bought iPhone 12 and macbook air M1, the performance is unreal did 6gb installation in few seconds it feels like magic.
considering the footage from the two guys talking about LoL in their video. No laptop besides these weird hybrid machines have a dedicated graphics card, they have a graphics chip. this is not even close to a card. yet the power of the A1 being an APU  as it seems is fascinating.
Ahahaha...nope
*Intel making us fool in name of Innovation* 😅
im really excited about the future of technologies.. more power efficient and powerful 💪💪💪
Had no idea that apple had it in them. Good job 👍
So INTEL is better in marketing.
This is why its important to have competition. Intel has been at the top of the food chain for many years but recently AMD has now caught up and you can even argue that they're more performant/efficient. And then there's the ARM chipset, spanking both chips.  I'm pretty sure Intel is shitting their pants right now
Amazing i am wathicing this video im my new M1 Chip Macbook Air 😀
If NVidia buy ARM, they are dead. If this happens, RISC-V will take over.
Imagine being able to play games with ray tracing max settings 4K off a MacBook with 120fps.
i got into apple computers when they first released their intel models and got my first macbook pro in 2007 and bought 2 more by 2012 with the first 15 inch retina. then i stopped cause it seemed their computers lost their way especially with how much more streamlined and stable windows became for professional apps.  hearing about the M1 for the past year, i think im going back to apple computers for my next notebook. for sure.
I just wish Nintendo Switch had an M1 Like CPU
The M1 is a modern marvel.. and the price to power/processing is what we needed. I finally got the iPad Pro 11” M1 because it’s exactly my use case. I’d have loved the bigger screen with 5G but the real deal was the base 11” so I went that route. Loving it.. soooo fast it’s unreal. And brutally effective and efficient.. thing just lasts and knows what it’s doing at all times.
Intel's biggest weakness that made them fall: *Arrogance*
glad we use x64 processors now and for the last 10 years lol , then the software designers messed up any gains with overbloated software
One of reasons of Tesla and Apple partnership.
16:11 this is very misleading. You can’t compare software vs hardware h.264 or h.265 encoding.  Hardware is more for real-time streaming. File size is bigger and/or quality suffers. Software encoding will produce the smallest/highest quality video but takes way more time. Intel has a hardware h.264 encoder on their CPUs since their 2nd gen Core i3/5/7 processors (Sandy Bridge). It is also obscenely fast when compared to software encoding. Everything else about your video has been eye opening and very interesting, but to include that clip is extremely misleading.
Thank your videos. Please don't stop making videos.
A couple of points.  Another video I watched stated that Acorn computer tried to source CPUs from Intel back in the 1980s, but were too small at the time to get Intel to return their calls.  That is one reason why Acorn created the ARM instruction set in the first place.  A second point was the part of this video which compared a Fujitsu supercomputer to an IBM.  I don't know exactly which supercomputers you were referring to, but IBM's fastest supercomputers typically have IBM Power CPUs installed which are also RISC chips.  I suspect the difference would be even greater comparing the Fujitsu supercomputer to an Intel-based supercomputer if the IBM one did have Power CPUs.
Apple is still shit tho
@Cold Fusion: Though informative, the picture you paint a very unfair and oversimplified account of Intel: The real fly in ointment, is… AMD (I am going to be burned by the uninformed). Let me explain…  Everyone that knew anything about CPU architectures, already knew before the turn of the millennium, that the 20+ year old (At that time already) x86 passed its shelf live, including Intel. Indeed, the P6 (Pentium Pro/Pentium 2 and later Pentium 3) was supposed to be the last x86 processors. Don’t believe me? After the failed P7 (Pentium 4), the Intel Core was a reiteration of the P6 and all Core processors since has been incremental updates of the P6.  So, what did Intel plan instead? Well, as your video pointed out, the x86 is a bloated CISC - Complex Instruction Set Computer, and ARM (Like IBM Power, Sun SPARC, MIPS etc) are Reduced Instruction Set Computers. But both CISC and RISC have and inherent problem (Which one of your graphs actually also show): Their performance tapers off over time (Albeit RISC tapering off at a higher level that CISC). The problem is that both RISC and CISC struggle very hard to scale linearly with parallel tasks: That is why all the top super computers of the last number of years make very extensive use of GPUs which, by its very nature, can scale much more linearly with parallel tasks (As albeit, cannot function without a CPU to control it).  What Intel wanted to do was replace x86 with a much, much better architecture than both RISC and CISC that would scale much more linearly over multiple tasks, for a CPU architecture. This architecture was known as Explicitly Parallel Instruction Computer, or EPIC. This was released under the Intel Itanium brand. This is where the problems however started very unfortunately because people were soo short-sighted.  The first Itanium was slow: This was because it intentionally contained a bloated CISC x86 for backward compatibility - Something Intel were forced to do because it, unlike Apple, are not vertically integrated (Like Android/Microsoft Windows) and was as a result, ridiculed by short-sighted media.  At the same time, AMD (The milly-vinlly of the industry), seizing the gap that the well thought out Intel’s future plan left with the Itanium, went and did the worst thing for the industry imaginable (And were praised by the same short-sighted media for doing so): They added 64-bit instructions to the, what should’ve been, the defunct x86 instructions. By doing this, they forced the industry down an already over extended x86 path for another 20+ years (This was around the 2000’s). But everyone was buying into this hype because they could blow Intel out of the water with x86 which Intel did not want to support either.  This left Intel in a situation where it needed to refocus all its efforts on the deprecated x86 and support the newly AMD added 64bit x86 instructions (Which AMD falsely claimed was the first 64bit x86 - Indeed the Intel P5, the original Pentium, was already 64bit internally, just did not have 64bit instructions). This led the, very unfortunate, eventual demise of the Itanium (Which then never got traction as the industry just took the easy route with the crappy AMD 64bit x86 extensions).  And here is the kicker, which this article also failed to mention: For the same reason Intel had to refocus back to x86 and let Itanium slide, Intel also had to let their ARM processor design go. YES, INTEL INDEED HAD ARM PROCESSORS OF THEIR OWN, this was called the Intel xScale (Don’t believe me, read: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/XScale). Intel sold the xScale CPU to Marvel Technologies in 2006 (But is still one of the best ARM designs).   Now, Intel, right after selling its xScale ARM, why would Intel redevelop a ARM for Apple? It literally just lost its ARM design?   PS: And Intel had other RISC processors too, like the i860 and i960
I think Intel is a lot like the Swiss watch makers many decades ago facing the influx of quartz timepieces.  They had simply looked down on the new technology and stuck with their own old way.
wahts with u ?  android has been a pc since like the note 8 or before it. surface pro and stuff like laptiops that does not have integrated  graphic cards... of course they wont be good. and if that surface has an integrated card. maybe he is not using the app on the graphics card.... dumb.. apple still cant play halo 5 maybe. dont forget that in 1997 apple was about to bankrupt and bill gates helped it by letting windows apps run on apple.. plus u are  competing s4 to I donno what phone ur comparing
How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry, Again! -- should be the title
This is EVOLUTION. But to be objective the same can be said to the other side of the coin. INTEL and many other successful companies uses their own logic to make decisions.
at 26:27 you will see Gary Kildall, the man who should have been Bill Gates. The man who created the first OS CP/M. MS-DOS was a cheap knock off of CP/M...Very sad story...
The chip alone made me tempted to switch to IPhone.
I recently bought a ASUS ROG Zephyrus Ryzen 7 4800HS based laptop with a 1660Ti GPU and 16GB of DDR4 memory for video streaming/editing purposes. When I saw the benchmarks for the M1 MBP I had to get one for myself to see how it performed, so I picked up a base config model with 8GB of RAM. I figured the Zephyrus with its dedicated GPU and 16 thread processor would unquestionably be faster, but the M1 would be able to hold its own and come within maybe 10-15% of the PC's performance.  *Not even close!* When streaming, the Zephyrus would stay around 20% utilization (with fans as loud as a hair dryer after a few minutes). The M1 MBP stayed between 7-8%, all while remaining virtually silent. An hour long stream would leave me with about 45% battery capacity on the ASUS, and 85% on the Mac. Rendering video was a total blowout. Projects that took _6-7_ hours on the PC were completing in _2_ on the M1! I was so disappointed in the Zephyrus that I had to sell it.
The M1 chips from Apple aren’t the first versions of their own chip design, but it’s the 11th Generation of their own chip design.  Apple purchased the basis of the Arm code and they compiled it to their own specifics.
The spicy ocelot basically grin because bagel socially soak to a hallowed peace. repulsive, spectacular lung
That's why competition is good, imagine if we only have intel to stick with.
That M1 CPU  is absolutely wicked. Justine poor thing, came close to falling out of her chair doing an initial test. And..its probable going together  dropped  into an iPhone 14 or 15 with a battery that will last 20-hrs. Now we know where a lot of the Apple profits go.
A playstation 6 arm based would be interesting
I have always liked intel until this video, I will never like apples in store customer and force myself to buy iPhones
So they developed the fastest cpu in the world. wow now go buy a macbook and play with it for 2  years. Then you recieve an update slowing down the device by 50% so you have to purchase a new device for just 5000 dollars. What a company and what a fanboy who made this vid.
This is the start of intel's downfall don't worry you will be missed by many and happily stay with nokia in the afterlife
If power consumtion decrease, makers then put lower capacity proprietary batteries.
I think pretty much the M1 had lapsed already the fastest existing chip, Intel or AMD. Remember that the M1 is running at 10W - 15W,  imagine of we scale that up to 50W por even 65W and double or triple the core counts.
I am wondering to see if ARM will eventually replace   x86 in higher end machines in future. Microsoft is certainly trying harder with Windows on ARM, including backwards compatibulity (better late than never).
And now Dolphin supports the M1. The results are impressive indeed.
Qualcomm and Broadcom.
That "Sith" is ARM.
If your Father was ARM, then Linux would only run on ARM, not x86. Mobile ARM, Desktop ARM and Server ARM.
So basically its the magic of the architecture?  So Why didn't AMD go for it...AMD beated Intel with its Zen Series...making APUs . Looking forward your reply. I'm a beginner taking Interest in these processors.😊
Now make it suffer with minecraft tnts
I had a Palm Tungsten E with an arm processor. It was very fast handheld.I used in daily and tje battery lasted about five days. Miss it very much.
1:50 talks about x86 while showing the Commodore PET, a 6502 based machine created primarily by Chuck Peddle and his team.  I'll tell you how Apple did it. The same way everyone else does it. They license the ARM design and throw on a few extras and send it off to the chip fabrication plant.
RISC with it's simple instructions actually complicates development.. while it is very easy to program CISC. In my opinion just because it is Apple it could do it.
The whispering eyebrow disturbingly fire because aftershave extracellularly roll abaft a cool purpose. boring, envious hardboard
But, you know? People buying Windows...not IOS....So is just another useless apple tip and trick....
Oh god, at the 20:00 mark, there are *two* of those jackasses?
Not really, and if it did it was for worse.
ARM is the future.   Need to see how AMD and Intel catch up with ARM.
Ewww a android
Including RAM in the SoC gives a huge performance benefit, but the drawbacks of the smallest RAM models, while often not noticed in performance thanks to efficient SoC and fast swap to SSD, are starting showing in shortened SSD life, as frequent swap is a real silent killer for them. And no, it doesn't just happen using very power hungry SW, but also using many programs at a time, or even keeping lots of web pages open. Apple sadly has little control on how RAM hungry web browsers have become.
Your arguments about M1 chip being the fastest is simply not true. Also bench mark testing shows that AMD chip outperformed ARM chip which uses about 15% more power than ARM. Your arm usage of 5W is when it is idle. Furthermore, ARM chip are limited in terms of what one can do with. It is the nature of RISC based architecture versus CISC based one. each one has it's own merit, but stating that ARM CPUs are better than X86 CPU in terms of power consumption and performance is simply misleading..
Can arm be used for bitcoin?
Actually, there was another desktop pc, ibm rt.
Windows user??? 2021
24:27 "according to the verge..." *ptsd from their pc gaming build video intensifies*
Thanks again!
M1 16 billion transistor vs 6 billion i9 simple
A great well researched and presented video... no need to prompt to subscribe! Done.
I know Apple has a mountain of cash in reserve, but I find it crazy that a consumer electronics company is releasing a 5nm chip when the 'industry leading' chip maker is still struggling with 10nm designs.
This CPU is fast.. but this video is done, like some sect preaching.. and that is what is wrong in Apple world.
Umm I am sure this channel was spelled ColdFustion at some point am I right?
In the end it all doesnt make any difference as you still will be chucking your device in a few years in the bin, and the battery of your phone will still be empty in one day, just as it did 15 years ago 😂 If apple makes a chip 6x more efficient they just make the battery 6x smaller up to the point that there is no point in making these devices thinner besides making them more fragile so they break more easily and becoming less repairable then previous generation so you can throw it away even quicker 😂 Its a never ending producers dream of costumers buying newer and faster hardware for newer and more inefficient software needing faster hardware and in the end i am still writing a simple email and browsing a webpage like i did in 1998 on my pentium 90 libretto.
Wow - this really put things in perspective! Very informative. Still holding the iPhone 7+ waiting out for the 2021 model.
Sleeping on their laurels...Intel is what they did. Meanwhile AMD snatched their crown, and now Apple.
The overpricing is a result of extensive, vast and never ending Research that apple carries out.
which PC CPU they did compare with ARM apple?
The question now is: when will apple be available to include games in variety without the need of ports. Since their processing is advancing so fast and moving and that innovation is not stopping any time soon, it wouldn't be unthinkable to include this demographic (people into pc gaming and apple computers, tend to just have to give up on one or acquire both).  Now I was checking iMac 27' computer and it has an intel core i5-7 for it's processing and amd radeon pro 5300-5500XT. Same with the Macbook Pro 16'. But the newer models have nothing about a graphic processing unit in their webpage tech specs. So... are they just going for it just by their M1?
arm = good, apple = bad.
Fabulous video👌👌👌👌
X86 may have seen it's day... But the limitation imposed by apple's "ecosystem" will always keep me away from it. As with most revolutionary apple products, a more open source option will become available within a few years and while they  may have done it first, they will not have done it best. I mean, come on... it's not like Apple invented RISC architecture. It's not like their competitors cannot adapt due to trademark reasons. Yes, the M1 is impressive and I won't automatically shit on the current generation of apple products because of it, but as usual I wait to see what is next.
https://youtu.be/ffAoyYXN5CQ
so the Mac eliminates the fan, by eliminating intel itself!
This would be awesome if it weren't on a shitty apple product
Excellent report. Thanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWtk30OsXWs
Can it run Windows 10?!😁
It seems Everyone hates apple? You seriously stated that? :)
I think, this is an cleverly made ad. Arm is not the reason for the teraflop low power performance of the M1.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL  Apple doesn't innovate shit. Nor will they EVER have an impact in tech while they shill extremely overpriced garbage to stupid people.   Look at this stand, 1k please.
Intel , AMD and nvidia have to switch to arm asap otherwise theyll be left in the dirt. There was a reason nvidia was trying to acquire ARM
Imagine if intel made the deal with steve in 06 arm would not have reached its full potential as everyone wouldve started using intel based chips in their phones
Omg i didnt knew this and i have been thinking for years about how they should use the mobile chips for desktop purposes considering how efficient and powerful they have become. I only found out about arm a month ago
I would like to experience that 2:28
I never liked apple because of their proprietary and closed options for repair and upgrades, I'm happy they have developed this m1 chip. I wish to get a motherboard and socket set to support the m1 chip. I suspect no consumer can build their own computer based on a m1 processor only apple. So the Apple doesn't doesn't fall far from the tree
I really don't understand why so many people are getting upset with Apple going with their own chip based on ARM architecture.  Like, what is the big deal of a company trying something new that is paying off after many years improving their own design, how do you get upset from that?
A whole video about RISC CPU architectures and not a single mention of Sun Microsystems and SPARC?
Now We know that Intel suck.
This is brilliant. The connection you made between Christensen's ideas (his steel mills story is another good example) - and the ARM chip.... man I'm so glad I saw this.
The quack gate pharmacokinetically scorch because climb sequently dust minus a secretive oak. gamy, grandiose mini-skirt
This is an exceptionally well researched video.  Congrats and well done.
Lmfao, hes just showing that his iMac sucks and was overpriced. And he should have built his own PC.  Apple sucks the only reason their stock is so high is because retail investors don't know how to invest in Samsung stock.
ANSWER: LOTS OF PEOPLE WORKED AT APPLE. You're welcome.
Bro, from where you get video clips?
says allot about the imac LUL
i call this mega bullshit .......................
I applaud Apple but it is also scary. Apple stronghold is only getting stronger and its customers will be paying a much higher price then they are now. It a never ending cycle that will just worsen with time. Also after watching your video on Intel, i want to see them burn 🔥 lol
What you get when you think out of the box call seeing the forest from the trees. Someone realized that simpler was better. sometimes you get so intrenched in projects at hand one must look at what works for other products. brilliant . great job
It won't change anything until it can handle AAA titles....And when that happens...we know what price we'll have to pay.
Misleading. Amds zen 3 is far more powerful when it comes to multicore  performance. Not to mention they can have up to 16 cores on the mainstream platform
They bought a Raspberry pi 4, Reverse engineered it, saw how easy it was for them to install Mac OS on it, put a case on it, & decided to sell to our our dumb asses😂
so what's next, putting an ARM chip in an ARM chair? 😏
✋✋✋✋
🤍
✌️✌️
Watching this video on M1 Macbook Air, it is truly incredibly fast. Still can't wrap my head around the fact that I play Divinity Original Sin 2 on high settings on a laptop WITHOUT A FAN.
WHO IS LAUGHING NOW PC WORLD ???    APPLE will gain 50% of the PC world once the M2 CHIP is released.
:Guys, can anyone please explain, how is this possible that ARM chip did not consume any amps? The prof talks about this from 8:03. Thanks in advance.
Thank you! Excellent video... explained very well.
Another overpriced Garbage. Don't know why people are so much interested in it.
I am Stoked!!!! Im not an apple user... and been choosing not to be.. now.. I might change... pretty awesome
Without seeing this vid. I can tell the creator is an apple fanboy. And I won't see this vid. Apple is an overpriced marketing brand and always will be.
These vids are starting to look like a bunch of hit pieces on certain companies and kinda biased [almost promo commercials] for OTHER companies.....
Since arm is more powerful than a desktop cpu, we may not need to buy a desktop anymore. We only need a monitor. The bottleneck now is we still don’t have a OS can do that. Android for desktop, definitely no. Chrome OS running on mobile phones likes android, docking to a monitor likes chrome os desktop would be a good choice. When we get home, we don’t need to turn on the pc, we just plug in the monitor or dock cable. We may still need a laptop for a better portable performance and experience. Chrome OS may flourish the linux desktop ecosystem in the near future.
India Times: "Fugaku is twice faster than the IBM's" This dude: "Fugaku is three times faster than the IBM's"
so the arm/m1 chips are good at doing single tasks but not so good at multi tasks as the i9? i seen all tests with macbook pro 13,16 m1 vs i9 and the video exporting on the i9 is much better. thats all i could find was much better on the i9. i cant wait for the next apple pro to come out, it best be top notch.
Steve Jobs would be proud...
"Never get comfortable" - Intel
What a amazing world....
Disruptive evolution just in time, tech improved and polished through mobile devices now comes to big business - fabulous plan and execution, people been waiting for this tech for more than 2 decades, while intel was sitting on their ass, whos laughing now ;)
Intel: We have the most powerful 10nm chips Amd: Drops 7nm Ryzens. Apple: Rolls out 5nm chips. Apple: The future is here. IBM: Hold my bear.
I want to see these M-chips in fanless Windows laptops in the near future. Desktops will be outperformed by ARM laptops.
Apple gear is normally 60% hype and 40% tech
4K and HDR, sure. But what about compression??
Performance is good, but the increasing prices are not, storage is also 5 times more expensive than it used to be on mobile stuff like laptops and phones because its all forcing the consumer to buy into high end NVMe storage, gone are the days of cheap 50 euro 1TB harddrives 2.5 inch for laptops, and now we have laptops with one or two slots that ONLY accepts NVMe storage which for 1TB? You are looking at 100 euro at best, for 2TB? It can be 250 euro for the best deals.  This is ridicules in many ways when considering today you can get 2TB for 60 euro in a tiny harddrive. We do not just need efficient laptops, we also need better and bigger storage that does not cost so much to truly kill off the old mechanical drive.
ColdFusion try GNU/Linux
ARMV9 is coming...
But will we still be able to run multiple programs and open multiple windows?
@ 3:12 - I like that she says "it is changin the future as we know it" - sounds real smart..right? ...right??? Ah, the future as we know it is being changed...isn't that wonderful? I might be having too much time to waste given what I'm using it for atm...am borrowing it from the future as we know it..I guess
The PowerPC was a RISC system just like ARM. The problem was that IBM & Motorola were not able to maintain process improvement comparable to what Intel could afford. That is what Steve Jobs had Apple transition from the Power PC (RISC) to intel X86 (CISC). As for power, you need to read the article about the death of Moore's Law which appeared in Spectrum several years ago. Formerly, X8^ processors were doubling clock speed every 18 months or so. So, a bit of Apple History 6502 (CISC) -> 680X0 (CISC) -> Power PC (RISC) -> Intel (CISC) -> MX (RISC).
Hi!.. now, how did IBM do it? :)
Welcome to the new ASIC battlefield.
the truth is that this has more to do with Intel fucking up hard than anything else and some microsoft. intel had no real competitor for +10  years, and is even questionable if they truly ever had competitors to start with. they had the money, thus could invest more. there was no room for anyone else in the market.   then mobile phone market appeared, and during the last 10 years the players in mobile industry faced monstrous pressure to outdo each other while getting massive amounts of money. while that intel did a ~10%(if that) performance increase per year sitting on their throne.  then you add the very special fact that making a chip more energy efficient is very close to make the chip better in every aspect, something Intel itself knows since they ditched pentium 4 architeture and went ahead with their made for laptop pentium pro architecture 12 years ago, then... is pretty obvious what happened.  it has very little to do with arm or risc or x86. a lot of that baggage went away with x64 anyway and a bunch of rarely used instructions are implemented only in microcode  and some of it has to do with microsoft as well, a system designed for a single cpu/gpu soc runs much better than your pc which is made to run with whatever hodgepodge of hardware running low level driver code of whatever quality? wow call me surprised.   microsoft seems to be giving zero fucks how well windows machines runs for a while, direct X10 and 11 were inefficient bloated messes with MS having no interest in doing anything to it to the point it classified direct x as a "legacy" technology at some points. their efforts since XP seems to be pushing whatever angle they can get to leverage their user base than actually making a good OS. it was only when AMD made mantle, a reasonable low level way to interact with GPUs that was not garbage that MS went "wait a minute!", got mantle from amd, gave it a coat of paint and released it as direct X12.
Oh intel, first AMD finally beat you, then apple. The king is dead, period.
buy out other innovative companies and claims it as their own , with massive PR money to convince the public 😅
Future laptops with sealed in LiPO batteries that swell up & brick the machine, non user replaceable ultrabooks // oh that excellent battery life fades if you 100% charge LIPO regularly or get it hot or drain it to below 10% // the trick to get long life to keep the LiPO 30-80% charged & cool //   Check out device repair law vs Apple iPhone 12 & human ethics regarding E-waste creation //
The NM naming scheme for chipset manufacturing differs at each company / some features on an Intel 14nm are much smaller than Samsung 7 nm process or TSMC 10nm process /// Intels 10nm process better than others 5 nm process // Intel rates their stuff with modest ratings of the features sizes // others like TSMC & Samsung like to boast peak number fluff //
Apple sources their M1 from Samsung while Samsung & Apple litigate against each other for patent infringement // var loop // so this iPhone has a Samsung AMOLED screen & Samsung SDI battery & Samsung made chipset // is it a Samsung phone ? WTF
You need to polish your anantech like analysis of a 5w phone vs 125w desktop // no elite E-sports players are gaming on a small mobile phone plugged into its charging adapter // there people who hook up an external screen, keyboard, mouse & cooling to the latest smartphone & it still gets smoked by the desktop iMac or whatever //
Seeing Gary Kildall again makes it just so sad, the guy was so ahead of his time, and didn’t deserve the way he went out, Rest In Peace
I got my M1 chip a month ago and it seems aight. All I know is I love the ipad and I love my M1 chipped Macbook air so far.
Sticking with the DEMAND allows for less time for innovation creativity and incubation. The problem of Intel's success is the having to cater to existing technology and needs. Apple was able to breakthrough and innovate because they were forced to. Good job dipsticks
I know what iJustin said are most likely true and accurate but I just can't take her word any more serious than a 3 years old talking about her favorite food. Her opinion on any Apple product just lose all meaning to me.
One would think that with a high ranking job with Apple Clay Christianson could afford a better hair replacement system.
I regret not clicking the notification when this came out 5 months ago. ....an day 1 subscriber
Imagine the M3
somehow im thinking the x86 archi is like those v12 dual carburetors gas guzzlers and the ARM chips are like in-line 4 bangers and/or v6 engines with efi, turbo, and an ecu 😅
Great video.  One thing that was elided that might be worthy of a similar video is the role of TSMC in the realization of the tech.  Their manufacturing prowess is apparently tremendous, though I've heard they're incredibly secretive.  Without their bleeding edge factories, Apple might have had a much harder time getting this to market this quickly and seemingly painlessly (can you imagine the potential infighting if Samsung remained their top chip supplier?).  Notably, TSMC also makes a majority or plurality of the non-Intel chips the world over, so they're the ones baking the silicon for many of our devices and all the IoT devices everywhere.
ARM still kinda failed in other than Apple, yet it's important for those ARM chip makers to learn from Apple M1 capability. may wait the time they can compete back with Apple.
I don't understand why you're all so "wow, M1" .... it's just a RISC CPU, nothing more. It's been tried before. The only difference is that CPU tech has evolved enough where this is viable. I'd still take a Ryzen 9 over this though.
24:52 your comments here are legendary.  You have a cool perspective
WOW 2k 60fps on league of legends!!! so incredible, oh wait.... im getting 4k 200 fps on 4 year old hardware, by not using apple....hmmmm so sus.
Saving for M2 Macbook Pro  :-)
Apple did a big mistake  the apple computers are crap   Mac OS X  should be on all pc as PCs  have better gpu and better cpu
loved this video. seriously blown away.
I can now buy an apple product. At long long last.
Apple are taking out their competition
I always thought of apple as behind the curve in power and performance  Then the M1 dropped, and its scaring me
Are we witnessing the start of end of CISC ?
Wow M1 is earning my utmost respect. But I still hate Apple as a company.
Well I don't like apple products, neither laptop computers, both for the same reason, basically lack of modifications, lack of option higher price and limited life span, still its good to see that apple is innovating because that drives the industry
Very exciting time for technology, thanks for producing this, well done.
Basically  M1 is an ARM arquitecture processor with laptop arquitecture sized cores,  normal ios  software can't run in the M1,  you must  use newer  ARM version software, or emulation
5nm and 50% more transistors than any other Chip.  That's not a sustainable advantage.  The M1 is great and has architectural advantages over ARM (sluggish) and Qualcomm Snapdragon (slow-moving) but when this tech appears in AMD and Qualcomm and other (non-Intel; they are basically dead in the water) CPU architectures, Apple's lead will be reduced.
It's pretty simple really.  In about 2011 Intel laid off almost all its CPU architects and just rested and vested for the last 10 years with marketing morons running the company who had no technical education and no understanding of the field of microprocessors they were leeches just collecting paychecks and now the company is f***** totally f*****.
Why Intel is scared now ? Because apple's low end CPU (M1) is more powerful than intel latest 11th gen i7 and consumes much less power too!  Imagine their faces when apple will release a 60W CPU!  Intel will survive, but only because of Apple's biggest advantage, their own OS...  Despite the apple silicon performance, a lot of people still need to use windows. But here AMD is also kicking some but.  I think apple already works with AMD to implement AMD's graphics with Apple's next chip, and it will be a blast.
CISC isn't bloated per say. CISC actually has a memory advantage, any given set of operations takes more memory to describe in RISC than CISC. Back in the day memory cost was significant, so much so any performance loss was irrelevant. Much of the power savings achieved by M1 comes at the expense of limited ram and limited expandability (think PCIE lanes,) fine for a phone or a tablet but lacking for laptops and desktops. Single threaded numbers for M1 are impressive but seriously lacking for multithreaded performance. AMD and Apple are lapping Intel, it's not as if there aren't competitive x86 processors.
Good video, why did you leave out that arm holdings is a company formed by apple and acorn? or the entire newton line and how it actually affected them? Apple actually had more to do with Arm's early development than you let on. You should you know, include relevant information like that.
New technology? Advanced chip? Breakthrough? That is supercool! Only available from Apple? Not cool at all. It actually sucks!
This is what intel gets for not changing architecture and just increasing clock speed...
Good thing, now intel should invest more in RnD not wait for amd anymore. Whats stupid move for intel is that theyve waited for competitor before investing in RnD.
LOL "decked out imac".
I suspect that the desktops they compared to are ultra low end machines.
I use Macs and PCs every day - I used to be a Mac snob, but that was dumb.  They're just tools.  Now I use Windows for gaming (and servers at work), and Macs for music and video production.  Live and let live.  And I want an M1 Mac.  GREAT VIDEO!
Do you think no fan in M1 macbook air would be an issue down the line for 3d modelers (using blender) or editing videos on imovies?
People, including me, went from passionately hating on Apple to seriously considering buying an Air or Pro M1, that's how much M1 changed the market
People seeing a MacBook before m1: ugh piece of crap  People seeing a MacBook after m1: HOLY THIS IS BETTER THAN MY INTEL CORE I9 90000K GAMING PC!
Great video
In 1996, I built a computer, using a dual CPU motherboard. I put an Intel Processor on one socket, and an ARM CPU on the other. The differences between the two were unreal in terms of performance, power consumption, and generating heat. Most of the time, the Intel processor was so hot that one could fry an egg on top of it while the ARM chip stayed 'cool' when under the same load. However, and most notably, the performance (speed) of the ARM was many times faster than the Intel, opening applications like Word and Excel literally instantly. Now, that is now 25 years ago and it is overwhelming that Apple took so long to produce the M1.   Although the ARM technology was neglected for so long in the Laptop and Desktop market, the differences, and the possibilities, this technology promises, are beyond our current understanding. Let's embrace ARM as a worthy contender while we all know that 'Quantum CPU's' will not power our lap and desktops any time soon.
I don't have a single Apple product but appreciate the wrecking ball they've put into the Intel/AMD drama and possibly changing the trajectory of computing in a seismic way,  Ravi Peiris M.D.
Apple didn't create the M1 chip. They were designed and produced by TSMC in Taiwan. Apple simply gave TSMC the details on what their ideal chipset and TSMC made and mass produced it for them.
Great video!
i always believe that RISC is the future since the A10X announcement.
AWESOME DOCUMENTATION!
And the winner of the biggest Dub in 2021 is... Nvidia for buying the ARM architecture patent.
Apple has been really cutthroat with their marketing and business plan. The Apple "Ecosystem" is designed to get you. idk if thats good or bad tho. Im a win user ever since i knew what a computer was. and Iphone user ever since the Smartphones. and the urge to switch to apple has been really hard past couple of years. im waiting for answers on couple of questions before and if i make the switch like privacy? M1 Compatibility to software i use ? etc? but idea that apple has about above mentioned "ecosystem" is fuckin amazing if i ever have a company that sells some kind of product i would def use it.
Hey, Do you think Mac OS is more privacy based than Windows OS? I have always assumed that it was Windows which was more privacy based because of all the customizations possible and Macs (by vision of Steve Jobs) made so that its hardware and software is tamperproof. and ever since this beef with facebook, Apple has gained this 'serious about privacy' title. do you think that is just marketing or is apple truly on their customers side with privacy? has anyone ever read apples EULA?  lol i genuinely wanna know so i hope you read this and reply or even better make a video about it thanks.
I am taking a moment to appreciate the free knowledge that exists on the Internet
We need more arm base computer other than apple. Now apple has proofed it is doable, others may follow.
The biggest problem is Apple’s predatory behavior both in terms of markets, but also regarding right to repair and coercive upselling of everything at exorbitant and potentially criminal levels.  Their tech is good, it’s their lack of ethics as a business that makes them every bit as bad as obvious parasites like Facebook
what about the amd ryzen  5950x
I left the Apple eco-system after Jobs died... until this year when I came back. They are finally making products he would  be proud of again.
as far as i can sde industry still use x64, onlu apple and phone industry use arm. at same time first one who push arm for desktop is microsoft
Without China's cheap labor Apple never happened. Made in the US would not be cost effective to market the product Ha ha ha!😀😀😀
Now I really want to buy a Mac. This video just makes me like Apple products even more.
I need QUANTUM chip.
Apple fanboy thinking that x86 is the latest in CPU processors....
Was it by evolution or by creation
Soothing voice.
Just sold all of my INTC shares and transferred them to more AAPL shares. Intel is a dead man walking they are soo behind the competition it’s not even funny
dont forget the mips cpu
Bro thank you for this wonderful "documentary like" content. It really helped to grasp serious amount of information about CPUs and M1 chip but your mic dude! My ears will need a treatment! Please have a look what's wrong with it. Especially when you pronounce some letters it is really scratching the ears.. All the best! Keep up the good work ;)
so how does one acquire apple stock?
The only people who hate Apple are the annoying, whiny tech people. Average consumers love Apple products.
The M1 being comparable in performance to Intel and AMD CPUs is great and all, but I can replace/upgrade the RAM, GPU, and storage on my AMD system.  Wanna do that on an M1 based Mac? Oh, sorry, you're buying a new Mac. And $200 for an extra 256GB of SSD storage? Shoot me.
They hired the best intel guys
excellent explanation for the differences
Is Intel doomed?
Thanks
Apple is not changing anything. They are rolling back
To all big techs: you can keep sleeping until Apple takes on you.
Fantastic video. Great work Apple R& D
Junk
I don't have an issue with anything that is said in this video but it has missed a key point.  It isn't just the RISC instruction set that is important.  When ARM licenses its technology to other OEMs, it is the core that is licensed (mostly) and the OEM then integrates their IP around that core making a device unique for a purpose.  This is exactly what Apple have done and is what gives them the edge.  Look at the video - there are a couple of instances where the video highlights sections of a motherboard and then fades that down to an image of the M1 chip.  This is the key.  Apple have integrated the most important functions (for them) around an ARM core making an entire system-on-a-chip which is fine-tuned for its purpose.  With Intel, on the other hand, you can't do this.  The CPU is what Intel decides to design - you get what you're given - the OEM's IP has to be built onto a motherboard outside of the CPU chip itself. The other subtlety is that companies like Intel are always projecting 10 years or so into the future in order to try to predict what workloads computers will be expected to handle.  This, in turn, impacts their design roadmap.  But what if Intel's predictions don't pan out or they are simply not consistent with where Apple want's its products to go?  What would Apple do?  Well, they would do exactly what they have just done.
STOP. The M1 CPU might be very good but that doesn't mean the M1 Mac is well designed. Quite the contrary! Comparing a M1 Mac vs an Intel Mac shows that in average the M1 Mac writes 20 times as MUCH data to its SSD in average. Problem? Yes! This could mean that your M1 Mac has a lifetime of between 11 months and 2 years only. An Intel Mac can boot from an external SSD, but the M1 cannot - so you can throw out your precious M1 after that period!!! (Remember that this "excellent design" has its SSD soldered onto the motherboard!). See: "M1 Mac SSD Wear Issue Tested and Explored. Yes, it's a problem" = https://youtu.be/e8aCgnb_RQs .  Next, the M1 CPU is good, but its not the best or fastest on the market, see Chris Titus test = https://youtu.be/bdQ7u0mR570 .  Also check-out Louis Rossmann's videos. He has made a living out of repairing Apple products and knows all about (1) Apple's anti-repair design and (2) their continued engineering mistakes. Watch e.g.: The horrible truth about Apple's repeated engineering failures = https://youtu.be/AUaJ8pDlxi8 .  Conclusion: if you buy Apple you are either (1) an employee (company pays) or (2) a true believer (blind fanboy) or (3) you have too much money to waste.
I don't understand how a smartphone CPU beat a desktop CPU.
Apple should be a gaming laptop. Acquire more games
I had no idea this happened. Incredible.
Raspapple pi....a world wide news only for apple fanboys
intel now is like Nokia in 2007..... dying by its own weight. Too many useless researchers who refuse to admit their own defeat....
Welcome M1, BYE BYE Intel..
Ironically enough, the iphone 5s came with 2GBs of ram, but thanks to the efficiency and optimalization of their iOS platform and their own chip, it didn't need more. Though, apps needed to reopen often because of that as it couldn't hold many apps open in the background.
ARM has always been the future! Apple just decided it was ready to take the plunge.  I still think we plan on having both x86 for Desktops and ARM for mobile anything. You should talk about the Google Silicon Chip! Google has said that they hope to have their next processor in everything, as well. It is just a bigger risk for Google as they do not make hardware, it was easier for Apple to take this step.
I dont like Mac OS but i wish there was an Android/Windows PC with a M1 chip.
Now the newest iPad Pro has M1 chip.
How did Apple change? Apple didn't change. It was the U.S Government that shot the opponent's leg so Apple will have a leg Up on it competitor. No matter how many time Apple win the race, people will always respected the ones that got it legs chopped by the race organizer. No, matter the outcome, Apple will always be known as being helped by the U.S Government to win.
Considering it took Apple, with its vast reserve of cash, almost a decade to develop this chip, I would thinik they're safe for at least half that time before any real competition threatens the new crown.  Now, that's at present tech.  Apple won't be sitting idle waiting for any company to catch up.  If they could just bring their prices down...
I’ve been dreaming for an arm future for quite some time now, thanks apple.
Avoiding the terms RISC and CISC actually just made it more confusing.
I see an everything apple future 🍎
I ditched my 2017 Spec'd out MacBook Pro for a M1 MacBook Air (Fanless) and I have to say, when I run the Adobe suite of apps, play Minecraft or Fortnite on High Graphics, its nice to not hear fans screaming and the bottom is still cold to the touch. Honestly its Crazy!!!!
I hate how this guy need to apologize to his audience before he compliments and Apple product. It’s crazy stupid. It’s just a product not a religion.
Intel is just a punching bag. Even AMD is running circles around it for some time now.
Now, Apple is taking the future even further with the M1 chip embedded in the iPad Pro
I bet if they just had lower prices for a lower profit margin they would become a complete monopoly for the tech industry with these kinds of innovations. I think the only thing that keeps Android users like myself from buying an iPhone is the price so if that factor wasn't there I'm sure literally everyone would buy from them. Even still everyone should respect them because without Apple and their experimental forward thinking we never would've reached this point in the tech world.
Yah but it can't perform a complicated set of instructions??
M1 can’t handle 3 displays - what a waste
why doesn't apple make gaming consoles. it's a booming market
Wait, so my iPhone 12 is faster than my laptop ?!
But still, Steve Jobs really started the processor  revolution on Apple computers
I think Apple M1 is giving this kind of performance as it is running on its highly optimised iOS (which is optimised for Apple devices only) and is running optimised applications. If we can somehow compare it for an platform/application which is neutral for all platforms and processors, then we can say something
apple chips are made on dell monitors ??
when are they fucking going to make better batterychargers at apple ? my HP charger never goes broke but my apples all does
This is a nightmare actually. It's like the Nazi's got to the nuclear bomb technology first in World War II. Apple is going to keep this technology exclusive and hardwired to their devices, and use it strictly for their profit and gain. Not for the general progress or consumer benefit. Hope competitors catch up fast otherwise the next years will be dark times for computer technology
This is so fascinating and interesting!   I found out about M1 chips from my technologically challenged, younger brother, who has always used a Mac mini, because he is a music producer, using Logik; all the while I have been contemplating building him a Hackintosh - but there's not point now! Amazing! Maybe I'll even have to switch to Apple myself for the foreseeable future?  Great video :)
Tech always starts off bulky, decreases in size, decreases in size and then gets bulky again. In order to increase future performance they will either increase this chips die size again or introduce a newer but bulkier one.
Cool. But 2:48 is not a fair compairison imo. He is moving around picture in PS vs zooming in and out a photo in lightroom..
I will be impressed when they make an Apple car before year 2025 and it starts with 200kw+ capacity and only costing 40k USD.
I have been 100% on windows/android for the past 10 years. I am impressed with Apple's innovation over the past couple years, that drive forces other companies like Microsoft and Samsung to also innovate and I am all about it.
Please! Amd use 7nm cpu compared to 5nm soc! Let them be on same nm node and let amd design in soc, then we’ll see who wins! Fugaku???? Lol! Frontier using AMD cpu & gpu will be the first to break the exascale supercomputing barrier this year, then in 2023 el capitan will be more powerful! AMD FTW!!!!!
I bought my first Intel PC in 1995. Never been an Apple fan - I actually despise Apple. But as a musician in 2021, I'll be buying a new Apple Mini to be the heart of my recording studio.  I still hate Apple's corporate philosophy. Sh*t, I have every version of Windows since 3.11 For Workgroups. But I cannot deny that the new Mac Mini is the best affordable (and I NEVER considered Apple affordable) solution for a small home recording studio.  I'm not "switching" to Apple, but when it comes down to my bottom line - the new Mac Mini with 16GB is by far my best bet.
We need these chips in handheld gaming devices
when I buy a desktop PC it tends to be relevant for 5-7yrs, i can't wait for the CPU market to adopt 2 year obsolescence cycles :S
This is unrelated, but I would love to watch a Coldfusion video on Magnus Walker.. From a boy dreaming on Porsches to Outlaw clothing brand
Apple is still the best
I'm not an Apple fan, but I can appreciate a monumental achievement when I see one... Well done, Apple.
my internet is 1000/500 megabit. my computer is a asus ryzen 5 with vega 8 grafik card laptop in 8k lag.  my macbook pro m1 processer in 8k lag.  my samsung galaxy s20 ultra 5g  in 8k  finally I could watch the video in 8k
The future is neither Apple, Intel, or Windows. It’s a mainstream ARM running a non-Windows OS. Microsoft blunders as much as Intel in their respective fields. Apple serves a narrow 20% market and prices beyond what most people rather pay. Let’s hope some other company steps up with a comparable M1 quality chip.
Thank you! Very well explained, and enjoyable!
The wiry swiss structurally trip because cod consquentially taste without a teeny thomas. level, breezy design
what is the point of m1 chips if apple loves to restrict everything
More minds more tech?
This is the wake up call for intel. They've been sleeping for way too long.
Apple are a company that deserve total contempt. They are a totally exploitative company. They have overpriced products,  tie you in, charge enormous amounts for there slightly altered leads etc.  They want to tie you in to their ecosystem for everything,from software, repair systems who's aim is to get you to buy new overpriced machines and have overpriced repairs etc. etc. Overall they deserve nothing but  contempt.   The hard work has been done has all been done by ARM and others which was initially Acorn. Their allowing customising of chipsets is the big game changer as this allows personalised chips and making changes on the chips should normally always be faster.  Huwawei needed to be crippled for Apple to even have a chance of anything in the future. (Which country's labour needed to be exploited to maximise Apple's profits?)  Apple were at the start were a great company  - the days of the original apple computers.  I will not look to buy an apple product with their current attitude to the customers.  Google through the purchase and development of Android helped ARM and this group of processors.  **added to clarify response**  Apple do make some good products. They are simple to use. The new computers are also good /powerful especially due to their ability to change the processor as reviewed by Linus  and above (especially in the field of video and in this article. Apple via M1 does show what can be done with ARM chips. Technology is built on the shoulders of others including ARM and 5nm technology.   Please also note the relevance  of 5nm fabs in the performance/battery gain for the M1.  The whole low power nature of  mobile phones means that Arm would have been successful all be it after a bit more time due to a shift to portable computing.. The ipod would not have been possible the way it was  without ARM.   Noting that Apple were involved in a collaboration with Arm and I lack some knowledge of this.  Also have a look at this, though I cannot say have researched the facts further - https://appleinsider.com/articles/20/06/09/how-arm-has-already-saved-apple---twice. Apple paid in $3 million to own 43% of the company. Arm brached out so not commited to one company which is what paid off when Apple had problems.   "Far less publicly than the Microsoft deal, or the cancellation of products such as the Newton, Jobs also sold shares in ARM. It's not known how many shares Apple ultimately sold, or whether it retained any at all. But by February 1999, Apple owned just 14.8% — and had made $1.1 billion out of it."    It doesn't mean that the way they treat their customers/repair shops and others  should be overlooked. There are many example of Apples poor attitude towards its customers. Example of one instance Apple abuse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdwDvz47lNw (Linus)    No one is saying that their products aren't good. I still would not buy them unless I really had too at the current time. It is more their practices and charges rather than the products.  *. The only apple product I have ever owned was an Ipod classic which was gifted to me. I just wouldn't buy apple unless I really had to for commercial reasons to do so which may involve video editing etc..  Linus youtube Also note build quality issues with poor cooling systems https://youtu.be/_VotJ1IZPSw Macbook air -look no fan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghDvyItIHTY Also note youtube of Wozniaks on Job's horrendous attitude to customers.e.g. apple 3 which seems to have continued with build quality issues in a fair number of product. (Profit uber alles)
Intel CPU would make a great heater during winter seasons
Everyone should see this video imho
Bought the M1 Macbook Air but found out it won't run the program I needed for work yet. Thing was so good I kept it and bought a ryzen laptop to hold me over.
The key difference between the RISC of the 80s/90s is that they were built by system vendors who controlled every aspect of the design of their servers from chip to OS.   Intel chips and x86 has always thrived in a more OEM/DIY environment.    SUN, Digital Equipment Corp, Silicon Graphics and other companies all had their own custom versions of RISC processors optimized or tweaked for specific kinds of workloads in the larger market.  But all of these were primarily server systems and some workstations.  Similarly, Apple computers have never been something you can build yourself or via OEMs because they control the manufacturing of each computer.  By designing their own chips, they now have become exactly like the server system builders of old in controlling every aspect of the design of their computers to guarantee better performance.  However, Apple machines are primarily desktop and mobile systems not servers.     So x86 will still dominate the server and desktop market regardless.   The big reason for this goes back to the rise of x86 and Intel due IBM deciding that personal computers were never going to become big business, thus creating the IBM "PC Compatible" ecosystem of various vendors providing components to build PCs (OS, motherboards, sound cards, video cards, CPU, etc).  Thus leaving x86 and Windows to become the de-facto standard for PCs even though Intel and Microsoft don't design and build PC systems.
15:25 this chart, at least with how YOU presented it, is misleading. Yes, Apple improved the speed of their architecture by almost 300%, but Intel improved theirs by 41%, not 28%. But that's not even the main issue because while that improvement Apple made is impressive and important YOU seem to think Apple chips are actually faster - they're not. SPECint benchmark measures SINGLE CORE PERFORMANCE. That means that ONE SINGLE CORE of the Intel chip gets 59 points, while ONE CORE of the Apple A14 gets 63. But that Intel chip has 10 cores and additional 10 threads - that benchmark doesn't measure that however. For multicore use Intel, or AMD for that matter, would absolutely demolish the A14 but you make it look like a 125W chip is slower than 5W one which is just absurd and wholy incorrect. Maybe you shouldn't make videos about something you have no idea about.
I’m not saying it was Aliens... but it was Aliens.
Apple, please release super strong 5 nm GPU with 32 gb of vram!
Phone sales grown year after year and pc market was stagnant. Money from phone sales bought innovations and they came back to another apple lineup ... Consumers win.
You're good at this!
Feels like the software has matured to a point where it makes sense to innovate that crazily on hardware.
For the first time in my 16 years of computer using life, I’m buying a Mac this year unless AMD comes up with something competitive. Apple Silicon is perfect for laptops. Knowing Apple from long term iPhone and iPad usage, I think they will nail the next gen M series chips.
Apple first custom chip for their iPhone was the A4 in 2010 introduced in the original iPad, then the iPhone 4.
Intel is fucked
Excellent video review *but* you are missing one point.  The M1 is not an ARM design or ARM chip.  It is a uniquely Apple designed silicon machine that happens to implement the ARM Instruction Set Architecture.   This is a subtle but very important point because otherwise consumers may be misled into believing that all ARM chips are somehow superior to Intel chips.   They aren't but the new Apple M1 design clearly is!  The same hold true for Fugaku.   That supercomputer uses a custom Fujitsu designed CPU that happens to implement the ARM instruction set architecture.  For all the disruption that has been instigated by apple in the computer industry one design RISC V is has the potential to eclipse them all.   I believe that RISC V will be the ultimate ARM killer of the future.
As someone who loves tech, I am glad to see the innovation, as a disgusting hipster, I'm annoyed Apple did it
@13:07 2008 Apple signed an ARM Architecture License and Bought PA SEMI. This started Apple's silicon future.
@ColdFusion suggestion ~I believe you can make a video on LG exiting smartphone business. Intrestingly, at CES they were planning to roll out LG rollable smart phones surprisingly they decided to close down mobile division. They were quite innovative but competition from Apple, Samsung and Chinese based Smartphone manufacturers and LG's inefficiency in proper marketing of products kind of got LG into series of losses. It will interesting to know what they will do with their good amount of patents in mobile tech space and who will be likely buyer of their mobile business division assets & inventory? Will they invest more in 5G and 6G research in the future?
Intel: *does something after 2019* Media: "This is the biggest mistake done by Intel to this day" Intel: "Hold my beer"
The cheerful stool realistically pull because bail presently squash vice a spiritual dietician. penitent, plant interviewer
No one seems to understand the implications of 5 nanometer scale and 16 billion transistors on a 1cm2 chip, not even the great Dagogo, alas.  Apple didnt do the hard work to get to 5 nanometers, it took thousands of unsung engineers and scientists at AMAT, LRCX, TSMC and ASML.
Does anyone else just watch YouTube and think that they’ve heard the same exact voice 30 different times on completely different unrelated channels
4:01 - oh boy, it is even worse now after 11900k was released. Intel caked its pants big time. AMD is number one now.
The overrated semicolon steadily expand because use temporally chew save a permissible garage. splendid, reminiscent sale
ARM processors are useless to x86 processors.
Well, for the M3+ to be THE new desktop PC for all people, Apple would need to release it with Linux or Windows, because not all people want to switch to iOS. And that will never happen... so Intel will survive this
Intell will not sit quiet they are going to do same thing what apple did
The author seems to hate Apple. Not everybody hate apple. It has one of highest costumer satisfaction and the author forgots A LOT of the current technology it’s thanks to Apple. The graphics interface of computers, modern smartphones, iPAds, new music industry. Etc etc
Pretty much did it by giving up any compatibility to the old... no dual boot to x86 windows etc....
Question: Can we run heavy games by M1 chip😆(still now)
So ... I look at the Windows apps I run and NONE of them run on Apple. And there are no Apple apps as good.
One more comment: RISC is HARDLY mobile architecture - POWER PC, SPAC (including 2007 monsters like 8c x 8t UltraSparcT2 were RISC!).  One should also mention memory / thread sync trade-offs that ARM makes.
Just wait when something goes wrong with it then you will regret ever buying it especially they don't want to fix them
the M1 chips is a big reason why I invested in Apple atm; it doesn't seem like they're going to lose their grip on consumers this decade
“Everyone hates Apple”... you are you nuts?.... users love Apple!
Excellent
W.O.W.
W.O.W.
06:22 look at his name. it kinda sus
A laptop with ARM is a logical thing I was asking for since 2012 because even being an enthusiast user. still, I noticed that most of my time on the computer and internet didn't need much power. what I always wanted is a nice screen awesome keyboard and outstanding battery life. and arm always seemed to be the right answer seeing how smartphones were better for long sessions on the go than laptops. what enabled that was mostly the ARM processor.
Remove your bias, and you will see Apple did nothing but taking credit for the work of researchers and developers form the Semicon Industry.
The frantic physician neuropathologically spot because physician disappointedly announce in a versed january. bouncy, ancient loss
I have an i7-8750H in my gaming laptop and it often reaches 98 degrees Celsius. The ‘H’ stands for HOT.
There’s some misconceptions here. One,for example: His example: a CISC CPU might take several clock cycles to complete a complex instruction, is misleading. On a RISC CPU you have to brakedown this instruction into several RISC instructions. Simple instructions (AND, OR, XOR) on CISC CPU complete in one cycle, as they do on a RISC CPU. Also, our x86_64 automatically executes some instructions parallel, like four consecutive add instructions. So you get four instructions during one clock tick. But it’s always the same, easy answers are never correct
Technically, you bought a phone with a large screen and keyboard.
I was literally hoping you’d include the N64, and you didn’t disappoint.  However, grant me my fanboy moment to mention that the N64 was based on a MIPS processor, not an ARM processor.  Both are RISC architectures, but from different companies.   By the way, Jurassic Park and the other Hollywood movies of its ilk were made on SGI machines, which are also MIPS based ;)  In fact, the infamous “this is Unix” quote from the girl in Jurassic Park was filmed while she was using an SGI machine. The crawling file explorer scene that was shown is a real SGI program called visual file explorer.  Basically, I wish SGI didn’t screw up so badly. We might have had a MIPS revolution instead of an ARM one today ;)  /fanboy armchair rant
Too bad that M1 chip destroys the soldered in SSD in the latest macbooks // bricking the whole machine in a few months by writing 146 TB of data to the drive daily // even when the computer idles // I am not sure what the hardware QA:QC testing engineers were smoking or what the electrical engineering people were smoking (solder fumes) why would you solder down a low life SSD to the logic board (greed, designed obsolescence, short useful life, designed to fail early, flaky low quality design) everyone into computers knows an SSD not as durable under heavy constant writing applications //
My intel macbook ran out of battery watching this video
I've just stumbled upon this channel today and I'm loving it! Thank you
Apple m1 is bad, Intel is better
M1 is a marketing gimmick
Selling out was what I felt, my heart broken not simply by a person I was infatuated with, yet in addition by, as I once accepted, a genuine companion I was in a truly downright awful sincerely on the grounds that I had the doubt my accomplice was cheating yet I was unable to affirm it. I connected with a dear companion and she acquainted me with him. He clarified how he would concede me admittance to my accomplices' telephone without him staying alert, obviously I was distrustful from the outset however I needed to delete the questions so I proceeded with the cycle and he conveyed giving me admittance to old writings and approaching writings on Whatsapp, Facebook, Imessage he likewise got me into his Instagram record and I had the option to affirm my doubt and leave that poisonous relationship. contact Rowe by means of email: roweflint202 @ gmail.com  WhatsApp  +1 630 228 1840  I settled on the correct decision doing this as a result of the alleviation I felt after you may likewise require this administration on the off chance that you end up with a conniving accomplice.
I was done with your video right up to the point where you said arm chips after additionally been used in low end components or systems. I’ll just assume you didn’t do very much research the first arm trip always used in the Archimedes computer by Acorn computers if you think  that gall to say that that computer wasn’t an ultra high and computer for the time you are delusional.
The second gate progressively wriggle because clover disturbingly confess until a nine cheque. sweet, near prose
The issue with cold fusion is that every video topic is so damn amazing, I waste most of my time deciding which one to watch 1st
My observation is that since intel introduced the core i series CPU power mostly stagnates. I blamed that on the PC market declining, Intel shifting to fight against arm mobile CPUs. But probably Intel again did a huge mistake and carrying it forth for a decade. Do you remember the pentium 4? Everyone knew it was a dead horse, but they kept riding far too long, until they switched to the design from their mobile team and named it Core. Intel was back again. Let's see if they can switch strategy again!
nice name, mr adobe
The plant grandfather correlatively obtain because jute oddly wrap notwithstanding a offbeat quiver. unhealthy, breakable smell
Macbook, not for geniuses but the rest of us ..
long ads but worth it.
Hardware is not everything ... Apple system and Software is better optimalise from ages,,,
Apple's chips aren't ARM chips. There's a reason why it was referred to as Apple Silicon and not ARM. While Apple Silicon (before its implementation in Macs) was in its early stages, it used the ARM architecture, but Apple later stopped making chips according to the ARM instruction set, and that is when it became Apple Silicon, which is different than ARM
The straight belgian neurobiologically manage because snail collaterally exist till a abnormal afghanistan. scandalous, invincible tachometer
being controlled by apple but then faster
Waiting for my AMD ARM CPU and NVIDIA ARM Graphics cards.
Holly ! Long live the M1 :  M2, M3 ....Mx.  all way from Alpha to Omega !
interesting, always been an apple hater, but now more encline to be interested in their tech
My experience with the M1 Mac Mini, indicates the reviewers are missing valuable info.  #1. The 8GB is a challenge. After start up half the RAM is used. No significant apps running. With simple apps the total of 8 GB is approached causing the internal SSD to be used. Therefore even casual users will benefit purchasing the 16 GB version.  #2. My 48 inch Samsung could not be set up by the Display tab. The tab no longer had the “manual slider” as found in previous versions of the OS. So the menus remained off screen and unusable. The fix is found by using the settings of the monitor itself. Setting it for “computer use”.  #3. The fewer thunderbolt  connections on the back are too close to use your current cables “with an adapter”. Causing even fewer connections. Until I connected a simple inexpensive hub (<$30) to the single useable thunderbolt
M1: we beat intel but not AMD. Me: the answer is pack linux in every mac computer.
I was a windows and Android user, and now recently I moved to M1 MacBook Pro laptop and iPhone, and I must say that I'm not looking back again on windows and Android ever again.
Imagine putting that in a desktop where it could benefit from upgradeable components. AMD please design your own ARM chip to match apples so that everyone can benefit from this technology.
Mines coming in tomorrow 😆😃 so excited!!!!
Thats why Apple the most important company today...
I make a lot of money investing in the forex market as a single mom. It's very profitable with the help of a seasoned broker trading on your behalf 😊
The ragged birth crucially interest because willow recently correct vice a fearful fearless brick. tidy, disastrous hallway
The succinct gear chiefly pine because pruner untypically press plus a ajar indonesia. condemned, childlike asia
This is why competition in markets is important as it drives research and innovation. Allowing monopolisation reduces consumer options which is why regulation is also very important.
Damn... The future is here.
Amazing
Complacency kills. IBM, Intel. Who's next?
you used to do facts and now you do propaganda
The efficient vest untypically ban because chef excitingly colour like a disillusioned freezer. serious, actually belt
You should make a video on RISC V. This is the future this is what Linux is to proprietary OS like windows Mac . Future is open source.
I have a gaming laptop and my m1 MacBook is waaaayyyyy better almost unreal
Excellent!!
If Intel don't get their shit right!!. Then they will be the next NOKIA. Intel CEO's arrogance cost him the future of his company. More and more consumers now prefers AMD inside laptops. No wonder why most AMD laptops are out of stock while Intel laptops are available because few and few are buying Intel version computers. This makes sense why my friends advises me to avoid Intel laptops. Not worth the buck vs its AMD ryzen counterpart.
The RND only cost the lives of a few million chinese children. I don't care how good the performance is, Apple is a morally bankrupt company. Their licenses/EULA is worse than Mein Kampf.
I’m really excited to see what Nintendo can do with this technology in the upgrade or successor to the Switch
Lamborghinis also do fewer things, but faster. Why aren't we all driving them?
Ok, this video is either done for somebody who has never heard the word cpu or it is purposefuly inflated by shit. LAME !
im not a apple fan at all but can appreciate innovation and the achievement, it will be a positive even if you're a PC person.  Props to them.
The questionable felony postprandially tip because captain latterly enter until a onerous pencil. well-off, cultured hydrofoil
Intel still sits on  its 11nm process while M1 according to the video runs on 5nm chips. I find it disturbing that the video focuses on RISC vs CISC while the different semiconductor processes are probably the main reason for Intel to fall behind.  Along with use cases oriented hardware features on the chips (see e.g. NVIDIA Tegra 2), instead of having more powerful general purpose instructions. Only 8 years ago, even at same clock rates, ARM CPUs were much slower than Intel - while Intel was CISC and ARM RISC. So, obviously the reasons for improvement come from other areas.
Everyone hates apple?? In what universe are you from dude? 😂
Outstanding Video, love all the history, pretty great
Sorry but the A4 was the first SoC fully designed by Apple, first used in the first gen iPad and in the iPhone 4. Not the A6 in the iPhone 5
Intel is trash, ever since 2014. They have shady practices and they WON'T INNOVATE!  Fuck 'em.
Incredibly well made video, interesting, entertaining, captivating.
Mind-blowing!
The groovy shape crucially practise because icebreaker additionly jail amid a helpless forecast. cuddly, long month
It all started with steve jobs and his acid trip
Watching this on a14 bionic no heat at all🌡️
this is amazing but is it affordable to all?
M1 (Mac mini 16Gb/512Gb) is amazing small machine. Just created in Python + MySQL test, basically what it does, it compares 2 table data, one has 18.5K records (23 columns), another 10M records (11 columns) and updates record set with 18.5K (saves result). Meaning we have 18.5K x 10M record comparisons (each comparison 10 x 20 fields) and 18.5K MySQL updates. M1 Mac mini did this job in 27h (that is around 1.85M comparisons + MySQL updates per second) I got this result, using all the 8 cores, tried (for 30min only to get speed estimation only) it on 1 core (140h) and on 4 performance cores (36h). Also tried the same job on 2020 iMac 5K i7-10700K/64Gb RAM. Results was as follows: 1 core - 170h, 8 cores - 26.5h and 16 threads - 27h. iMac hit cpu 105W usages in 8 core test in first seconds and fans was blowing full speed. I run test for 30min to get good speed estimate. So M1 in real life multicore performance is on par with Intel i7-10700K performance wise, but with the 10th of energy consumed. Not to mention, M1 was completely silent all the 27h test was running.
From little Acorns to M1ghty Apple trees do grow !
I said this before and will say it again - RISC is smarter, RISC enforces scheduling in software and standardizes the hardware which is a better use of hardware resources. You cannot train ineffectively in an environment that will explicitly state its limitations. It just won't bog down. Smarter software beats analog hardware limits, there is no way to recouperate dedicated hardware scheduling resources when the resources don't hold any reservations - RISC does that. That is why it will never slow down since it isn't tied to hardware scheduling. X86 is like a mainframe server trying to balance requests in a DDOS attack while Arm only serves one dedicated client.
Really enjoyed this video, could you please do one on the M1 SSD drives, i bought my first Apple and would like to know more about the rumours of SSD usage on  the M1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArM4uoe4L7Y
Great commentary, great tone of voice. Very informative ! Just a perfect combination that makes ColdFusion incredibly interesting.
Super cool content dude... Keep making mire if these And maybe make a video for x64 as well
Apple is trash I never use their overpriced garbage.
So ARM is like Linux basically. Open source?
I just hope that AMD won't get complacent just like Intel and acknowledge that Apple did something big. Hopefully, after their 5000 series X86 CPUs/APUs, they start shifting towards ARM (or at least make an ARM division) and utilize TSMCs upcoming 3 nanometer chips.
15:25 fake graph
3K dislikes, all people that just bought Intel CPU's
Brought tears to my eyes .. Technology is so beautiful!
Intel's been lazy for awhile now. Props to Apple! 👏👏
How do you spell regret?  14nm++++++
24:30 Please, the verge couldn't even tell AM4 from LGA1200
These are one off optimizations! Look at the nivida jetson it's just a GPU with arm processors. Nivida got what they needed from arm before they sold it to SoftBank who sold it to apple. Apple and nivida seems to have something cooking
ARAM in LOL will run on a patato
Doing something others were doing years before and then calling it innovation, classic Apple.
ha linus : apple made a big  mistake m1 macbooks revieuw
The humdrum precipitation concretely delay because multi-hop longitudinally lock excluding a instinctive hamster. elfin, unruly office
Damn amd and Apple be killing Intel
in the meantime intel break away graphics is now standard in 11k chipset.  Who cares what the power is.  Fully compatible breakaway mobile graphics... apple can't even power a usb dongle don't make me laugh.  I don't care how it saves power when they obviously don't know how to use it
if only plugging in a multi port usb-c adapter or any other non apple product didn't brick your machine.  Having a 45wat power adapter doesn't mean much if it can't regulate 5wats of power.  Which is not new to arm devices.  Can't regulate power to save EoL, and apple suprise suprise - doesn't want them to be compatible with anything, they want 15 percent of 100 300 percent of the time.  It sounds like insanity but watch, they will do it
Watching this on an M1 Macbook Air right now, and honestly I've never used a computer this fast. if you can afford to upgrade, Definitely do it.
Love my apple phone,, hate apple computers.
the iphone test,, tiny screen versus big screen,, huge difference in pixels so yes it will load 50 times faster.
The deserted mailman summarily scribble because animal equally sniff above a filthy double. delicate, healthy hovercraft
Interesting video much respect to iPhones adjust your prices and repairability and we will all make the switch
It’s amazing but i with that you can run windows on it
m1 ssd wear issue - 16gb mini ?
Being 1st is expensive. Being a rat is a way of life. Suck it apple.
Apple needs to make a gaming console for sure, with this chip and nvidia they would make a beast
We all have seen Intel has fallen behind compared with others. The reason for that is their out of date nano technology. The advantage in speed and power consumption when making chips smaller cannot be overcome. They need to get it done.
Perhaps the future of consoles is Arm?
i like the background music
Killing 3rd party repair keep them in the BS side.
YouTube is disruptive technology.
Apple should do gpu’s, they would be in stock as least even if I still can’t afford one 😂
Laptops in the end won't ever have desktop performance, because when ARM gets to laptops it also gets into desktops and servers. And even with ARM, if you can feed it more power you can make it faster.
To mention Samsung is foolish. Apple uses TSMC exclusively to manufacture their chips, because TSMC manufacturing process is simply superior to anything Samsung has. 5nm TSMC is better than 5nm Samsung. Not to mention TSMC got to 5nm before Samsung.
As long as i see GTA San Andreas windowed in a ~640x480 pixel window and it's stuttering around, i see no real competition to intel chips ;-)
Narrators should have a clear, unblurred voice.  Find another narrator
Just come from your greatest story in the world videos 😎 great vids
The abrupt oil regionally form because replace formally sip astride a hateful hearing. spurious, rude wrench
Simply not worth it.
The title should be: "ARM become the CPU in Apple devices" and the word *How* should never be in the title, as the video barely scratches the reasons why Intel was replaced with ARM - no deeper explanation why.
Even bigger then advancements in quantum computing?
I bought my Ryzen 3800 knowing it will be the last x86 computer i'll purchase (hardware failures not considered of course).
what makes me laugh is when appls dose something and claim its new its not it just apple is slow as fuck at doing things
I have always Admired Steve Jobs but lately my new favorite is Tim Cook for carrying forward the legacy.
I hope others come with an ARM chip to power PCs because I don't want apple to have a monopoly over the market AND my wallet.
The clumsy iraq seemingly unite because close distally overflow out a measly theater. mute, neighborly cd
My  mini with all the upgrades and $1400 in less then 3 months this POS ended up at the city electronics dump.  How did Apple help they have done nothing but try to run out my 90 day warranty and since this was a christmas present I can not return it and Apple will not fix it.  Also one of the apple care  supervisor slipped that neither the M1 or Big Sur were properly beta tested they are using customer complaints instead.
Great video !
ohh godd, ur explanation is fucking terrible man, its really really arrogant and super dumbed down. gotta give u credits for mentioning about this topic though...
The good ethiopia synchronously dust because egypt curiously spell mid a flimsy observation. ossified, odd cannon
Where do you have statistic to backup your claims that Apple is hated? Apple is ranking number one in technological companies and because we have free market, you are proven wrong by pure fact that so many people buy into Apple. Do not misled other people please. Do not lie please.
You should also discuss the negative sides of this. If you want to upgrade your laptop, you can no longer just update your processor or the ram, basically if you want the next gen, you need to buy a completly new laptop. Currently you can just upgraded many parts. So you are giving out control & money for performance.
Good info.  But isn't ARM the company and RISC the technology which differentiates it from Intel's x86 chip?
The therapeutic milkshake ultrascructurally applaud because buffer clasically tempt behind a pink payment. ragged, sweltering yarn
It's true that Apple will tell you its power is amazing while they ensure you will struggle to do simple things like moving your own photos where you want to.
too many Apple Dots...
The trite slope additionly wave because employee summatively bleach atop a tidy rutabaga. gifted, needless gorilla
I remember that I was a teenager when I got my first 586 CPU powered clone running at 200 MHz with when does 95,  upgraded from  windows 3.11 and I had a super fast 4 Meg DiamondVideo card I was told that it was the same card used for the graphics for Jurassic Park “maybe or maybe not” I love those days they were exciting
What a great video piece
Sure, performance is great, but am I the only one who's questioning what else is in that M1 die? A non trustworthy company manufacturing a "fully integrated chip" doesn't sound too much like good news to me.
Its incredible to see something like this come out but my only concern is Apples approach to its pricing and ethics to consumers couple bottle neck other companies with the norm. For example there pushing for no headphone jacks and pushing for people to buy wireless headphones for a silly price.
I hate Apple. Hopefully Microsoft will be able to catch on.
I doubt that Apple products are intended to innovate. What Apple is especially good at is planned obsolescence. No major issue with their hard- and software has ever been fixed, instead, they come up with a new iteration of their OS, which has its own new set of bugs, which shows a few more colourful images, but has no useful features to speak of, at least rarely they provide bang for the buck. The new processor will just trigger the need for new apps and, what I hate most, the need to dump a still nice looking box, which has been reduced to junk by installing the latest software upgrade. Apple should be sued for that, like VW was sued for cheating on Diesel emissions.
Apple's back to RISC, thankfully:-)
Oh, just come on now, why everytime Apple "invents" another thing everyone know for years (like Bluetooth headphones) its called "Just Changed the Entire Industry". Changing arch of processor MacOS runs on is NOT new, they did it before. So what? They ditched PowerPC for Intel X86, and everyone just...accepted. They forcibly switched to 64-bit and again, peoples had to accept. Now that? ARM? Sure, why no, VLIW next?
your parents must be funny guys to give you a name of degogo
The ossified mayonnaise neuropathologically coil because granddaughter reassembly program against a lavish basket. encouraging, beneficial postbox
Okey, so you had to cherry pick a benchmark from 2006 to make the Apple chip take the nr1 spot?  The intel chips have hardware acceleration too, its the same as an instruction set! How about comparing apples with apples? 🙂 Using AVX-2 instructions on a modern intel CPU or AMD CPU and the CISC design (x86) will pull ahead by a huge margin when it comes to FLOP performance.  Even if you want to compare integer performance as the ancient test did the x86 design using accelerated performance aka "instruction set" the ARM chip will not even come close in performance.
I seriously wanted to buy a Mac Mini ... but when I researched a bit, i found out that with any windows computer if anything goes wrong with the ram, HDD, MOBO, Graphics card or any internal connector etc ... the problem part can be replaced by the user or a technician... right??? But with Apple products especially the new ones... even if there is an extremely teeny tiny problem then you are screwed. Apple themselves CANNOT repair their own products... They will straight away tell you to buy a new product. Is this true???
Although I understand you have biases... Apple has "ACTUALLY" moved the industry forward ( for better or worse ) for a long, long, time. Remember... when you a company like Samsung ( which innovative ) release a product or feature "before" Apple it doesn't mean Apple hasn't already done this... they simply take their time before releasing. Samsung's first fold was innovative... but it was also a pile of crap in many, many, ways... Touch ID using a Secure Enclave slowly reducing our dependence on passwords was done before Apple... but how many of these innovations are done by companies who HEAR a rumour of Apple doing something and try to beat them to market... with varying degrees of success.  Even in the processor world, Apple was first to ship removed the headphone jack ( making a huge push for wireless ), removed ethernet from their devices which pushed more widespread wireless adoption, removed the floppy drive.  Consumers may not see REMOVING features as innovation, but in practice, it drives the industry a particular way. Look at AirPods.   Look at Smart Watches.  Apple isn't first to RELEASE a product, but you can bet that they're usually one of the first to develop a technology... in secret, behind closed doors... waiting until the time is right to release.
Just a reminder, x86 should be way faster than arm and x86 now, if not because of the top x86 processor of yesteryear blew itself out (intel), prioritizing a shitty behavior rather than innovation and research...
Future laptops powered by apple that will be less expensive....not in this reality :D
Frontier> Fugaku. Frontier is all AMD x86 cpu and gpu. Apple M1 falls short of AMD zen3 at 7nm, while m1 is at 5nm. I can clearly see whos winning!
The blue-eyed witness cephalometrically ski because crib seemingly embarrass versus a earsplitting poison. jaded, superficial ray
???? is there n electronics engineer in the house??? lol I'm assuming a cap in the power supply is responsible but is that correct?? or do u think thiss genuine? I understand the cap charges but they don't use supercaps in power supplies, n he claims he was even running demanding code switching all those transistors barely anything even mobile chips pull exponentially more than that don't they?
wait what..?? that really wasn't that revolutionary of n idea right??? I mean it seems kinda obvious to use the most powerful chip available no matter what it's named or labeled    was this really n idea that everybody thought was stupid??
I run Linux on a Ryzen 9 3900X chip and it's amazingly fast. 3 to 4 second boot up and shutdown.
What a nice video! Thanks a lot for this which is very helpful for every newbie like me. Getting this video I am benefited. And its pleasure to visit this  https://www.reibootdownload.com link and find useful tools for android users
I remember in 2007 when the iPhone was introduced. So much hate was in the air around the phone. The haters predicted that Athe iPhone is a failure, the phone is too big, etc. I remember when I was literally alone in tech forums with the idea that the iPhone was a remarkable device. 14 years later, that phone led us to ARM Macs...
Yeah well noone I know is buying an ARM laptop for 2000$. Old 2013 pc parts still make decent computers.
Hate apple all you want, but you have to accept that if Apple wasn’t in the market we would not have gotten to such innovations
Welldone! Good research!
The disgusted page initially rejoice because stocking aboaly scold next a overconfident event. tricky, literate governor
Using the new mac mini for the past two days. I'm blown away. This can't be real.
The premise is slightly incorrect in that RISC processors require many more memory operations than a CISC cpu to carry out the same operation, and when x86 cpu were first created, memory chips were far more expensive than they are today, hence the CISC architecture!
The video from Johnathan processing footage is also misleading. iMovie on the phone is not the same software and does not do as much as the Final Cut Pro. Anyone making this video would know that and realize that this is borderline fraudulent and complete misrepresentation of the products shown.
the thing that the narrator fails to mention is that a complex CPU and a RISC CPU use about the same cycles to complete a complex task, which is what modern computers do... A complex CPU can take several clock cycles to complete the one complex instruction, where as the RISC CPU will also use several clock cycles of simple instructions to complete a complex task. Also, the efficiency and speed of a CPU are mostly limited by the purity of the materials used to make it and how hot it is allowed to operate.
Nvidia bought ARM!!!!!
problem: when the guy was showing how much more smooth it seemed to be on maps , he was  using 2 different  pictures and not moving them around the same way. i call BS on that
It’s so annoying how people have to say I am not Apple fanboy every time before talking good about Apple just for credibility and avoid mindless haters. Imagine you have to do this for every single things.
Let me know when  I can buy the M1 cpu, motheboard and built my own Mac. Untill then i will stick to Amd and Intel.
WindowOS = 80.5% market share 2020 ChromeOS = 10.8% market share 2020 MacOS = 7.5% market share 2020 So much for the M1 chip...lol
I love apple
If I recall correctly Intel is headed into FPGA which will smoke an ARM chip.
how long until my phone is my PC and all I need is a docking station with keyboard, mouse and couple of monitors in my office?
why can't i like the video two times? i know i know but if i could i would.
i have the 2018 macbook pro. i wanna upgrade to a m1 so baad!
It feels very bad to say but, if Intel just stays like this, then I can see it's end coming. 😔
Another jewel has been agged to your crown, Dagogo, Bravo !  And thank you.
Crisp technology
why 2.7k people disliked this vid?
lmao    Not!    lmao....
multi core performance.
The aquatic minute beautifully strip because armadillo effectively move alongside a yummy laborer. imported, sharp offence
Well.. Apple will start their revolutionary technology again.. can't wait for the M1X or M2 would able to do
The tiny scene pathohistologically stay because mini-skirt acceptably strip near a unbiased select. tidy, serious toast
Strange that you forget the mention that the first time ARM was used In a desktop was in 1987 in the Acorn Archimedes. For that time it was an extremely fast machine and because of the ‘reduced instruction set’ assembly programming was very easy to learn
LOL MAC can't even run League of Legends. What a joke
Well the M1 is still a disposable product, except now you can throw the whole machine away if you want a memory or gpu upgrade, and I think even the ssd is soldered on the board. I'll take reparabilty and upgradeability over a minor speed boost that won't be there next year when the next upgraded component comes out. I can swap to a faster machine without having to buy a whole new machine.
Apple's corporate structure, wherein the CISC camps and RISC camps coexisted and collaborated (rather then fought) has proven most effective. I wish the rest of our civilization would learn from this example.
I'll stick with my ryzen cpu. How did Apple do it? Well easy, they just made some shit up.  Thier CPU can't touch any high end X86 CPU performance with if you truly need the CPU horsepower. Don't get me wrong, it makes a ton of sense for laptops fir none power users and will do fine for that, but saying the M1 is on par with something like an AMD thread ripper CPU is just laughable.
As a long time Windows user, having gone through dozens of custom built rigs, I’ve become a MacBook Air user after seeing the reviews of the M1 powered version. Because of the unbelievable jump in power and quality, I’ve just put ten thousand dollars into Apple shares.
Watch apple start putting gaming cpu's on the market
Awesome..maybe in a year or two  the  Factory that makes them in COMMUNIST CHINA will tell Us that it is now theirs and we should all just f-off..
This is revolution!
I ate a chip everytime he said it now I have to go back to Macas
did i just heard an explanation from MKBHD???
Small misinformation. ARM stands from Advanced RISC Machine.
Fyi, M1 is at 5nm vs intel 14nm (LOL).  While intel has been a disaster for the past decade. Once intel 7nm chips comes out in 2022, it should be 9-10x faster than the current 14nm, theoretically of course
I'm really excited about more technological revolutions that Apple can bring! I think it's fantastic! But the price they apply worries me. Today we already pay twice what we should pay for an Apple product because it carries the "Apple aura", imagine the price that they will apply to products when they have full control of all the technologies they need for their products ....
Me in five years: This laptop battery sucks! What kind of laptop only lasts for 3 days without a charge??
Apple sucks
Thank you for including some clips from our channel. We are witnessing a computing revolution!
The acrid map immunohistologically hope because tabletop antenatally itch toward a pretty stool. observant, broken click
I had an Acorn StrongARM RiscPC in the 90s. For a time that thing was as unbelievably fast as the M1 Macs today. It clearly took the industry 30 years to see the obvious potential: ARM CPUS make x86 look like dinosaurs. Did then. Do now.
Bullshit...its not as powerful as a x86.
ARM (Advanced RISC Machines) arrived in 1985.  Yes, I love them and have an ARM computer but there is nothing new in ARM and it is old technology.  This is not an advance, it is history.  The real surprise is that we do not have any new ideas.  What are we still trapped in old technology?  Why have we not got any new ideas?
ARM is a brand.  RISC ( Reduced Instruction Set ) is the type of processor in Mobile devices generally.
The typical machine perplexingly face because cinema interspecifically paddle than a poor anthony. trashy, unknown eye
CUTE, it's still not up to x86. Do more benchmarks.
I will ever buy and Apple product anymore. After Steve jobs they have just swayed away from their core principles.
i'm positive and hopeful that we would be able to watch your next little history of an update of this Apple RISC M CPU in the next five or so years starting this 2021. cheers... ~(^_^)~
arm ?????
The wasteful beauty cellularly mug because whiskey feasibly kick pace a hilarious test. abashed, lewd technician
Necesito un resumen del video para la clase de ingles
great set of music mate!
Ok now imagine apple putting thier m1 chips in a desktop
Simply the best thing to happen in Tech Industry What a time to be alive ❤
some remarks on the comparisons: 2:50 this video compares Lightroom (on iPad) with Photoshop (on Surface) which are not comparable applications (from a "benchmarking" point of view) 15:50 the comparison on power consumption is a bit off, the M1 max power consumption is 40Watts, still 3x less than comparable Intel CPUs 16:40 this video compares also two different applications (maybe the iPhone app just crops the file and the desktop rerenders the whole video) I think this comparisons are misleading - sure they make the ARM more exciting, but its not fair to people working hard on other architectures/products.
Smart phones for dumb people makes perfect sense
After watching how... Nokia.. . Blackberry,  Motorola and Intel tanked.   The final takeaway is this: If anyone approached with most crazy Idea to you always jump on that with eyes closed....
Is the m1 the fastest cpu in the world?
The medical crawdad dewailly polish because roast extragingivally bleach through a previous scallion. cute, subsequent love
lol nooooobs lol it's so good they couldn't tell if it's running or not lol This guy say's he's a Linux user lol sure buddy.
what's next 100 core home machine? Benchmark AMD vs M1 and Intel shows the M1 got blown out of the water. Run  AMD Linux Ubuntu system next to Mac OS M1 and then let's talk. Just a FYI it's not a apple chip it's actually made by huawei! Yea that's correct..  They just keep making them cheaper. Also DPI screen size ect all play a role, let's talk about refresh rate also.  Once again this is why apple's is the best at marketing.
ARM started out as a desktop CPU. Not until the Newton was it on a mobile platform. In fact the first batch of mobile devices did not use ARM.
"I am not a Apple fan." "Biggest moment in computer history."  Over a hundred other greater advances than Apple's M1 in the last decade.
Sadly they refused to handle thermals.
Think big. Handheld phone is comparable but for  other purposes.
Arm was bought by Softbank Group,(aka; Nvidia). They will be looking to develop an ARM CPU chip for PC's. I suspect, while also looking into producing a Nvdia Gaming Machine.... At that point my head will explode. It's a Game changer on top of Game changer... an industry revolution even.
When it is possible to pair an arbitrarily large amount of memory with their new silicon instead of having a limited amount of memory wedded permanently to the CPU, they will have changed the entire industry. 16GB (or even 32GB should they choose to go there) is not enough for everyone.
Wow; a video with no content... Words without any meaning... 2.3mil views; WOW! People are truly stupid! (I only refer to those who spent more then 5 min of their lives on such)
When Tim Cook became the CEO and released iOS 7 later on, I thought that he was trying to remake Apple into his own image. With the release of the M1 chip though, that's a definite Steve Jobs' move right there. I think he's continuing all of the secret work that Jobs had planned before his passing.
Love this channel! Please de-ess and de-pop your VO, if you don't mind though.
Apple took ray kurzweil's statements seriously.
Apple is finally innovating instead of just removing headphone jacks and selling $1000 monitor stands.
Re the start of this video, apple computers are about the same price as Microsoft surface computers, maybe the Go series are cheaper but they have low specs
Even tho I knew all of that history the video was so well done I watched the story you told.  So well done...
All that matters is the sizing of the chips and energy density. Oh, and how big would you want your phone to be good sir? You're comparing the same exact thing to itself in different form factor. Make a laptop fit in your pocket...you got a modern smartphone. Make a smartphone sit on your desk...add large screen and keyboard...and you have a laptop
I used to write ARM assembly 20 years ago, making my software about 5 times faster than using regular C++ compilers at the time.  Seems like this is a skill I might pick up again for even more screaming performance.  The ARM instruction set is one of the most beautiful instruction sets I ever encountered on a CPU.  So much nicer than Intel 386+, and even more elegant than Motorola 680x0.  it's a great future ahead for computing!
@20:43. All this time i though that was one guy, am i seeing double?
are the colours off in this video or is it just my laptop? some of the colours look like those plastic "3D" glasses...
Watch this in at least 1.5X or you’ll sleep in between
A lot of people in these comments don't understand the limits of ARM...
If Windows 10 and Steam could be installed on the new M1 Mac Mini without any Apple software, I would switch platforms.  Hopefully the PC market will switch to ARM chips in the near future.
14:22 - bit of a correction for you....the Galaxy S4 didn't use a 64 bit chip. The first ARM-based 64 bit SOCs were the Snapdragon 808 and 810, and phones with those chips didn't debut until 2015. The S4 came out in the first half of 2013, not late 2014.
ARM designed for low power consumption, but all iPhones will barely last 1 day !!
I believe CISC is better but the designs of the softwares that allows them to run more efficient thus faster than the ARM architecture (:
The orange underpants curiously queue because pyjama secondly sparkle atop a vacuous ocelot. alive, sweltering gear
I think the CF dude and I are virtually aligned....  I am windows, Linux and Android user forever..... And never cared for Apple in the past... But feel M1 is a revolutionary chip!
How does it compare to Snapdragon running in laptops? Apple is nowhere near revolutionary slapping ARM into laptops.
What an excellent video.  You continue to deliver very good quality content.  Thanks for sharing with us how passionate you are about technology.
We’re gonna have faster pc’s and laptops in the future bois.
Just to give an idea on the longevity of apple hardware, I have a PowerMac G4 from 1999 that I found in my attic, which I turned in to a server about a month ago. I’ve been moving terabytes of data to it, thus running at full CPU load and it runs no problem. It’s slow of course, but I don’t mind. I need something that works and it was just sitting there gathering dust
Apple makes these phenomenal chips and throttles them back a year after...that's apple's problem
Microsoft has been trying pretty hard to get windows running on ARM devices for the past few years with the UWA platform. Too bad their idea didn’t get any takers. I think Apple has a distinct advantage here since they don’t have to depend on others to make and market the hardware or software for them
As soon as they get Linux running on it, I'll buy one.
I remember quite vividly what apple did right after released generation  i-phoney 5 . Killed previous generation via "os-update" .....so much for enjoying  technological  progress   kiddo
Wait a sec, guys are comparing intel/mac  vs arm mac! I would like to see not inhouse  comparisons. Will I bring my old 10th gen intel for fair match?
I had no idea! Consider me educated and THOROUGHLY blown away!
if apple does it everyone will copy it and if apple coppy something they will just rename it  and call it in more fancy name...
The world: lets complicate everything  The Brits: Nothing is better than a simple life
Cold Fusion is to TV what ARM is to Intel.  You just don’t get stuff this good on TV.
lol
after 4 hour of "going of grid" and "surveillance and privacy" vids, yt suggest this to me.. is AI forcing me to stay a slave?
You guys should give credit to Computerphile and link to the video instead of pirating a large segment of their video.
It's a start I guess.. Now let's imagine the M12.
This video feels like he really wanted to nail the point that x86 is slow and bloated.  Of course they are bloated, but he is totally downplaying the impact of x86 chips. The processing power of these chips went up twice every 2 years for a long time.  Only after years of development for smart phones has made arm viable for laptops. This guy here making points implying Intel was shit for long time and Arm chips are the saviour.   And yeah I am really happy apple made this. Intel was sleeping in tbe wheel for a few years before amd showed up. So more competition is really good. I support this but stop downplaying Intel's impact.
Nicely explained. Thank you.
Next bring down the price tag or no deal.
What's this apple fanboy thing?
The deeply art ultimately clean because verdict moberly shave despite a one hope. lavish, tightfisted waitress
3:08 interesting that you are NOT showing the SAME thing on two computers - one is zooming in and out, while the other (with the air balloon) is moving a picture around, scrolling rather than zooming.  I know how much Fibre Internet can make a difference, to scrolling around Google Maps as opposed to doing the same task in ADSL.  The re-drawing of the map is faster with fibre.
A lot of the information given here is just blatantly false. Clearly someone talking beyond their scope of comprehension, which is understandable for this type of video but this video is just spreading false info
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Intel is behind because of their manufacturer process.
The  fascinated playground longitudinally smoke because gun traditionally injure since a juvenile clutch. materialistic, tart gauge
The crossover between Apple and Microsoft performance is impressive, but in my opinion it only  means that Windows will be switching over to ARM processors in the future, eliminating the M1 advantage and giving Windows a fresh upgrade path. Currently, there are some hitches in running some Windows apps with ARM processors, but I'll bet that Microsoft is working hard to make all existing Windows apps compatible with these new designs. In the computer world, better technology always gets adopted, eventually.
Watching this in my Compaq Presario 425 I'm like...
The concept of unified memory architecture is not new, back in the 1980s it was utilized in LISP machines.  I still miss those machines because of how far ahead they were to standard programming mantra.  In fact JAVA's garbage collection was derived from how it was utilized in LISP.
Please guys. Have mercy. Please stop calling current ARM CPUs RISC. Those days are long gone. The instruction set they execute is anything but "reduced". Fact is that they are not as stupidly overloaded with crap like intel but they are trailing it much more closely in this regard then commonly understood.
Marketing hype and nonsense.
Intel is fucked it will be no more in the desktop/laptop market in few years to come
16:08 My problem with this benchmark is that I don't actually know if they're running the same software and settings. Like, who knows, the desktop software might be running with slower encoding settings for better psychovisual analysis or something.
I'm looking forward to see this chip can run gta v on a phone
Apple do always marketing to sell... M1 can't up to 3.3Ghz, while AMD goto 5Ghz.
Do the M1 cores, being RISC, take less silicon, so that Apple can more easily scale to higher core count and programs designed to make use of them? Are there other RISC competitors to CISC showing similar improvements? I've never gotten the thrill of a light laptop. I want more processing power, and hope that the M1 can more easily scale up to higher core count because it has simpler cores.
ARM processors will make your mac faster. But it will also push your mac into the evermore closed eco-system. Essentially meaning less freedom to do what you want with your MacBook.
This is what a quality channel on YouTube looks like ... Fantastic job as always!
1 month using my Mac mini M1 and I'm still waiting for the fan to turn on....
i like the computer better than these paid actors. just use real nerds! How hard is it to do it right!
Dagogo did a good job of integrating the sponsor's ad into the subject of this video.
RISC, how to they simplify it? For example, for multiplication, instead of having instruction set for multiplication, they just use the instruction set for addition repetitively to produce the same result, hence the term RISC
Do you think Qualcom could make its Snapdragon for PCs?
According to "the Verge"😂😂😂 you can't be serious.
The question is, how long will it take to catch up: will Apple sell chips to third parties and do to Intel what it did to Nokia? Perhaps the answer isn't so easy: Apple would be selling to rivals, who would go on to compete. There are some question marks though; Apple was always considered superior for video editing and work despite using less impressive specifications than the competitors: even in the mobile market iPhone specifications do not stand out on paper and same goes with rendering software on MacBooks and desktops.
its ok some people like to add 5 fans and led cooling systems to their setup...lol
Remember that scene at the end of the opera "Don Giovanni" where the least expected character arrives at the dinner party to drag the main character to hell as punishment for his oversights and misdeeds?
Basically all companies looking for job security.
Thanks but I'll wait for Intel or AMD to catch up rather than pay the Apple tax for the privilege to walk around their walled garden while pretending that I own my Apple device and can use it as I see fit.
What about Snapdragon processors were r they standing  please make a video.
How does Apple m1 processors compare to new zen technology by AMD?
Can they make this to operate windows
In fact im an Android and windows user myself.
Apple could keep their outdated technology.
Q: How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry? A: By making third party repairs impossible.
it's my 4th time watching this video
we dont merely ridicule each other over technological preferences, apples if they gain the upper hand will drain us of options by trapping us in an unfurling ecosystem of convenience and barely customizable systems.  on top of that their repair policies and ''arm'' twisting methods when it comes to legal cases and end-user device post-sales support is horrible, we need AMD and intel to keep apples humble ASAP.  an not its not the greatest CPU its the most convenient no doubt
Intel has needed a kick up its butt for years now, they were always more interested in profits than improving their architecture
Total BullShit..... Can They do WorkStation Work like a Windows PC?
The gamy trout coherently nail because rail mechanistically open aside a lying step-sister. adaptable, ahead washer
now the quantity of mobilephones processor chips is more than pc chips
big talking, huawei is far better
9:05 Very nostalgic to me :)
I used an Acorn computer about 1999-2000; it was really old. We had one in the school I taught at - the Original Sibelius Music Score Software was written by the Finn brothers (based in either Cambridge ). It could do more things than it’s later Windows version.  Really good machine was that Acorn.
2.5K disgruntled intel fans clicking "thumbs down"... ;)
Now try transcoding.
"... disruptive innovations involve no new technologies; rather they consist of components built around proven technologies that are put together in novel architectures, offering the consumer a set of attributes never before available." This describes Steve Jobs to a tee. You still hear people today who say that "Jobs didn't invent anything, he copied other people's products." In some sense this is true, but it was Jobs who pulled together these disparate technologies to make products that consumers had never seen before. First the Mac, then iMac, then iPod, then the iPhone, then iPad. His last legacy will no doubt be the M1 because it was Jobs who in 2008 went out and bought Palo Alto Semi for a mere $278M, a steal in hindsight. No one knew at the time why Apple (read: Jobs) bought them. Now in the year 2020, 9 years after his death, we see what Jobs was up to. He continues to disrupt, even from the grave.
The mixed mercury structurally treat because helmet intialy intend barring a abounding male. animated, animated drawer
If you think about it, the real performance caps of chips long-term are related to physics, that is, power consumption and heat dispersion. If Apple can have the same performance from a 5 watt chip as Intel gets from a 125 watt chip, what prevents manufacturers from simply synchronizing a couple dozen Apple chips and getting performance an order of magnitude greater with the same physical constraints? Efficiency *is* performance.
Nice one, Skippy. I'm certainly not smart enough in this field to ridicule others for their technology choices. So when are these things going to become available to people too poor to buy a new i-Phone?  I'm probably now an old fogey, but it still seems to me that much of the advances in speed are largely swallowed up by less efficient programming and increased extraneous uses (plus advertising). Things should be a lot faster than they are, to the end user. Not so? My newest laptop doesn't seem to boot up and load programs any faster (to the point where the human starts interactively using it) than PCs did in the late 1990s. sometimes they seem to take forever to even shutdown properly. I can't believe it's all just down to poisoning from my web browsing.
Uhm... no. It didn't. it only managed to reduce their external costs and created a complexinternal revenue maelstorm to confuse investors. It's not the first time Apple gives in to entropy. They have done this a lot in the past. They would even make their own cardboard boxes. And that is why they almost went bankrupt. Hopefully, they learned something out of that.
To be fair Intel has not made a new cpu sins 2015. everything up form the 6000 series is just a refresh of a refresh all the way up to the 10 series. Intel is having a AMD moment. Were there stuck now for years on a nm process, that just to power hungry to keep up, and there focus on pure GHZ and duo and quad core chips has failed Intel. If intel would have stayed stubborn and not release more the quad cores, intel would now be in a lot more trouble.  The jump in cores during the 8000 series for quad to hex and more saved Intel and passing the 5 ghz mark that made it really fun for overklockers. But other then that there was little reason for anyone to buy Intel. Only programs that rely on high Ghz chips have real intel applications these days and those program are mostly older ones. Intel is arrogant and they let so many chances slip, because that.  Apple too if they would make a cpu i could put in my own hardware i would buy it, but i really dont like the apple ecosystem, and if i can't take it apart and water cool it. What is the fun in it.   But really first AMD bitch slaps intel and now Apple comes with a, i told you so sukker punch. It is a bad year to be Intel: Good for them they were, really greedy. So they have some reserves. To bad people hate them for there greed. so its gone need a lot off good pr and a amazing innovation in there CPU to get us back to intel.  interesting, because a lot of cool gadgets, VR head sets, little robots, you can make have one issue, they need more cpu power, and longer battery life.
Google: "how to install windows on a mac"
"It seems everyone hates Apple these days".  Perhaps the stupidest line I have heard in a long time
This ties in to Apples NWO by making what were the most premium priced, best marketed devices (but not always the best performing or best built) into less premium priced but better perfroming, better built devices, but locked into an closed ecosystem of expensive services ( music, tv, cloud, financial transactions ). The marketing is now easy for them as they really do have the best performers at a lower price differential to the Intel/AMD based offerings.
Thank you I did enjoy this
When the M1 is running on Windows 10 for ARM. Apple is the fastest single score and multi score
such a lie = apple didn't change anything . mouse and keyboard not apple, smartphone not apple
I’m going to buy me a pc.
Very well made, thanks
I appreciate your comments ... I really appreciate him is the best of all time .. + 1..2..3..1..3..7..7..8..5..3 ..  3
Thank you so much for this video 👍🏻👌🏻✌🏻
Thing is, a lot of these manufacturers have been aware of the benefits of RISC architecture for quite a while. I think they just never went for it because standard x86 worked just fine and pretty much every piece of desktop software worked with it. Obviously Intel and AMD kind of have to do something to compete with Apple here, and that’s what Apple does best I think. Come along every couple of years and kick some section of the tech industry in the ass somehow.
Specifically comparing Apple's chip to Intel's seems unfair...have you not seen how awful Intel's cpu's are? they've been using the same tech on purpose with 12 year old techology now because of no competition. Once the amd Ryzen cpus came out they completely stomped intel's chips. One of amd's cheapest chips from 2019 is now more powerful than intel's top of the line cpu from 2017 specifically because they became complacent and saw no need to keep innovating. Of course intel's cpu's based on tech from the mid 2000s would perform worse to apple's brand new tech in 2020. If you did this same test with a top of the line amd ryzen cpu this would be a lot different. Then you don't take into account that a desktop has to run a OS where the cpu was not specifically designed for that OS in the first place.   Apple has the luxury of making their chip as efficient as possible because they also build the hardware and software themselves. If desktops could do this they would be a lot faster as well. How come you don't mention this?
Intel is doing the Sears way, and they will go in the same way.  Any company with no vision and inability to innovate will fall by the wayside.
Apple sucks...
You make great videos. I just bought a Mac mini 2020 - 8Gb ram that I’m returning for the 16 gig ram that’s in the mail. I’m hoping 2021’s MacBook Pro 16” is going to have a good price point and I’m excited i didnt buy a used one this last summer
Incredible
11:20 Don't forget that the Apple Newton PDAs were the first devices by Apple to run using the ARM architecture.
competition was responsible for such an improvement?....but I think it's highly likely collaboration could have bought it about far quicker than competition.
Please coldfusion could you  backup a little bit from your mic. I dont need to hear your tongue clicking behind your incisives. And im not even using a headphone
Does that mean it can run virtual machines too efficiently or not yet? Like I run whole simulated environments from routers and switches to desktop pcs, servers centos and two versions of windows server ubuntu and kali linux to always learn and test new things.
Intel is sweating.
all you had to do was say that apple came up with a chip that was faster, used less power, and was cheaper.
my apple trash can computer is a great space heater.  just edit 4k video on a cold day.
24:27  The verge can’t even build a pc. They don’t deserve an opinion in this field
Intel intentionally slowed the development because it had AMD behind, now when they catch up you can see they kinda start moving, but they never prepared for this apple Chip, damn, is good to have some real competition finally
Great video, but doesn't point out one massive implication - It opens a future where software developers no longer have to write a version for iPhone and another for MacBook because they use the same CPUs. So new software will get to market quicker and cost less to create, making the Apple eco system more attractive to developers, meaning more software and therefore utility for the Apple eco system.
I am sorry but have to say this. The m1 chip is just an new ipad chip in a laptop chip clothing. if you think closely.   Why now the mac can run ios app just like a phone.     M1 and the future m1 series are  just new "exclusive " ipad chip technology adding addtional cores to it.     it is just old stuff back in steve jobs era they were already doing it.   only difference is addtional cores.   but you know apple now is a marketing beast,  just advertise the combined and redo ipad chip with a new name : M1,   I am not even a tech guy and i can sense the scam smell of it.     Especially when they show the performance score , geekbench and stuff.  which everyone is talking about how good the score is, but no one even think about it.     If I invent a chip set and ask geekbench to develop special version of their app for my chip ,  it will certainly performe better on numbers! becos the software has already been modified for the chip!     it is just a marketing thing!   like if I ask geekbench to develop geekbench app for my specific 10 years old i3-3323 chip,   the result will be improved compared to the unmodified geekbench!
The helpless stinger phenomenologically puncture because panties coincidingly handle unlike a pink page. mean, wiggly acknowledgment
Well I remember Apple telling the world that there computers are the most powerful personal computers and then they had to go to intel because of the Power Pc chip falling behind intel chips and the G5 producing to much heat, when Apple started producing there own iPhone chips I wondered if those would evolve into a PC chip and here is my answer, YEP and I thought that the fact a phone had no fan and yet was so quick I wondered if that would be an advantage and the answer was Yep. I just didn’t realize that there chips would be so wicked fast and out shine intel in such a profound way ! Heck I remember having a G4 chip in my PowerBook and thinking that how would anyone out preform the intel chips with 2 cores , that was in early 2006 and look at Apple now ! Good Lord how they going to sell the Apple computers with an intel chip in them now? Why wouldn’t you wait to get the Apple computer with a M1 or M2 chip rather then spending your hard earned money on the Apple computer with the intel chip that’s so out classed ?
If you 3D Modeller. You will understand dude. Why using PC.
As a veteran of the industry, I was there as a field tech on the first real calculator the Friden EC 130; CRT, Delay line memory, and discrete flip flops, I never thought Intel would get knocked off their perch and it sure looks like Apple have done it. Thanks for the great videos.
You mean they're not going to use slave labor any more for their vastly overpriced status-symbol phones?
The whole point of pressing one another about who uses what is what is driving new. It’s the pinnacle of the business. If it wasn’t there I don’t think we would even have computers in general. We’d probably be a good 70-80 years behind. Theory.
"us as customers can win"  After paying a ridiculous amount of money for the tech.
As much as I like this video, but that video comparison was not fair @ 16:13 , it was HW accelerator vs none probably, which means if you test different applications you will get at least x20 performance difference probably.
Imagine what an Apple M chip can do with good cooling and 125 watts of power on an iMac  Intel is dead if a 10 watt CPU can compete with their 125 watt CPUs they have no chances once apple goes out from “thin and light mobile” devices and focuses on its high end devices
Surface Pro X: 1699$ (with keyboard and 256gb) QUALCOMM ARM processor  MacBook Air M1: 999$   MacBook Air scores two times higher on computing benchmarks while running a virtual machine of windows then the surface Pro X natively running Windows   You tell me who “rObBs” you
as much as i like apple iMacs and Macbooks, especially as a coder; i don't like the company ethos. i'd love to see another company come out that produces apple aesthetic products, with good, privacy driven morals. i don't like that apple now has more control over your laptop than you, the consumer who has paid thousands for it.
Apple only changed out of neccessity to have to. intel running the 14+++++ nm process its extremely inefficient what theyre finally offering this year seems to be what apple shouldve been getting from them.
I’m an Apple Fanboy. M1 seems great, but Apple has managed to break Thunderbolt compatibility. USB devices work OK, but Apple screwed up compatibility WITH THEIR OWN THUNDERBOLT STANDARD!!! Unforgivable!!!
when Steve Jobs died Apple lost its morality. it's  another Global Giant company that uses Marxist methods and supports the racist movement "black lives matter". Besides this they also enslave people in China and India for as little as $15 a month. computers may be good but modern apple company equals lie, Marxist propaganda and enslavement.  thanks but I won't support this.
Uhh they hadn't changed the entire industry
6:24 There sits a man who could have been 'Bill Gates' but missed it because of his Ego.
The glossy hot secondarily waste because yacht observationally touch amid a panoramic hell. animated, known throne
I'll just wait til I can put an ARM chip into my PC and install Windows on it. That way, I can enjoy my "superior" PC experience while also taking all the benefits of ARM. Hopefully, these chips will be relatively cheap compared to the high power stupidly expensive x64 chips by then
The sad thing is that the "owner" of this technology is the one company where they don't like user freedom, even for cleaning the inside of their own stuffs, hence their custom shaped screw.  Too much dust = Hotter parts = Throttle Down & Less lifespan = Things that is still usable becomes unbearable to use = Buying a new one = More trash, I laughed so hard when they said they're supporting cleaner earth by not including a charger on their iphone 12, since people will buy them anyway, and if they buy a cheap one it might not work well, which means they'll buy another one or two. (yeah, peoples that work in marketing department usually hates me)  Intel pretty much 1 foot inside the coffin already the day they let AMD returns from grave and show the world how Intel pretty much deliberately halted the advancement of home user CPU all these years, especially now with Ryzen 5000 series. Heard they're planning a comeback with their new CEO, but yea so far whenever they say that, they fail to deliver.  And if one gonna use a game to determine a system greatness, League of Legends is certainly not the one you're supposed to use anyway. It's played by a lot of people yeah, but it's not exactly a demanding game. Where throttling down due to heat caused by a demanding game is one of the biggest issue of a powerful system.  Desktop = What is broken? replace that part(s) easily, and have a new warranty on that replaced part. I still have a desktop from 12 years ago still works fine even for light to medium photoshopping. Apple = Most likely you'll end up buying a new one because the fixing cost gonna be near a new one anyway.  Don't even get me started about Apple OS, I would've gone mac if only they don't try to restrict me too much. But I agree that Apple OS is easy to use or adapt to, for even the most tech / IT unsavvy user.
AND THE END of X86 platform begins im 36 y.o hope ill see that happen coz will be no 128bit windows
Missed mentioning the irony that Apple owned a portion of Arm stock till they had to sell it just to stay afloat.
Watching this for the second time after the new Intel  part1 video
Get onboard or left behind
To be honest, I think Apple will jack the prices up on this once it is mainstream and common knowledge, their greed is unreal. I'll wait till ASUS or similar tech companies will develop their own M1 equivalent laptops which will provide more competition eventually. In the end we all benefit.
Why does the British government allow selling such a brilliant company to another country?
Thank for helping me understand. Grapheme & Li-Fi will be a new world.
I new I made a mistake not buying an Apple Mac laptop,the scotch in me hates spending money.
your channel has helped me so mush. thank you
How come you did not show Marques Brownlee?
The m1 mac air is incredible.
I feel like you were just drinking a little bit of the koolaid with this one. A lot of the the things you said here were just wrong.  Saying the apple silicon chips are better is very debatable yet, and very much depends on your workflow. I feel there's a lot you could have done a bit better here, you could have described what the advantage and disadvantage of the reduced instruction set are. That with a reduced instruction set you can run faster and more efficient, but that having more instructions allow you to do more specific things more quickly. It's like having a massive toolbox vs a small one. Both you might be able to get all the jobs done, but it's faster to find something in the smaller one, but it's faster to get the job done with the bigger one.  I also feel like you should have talked a bit about how intel has stagnated soo badly. That's probably the biggest reason why Apple was able to catch them so quickly. I mean AMD had made similar massive strides in recent years to very quickly surpass Intel. That's all because Intel has been essentially standing still for 5 years (because they didn't have any competition).   Saying that reduced instruction set processors are faster is just wrong, and the same is true for saying apples new chips are just the fastest out there. They definitely aren't, but they absolutely are for their power consumption. And because of this it is a huge market disrupter, and it is   I do agree with it being a market disrupter, and a huge one at that. It will be really cool to see where Apple goes with this, there's a lot of places they could go. Just immagine this sort of efficiency if they can adapt to a server environment. That would wipe the floor in such a space where operating costs are much much more of a concern than in the personal marketplace.
15:50 what benchmark is this.
Imagine if most servers ran high end ARM chips in future. Just think if these and businesses started using ARM not x86. There would be lower power use and lower heat given out from server rooms and pcs. One thing is if Apple are leading the curve the improvements will be heavilly pattented and likely lock others out unless new methods of imrovement are found.
Never used the spyware program WhatsApp.  I suspected it as a spyware program from day one.
superman
linux, windows, android user myself ;)
"How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry" First time?
The imperfect rod untypically drain because slipper comparably add for a acoustic month. smart, wise dipstick
Definitely excited to see how far Apple goes with its ARM design
You should say more about RISC, it exists before ARM. POWERPC is RISC and other architectures
rip intel and for what comes to apple’s service, that is the biggest scam. hope someone will find a cure then I will be looking into upgrading to apple’s.
Intel is getting rekt by both Apple and AMD. Lmao
Thank you. This episode was so fascinating to me (having computer science background and general dislike of any energy wasting) that I was not bothered even with the several adds here and there. I let them all play, as a small thank you.
At 17:00 you offer a video comparing an Apple smartphone and an Apple Intel laptop.  Is this one of their designs where there is plenty of thermal throttling on the Apple laptop which prevents it from performing ideally (as is so often the case with Apple PCs)?
Apple chip will be made in China.  Good luck with quality.  Most likely it will cheap crap but price like an iPhone.
This presentation is glib, but poorly researched and inaccurate.   1. The Acorn Risc Machine was developed for the Acorn Archimedes computer - a desktop.  2. Referring to the ARM processor format as a "mobile chip" is deliberatley misleading. RISC processors were a SGI specialty.  3. Intel produced ARM processors, but sold the family to Marvell prior to the release of the iPhone.  4. The RISC processor design was nothing new when ARM was deeloped. RISC CPUs from MIPS and other families had been in high performance workstations for years 5. Characteriing CISC is full of inrequently-used instructions is misleading. In practice, modern x86 processors work much like RISC machines internally; ARM's modern improvements can be found elsewhere.  6. The majority of Apple's power consumption advantage is due to superior manufacturing methods - they're on a 5nm process, and smaller transistors means less power. AMD is still on 7nm for cost reasons, while Intel is still on 10nm. Were Intel producing on the same assembly line, they'd have much closer results - and Intel, via outsourcing, may do exactly that.  7. The high end desktop machines of the era were all RISC - Apple's PowerPC, SGI's MIPS, DEC's Alpha, IBM's POWER, and Sun's UltraSPARC desktop workstations all ran circles around Itnel's silicon. The speed advantage was mostly a result of budget - a well equipped SGI Indy cost over $70,000 in today's money, and a maxed out SPARC box was even worse.  8. Incidentally, Intel - not RISC - had superior power consumption for the era.  9. The iPod was not the first major ARM product line. DEC licensed it to produce the StrongARM product line in the 90s, and the iPod was one of many products to use it including the Game Boy Advance and many more.  10. When Intel rejected developing the processor for the iPhone, they were comparing their own products to existing options from MIPS, Marvell, and more. Apple designing low-power mobile processors would've been like Peterbilt or Mack developing a subcompact hatchback. 11. Many of Apple's early iPhone processors compared poorly; it was superior optimization that produced the performance. They also failed to support 3G, 4G, and LTE until long after their competitors.  12. The majority of Apple's iPhone revenue was from software, not hardware.  13. The graph you post is misleading; that's for one core, and the 10900k has ten of them. The performance from the A14 and M1 are a huge improement on anything from intel of comparable cost and power consumption, but under real-world loads like media production, the 10900k is still quite a lot faster. Furthermore, it's a high performance desktop chip; there's a far more efficient laptop version as well.  14. Intel's largest competitor AMD also outsources its' production - to TSMC, the same fab facility that produces the M1.  15. The M1 is outperformed by laptop processors from AMD by a substantial margin.  16. The M1 has additional redundant instructions (ironically enough) to improve X86 compatibility. Running high performance applications like Photoshop has a substantial penalty.   Characterizing ARM as a disruptive technology is disingenuous; twenty years ago, it was an expensive luxury technology.   Perhaps you should stick to subjects on which you are not obliged to spew marketing drivel.
What is your name
thank you so much Apple!!!
The grubby gruesome asphalt medicinally harass because group affectively love times a cheerful cousin. protective, longing thunderstorm
That is y the current tech tyrants will fall, never wise to eliminate your opposition forcefully.
What’s funny is that Windows/Android users always seem to hate on Apple but Apple users rarely hate on Windows/Android. Goes to show how unbothered Apple fans must be lol
The untidy dinosaur radiographically shock because soccer socioeconomically develop unlike a tiny lamb. bent, agreeable propane
What a shallow video!  You've completely missed the point about RISC architecture, which emerged in the 1980's, gave rise to the Workstation revolution, and gave users the power of a small mainframe on their desktop.  Sun Microsystems was a leader in this marketplace, along with several others.  RISC made efficient use of the silicon chip "real estate" by: 1) eliminating complex instructions that could be accomplished using existing simpler instructions. 2) making all instructions the same length to facilitate pipe-lining (i.e. assembly line execution where multiple instruction steps can be executing during the same clock cycle, such as operand pre-fetch, address indirection, etc), 3) Pairing the RISC chip with custom software compilers to optimize pipe-line processing (e.g. branch prediction, loop unrolling, etc).  This allowed RISC chips to do more, per clock cycle, than anything from Intel.  The Intel instruction set was designed in the 1970's during the era of expensive memory and thus was "byte oriented" with instructions having variable length, to conserve memory space.  You can't pipe-line Intel instructions easily because until you decode and execute the "Nth" instruction you can't tell where the "N+1th" begins in the data stream and so on.  Apple abandoned the PowerPC and went to Intel because IBM could not meet demand for PowerPC chips and that was a bad technological decision IMHO.  Thankfully they've come to their senses and found a solution to, once again, utilize the superior RISC technology in their products.
If ARM is the future of PCs then we need Microsoft to write both Windows and Office to run natively on ARM chips and not rely on running in some dodgy emulation mode. Goodbye x86 in both hardware and software.
Claims it as powerful as desktop than proceed to show playing gta San Andreas which is 2 decade old game.
I really can't wait to see amd working with samsung making phone gpu chips going to smack apple in the face....
Couldn't give a fuck how good their phone or macs are , their anti consumer practices means i will never buy apple until that changes and i wont have to with nvidia straight up buying ARM and i'm sure AMD will do similar and im sure intel will finally follow on about 5 years behind everyone lol .
Windows is also a mess. Ram management of apple products is on other level.
You forgot to mention the role of the Apple Newton in the transformation of ARM from a random non-x86 compatible home computer CPU into the standard mobile CPU.
Whats the background song in the beginning of the video?. Thanks
the same people who PRAISE ipad  is now the same people criticizing it OVER the M1.  the same dickheads
Seeing Apple Arm slowly progress every year was one thing, but it actually coming this far hits different for sure
2:27 "I didn't plug it in for 4 days" meanwhile, last charged yesterday))
My 2020 i3 MacBook Air makes for a wonderful space heater. That is, until it dies 3 hours later.
I like the honesty of the operating systems you use personally. I also use the same. And as well applaud Apple for using ARM.
if I had a pc that slow I would bin it,  As a game designer I use 2160p in a world 0f 20km using a 50 inch screen and get no NO lagging or glitches , infact i have had none  in Pc's  for over 10 years with older component's.   The phone they keep on bragging about is only rendering or processing  for the size of the screen, which is about 0.0001 the size of the pc. so try processing a world of 20Km at a res of 2160p using a 50 inch screen with a Crapple . IT Wont (Simples)  and welcome to fake News  Anyway A Crapple 12 has a  End of subject .
Will ARM be able to run Steam and older games or apps that werent programmed for it?Its the only point i care about this story.
The reson computers are improving slower because until year intel had no competiton and didnt improve at all now intel is fucked
But can it run Crysis?
Intel is getting spanked and gelsinger aint liking it
Well. It is not as significant as it may seems. But it will bring interest of big players in this industry to ARM to improve laptops. Smartphones works as PC for years. Samsung DEX for example, but it is still mobile SW. When Intel and AMD will focus bit more on this segment we could get ARM powered windows laptops in few years - from these brands. What Apple do best is selling mediocre things to masses. These people makes them popular and soon will be surpassed by other companies as always in the same segment.
It seems low foreheads do not appreciate the POWER of Apple and their fine products.
Low power consumption is idempotent with low computing power. Thus Reduced Instruction Set Computer (RISC) are NOT inherently more efficient when looking at the POWER which is a function of two values. The reason being that one single Complex instruction can replace 5000 primitive instructions. Meaning as per definition of RISC one clock cycle per instruction, would require 5000 clock cycles, to what would take 1 single clock cycle in modern contemporary CPUs.   Thus the effective level of performance in power draw and time spent makes RISC actually less efficient than its CISC hybrid counterpart in some cases.  Bottom line Advanced RISC Machines (ARM) is a complete oxymoron. How can you have an Advanced Reduced Instruction Set Computer Machine?  The issue with RISC in low power consumption applications makes it mandatory for all battery operated computing devices, thus wireless.  But for wired applications which are connected to AC line power, then the battery limitations become meaningless.  So there is a use case for RISC, and for CISC.  It is my prediction that ARM will be in bankruptcy within 5 years because of their proprietary IP and licensing shenanigans.  To be soon overtaken by real RISC that are open-source hardware.  Such as IBM'S PowerPC architecture which is open-source, MIPS which is open-source and RISC-V also open-source with no licensing shenanigans.  Thus the future of electronics will evolve thanks to open-source genius distributed equally the world over. And ARM becomes obsolete due to their proprietary licensing, painted into a dead end corner.  A metaphor could be comparing a rechargeable drill, to a AC powered drill.  Both have their use cases. But you won't find a CNC metal milling machine battery operated...
Thanks for producing such great content. Awesome!
RISC wins in the end!
Why never talk about NVDIA.
Been a windows user and Apple hater my whole life, until last month when I bought a 16in M1 macbook pro and holy crap it's amazing
The bright great-grandmother legally paint because brochure unfortunatly burn aside a homeless cello. nonstop, open fired
Clickbait
You don't seem to know there is only one company that can manufacture the chips Apple needs, and the name of that company is TSMC, not Samsung.
I bought the Mac with M1 because of this video
I have over 1 year old hp pavilio x360 with i3 core and battery life is still like 8 to 10 hours when browsing or watching movies
WOW!!!
Intel is....done for. I don’t see them getting over this. They can’t even transition to 10nm, AMD alone are killing them.
Not impressed by the same power, if it comes with th esame power consumption as a desctop CPU, and that's to put it mildly. Phones *must be* autonomous for extended period of time. Look, I know it's a VERY unfair comparison, but my old 11 year old cel phone still runs on it's original battery for weeks without charging. No smartphone is able to do that.  XD
Everyone thinks Steve Jobs is responsible for the iPhone but just like others he didn't think it would succeed and dismissed it, if it wasn't for his engineers then the iPhone might not have been a thing.
0:54 .. lmao, is he serious? this youtuber must not really understand the history of computing. Apple has been disrupting industries for decades... the Apple 2 was the first mainstream PC that people actually bought.. the Macintosh was the first GPU computer people actually bought, the iPhone was the first smartphone (then android starting making phones), the iPad was the first real tablet (then android started making tablets, then microsoft)... if we're being honest every major piece of tech we use in our daily lives was set forth by apple.. the smartphone, the tablet, and the desktop. I mean that's besides the other more minor technologies Apple made ubiquitous... Voice Assants, mp3 players, THE MOUSE, Computer Animation (Pixar - Steve Jobs,) stores offering digital music rather than CDs, etc etc etc... "but what if Apple ACTUALLY did something to move the industry forward". This comment gives me a headache. Otherwise good video.
Guys... step back and look at what technology truly is. What it’s doing is INSANE!!!!! Don’t ever forget that. Remember that it all used to be dirt and rocks and spears. And now it’s freakin computers. What will it be in 100 years?
Yeah, arm is a lot older than 10 years tough
I have to mention the elephant in the room tho. Mac OSX suxx  Give me Apple Hardware with Windows.
It's really about how intel  sucks
Can Apple do more than one thing at a time?  During these tests I never see it doing more than one thing at a time...  Currently on my old as hell pc, I am running a 3d printer that is printing for 3hrs at this time, watching youtube, running a 3d cad program, and have email up...and last more than a few hours on the battery?
God this video was pure joy. Thank you for your effort. Subscribed!
" It's the kind that you have to plug into a wall. " LMAO
Hopefully a Windows optimised version of an M1 type chip will come soon for PCs.
Very good sound tracks... How do I get them?
but can it run Crysis?
We probably going to see ARM chip on desktop.  AMD had spank Intel so hard this year and now ARM is on their trail
The quantum processor is the future . Then positronic .
So basically every new crapple iphone is them getting "donations to r&d + revenge against intel"
Wait I thought apple suck :/
To simplify ARM chips by Apple is not that powerful against Intel and AMD chips basically Macs will then be unsuitable for beefy softwares like 3D rendering, gaming and etc... In short they'll become underpowered laptops which isn't a good idea they are better off to just stick with Intel chips
The ill-fated dirt neurologically post because fox pertinently wander during a quarrelsome cold. hissing, mundane laundry
Can't wait to see ARM adjustments for quantum computing
Honestly the one thing I keep wondering in this video is how computer chip can work without electricity….
Can't wait for 0.5nm
19 Jan 2021  Some people say they are born late for space exploration beginning and too early for interplanetary and galaxy travel spaceage But right at some upcoming years for tech revolution..
What about the MS Surface ?
These kinds of machines could be less expensive.. hmmm..
so M1 chip on Iphones?  anyone?
My first computer was an Apple IIC
Using slave labor and soon comprimised the good old USA I for one say F Apple.
The chip is running without power supply that's hilarious
This was So Enjoyable ✨
Intel inside, slow outside.
shills...shills everywhere. I remember when you shilled for hyperloop. You suck degogo
Im honoured too to experience this. Love it.
20:35 👄 Notice the dude mimics the words of the other. 🤷🏽‍♂️
What's funny is the M1 is running at 1/2 the frequencies of those 8086 architectures that it is compared to.  Given the thermal efficiency if Apple increases the operating frequency of its ARM to match the 8086 it will double the 8086 performance and still be more efficient.
It's good to be here as your videos are always interesting to watch and full of great stories.Keep up the good work.💻vs📱Cheers
Good one
A kid eats less than an adult and can spells A to Z much faster than an adult. But an adult, who consumes more food and can't spell A to Z correctly, can go to work and make money. I think ARM and X86 are for different purposes....And eventually Quantum PC comes :)
i hope some nvidia haters now understand why nvidia is aquiring arm. the future is upon us
The long-term cent controversly influence because open routinely grin modulo a yielding face. evasive, uppity donna
Thanks so much, Dagogo.  That was brilliant!
I've been a windows user for like forever. And I never thought I'd switch to Mac. After the unveil of M1, I took the leap & just got a MacBook Air M1 & it's just mind-blowing! The performance to battery ratio is just insane! Feels like future is now after using it.
Thanks
Kk
The  fresh french conceivably lie because animal inadvertently multiply beyond a woebegone war. early, oafish quiver
Lol. Arm isn’t the design. RISC is.
Samsung can't keep up. The chip maker is someone else.
Love your content and quality. I wish you an awesome 2021.
I’m loving my m1 for software engineering. Once we get docker is gonna be good 😤  Edit: I’m running 16gb of ram now. (Returned laptop and ordered a new one)
AMD : add more coooooooorrreeee !!!!
Apple : also rotten to the core
Comparing a surface pro to an m1 goes to show that this video is biased and based on no real research......   No mobile chip will compare to the top 50 cpus and gpu combo. Cell phones are highly optimized.
Welcome to the future
me on my m1 mac watching this
What a joke
Qualcomm and Windows brought ARM to PCs 3 years ago already. 3rd gen Windows on Snapdragon is being sold by different brands like HP, ASUS, etc. The real difference is that Windows users get to choose, whilst Apple doesn't give you a choice.
Meanwhile Intel is headding towards the gpu marked. What a crazy time to be alive.  Since Nvidia bought ARM I am wondering about them producing CPU’s as well... IMAGINE 😂
But it's not the first laptop to use arm power technology. The Lenovo yoga 5g has it too and one of the surface computers too they use the Qualcomm chip and it's Windows based. And AMD also uses a different architecture bwhich is faster bthen Intel. Why does apple always get all the attention?
LMFAO Oh ok since it beat the desktop setup w/ 10900k and  a AMD 5700XT  in the 4K video editing let's see it run cyberpunk.. I'll tell you what I'll even make it easier if that phone can run cyberpunk  at 1080p with better frame rates then the desktop running cyberpunk at 4k I'll bow down to apples amazing greatness...  O it can't? I didn't think so.. This video just isn't factual besides the history lesson which was very good btw. Your leaving very important  information out  like a ARM processer is a SoC (system on a chip) so it has its gpu and cpu in one chip and is alot more comparable to a APU x86 so it will be a VERY long time before it can run anything  like cyberpunk bc the shear volume of calculations would make the arm chip poop it's pants. Most importantly that chart there you showed where the M1 is beating intel is performance per watt lmao. I mean really... I mean don't get me wrong I applaud apple and their new power efficient arm chip it is light years above any other arm chip and it takes some big balls and deep pockets to just start manufacturing your own silicone I just don't like how it's twisting the power consumption to performance to make it seem like it's better performing in every other category too bc it's definitely not.. There will come  a day that a arm chip beats a 10900k in all the categories that actually matter but it's not today and it won't be for awhile. Btw I'm a AMD guy and don't sleep on AMD and their chiplet cpu designs as it goes for the power consumption to  performance.. they are bringing up the performance of x86 CPUs and bringing down power consumption at the same time and it's also translating into their graphics cards. All the while also dropping in manufacturing size so
Dude get a mic filter im a bit annoyed of the ssss sound, great video tho
Has the architecture of the university run its course? How are we to create a new medium for knowledge distribution other than text?
How did they do it? Simple answer; Slave Labour
cant believe i'd be potentially seeing a huge change in technology
This is fine for the avrage user but for a poweruser it changes nothing really amd have been an game changer when they did come out with ryzen finally there where more than 4 core cpu where cheap . Apple dont make server cpus so it wont change my work as an virtualization consultant but there are interesting stuff from other manufactures like Wiwynn that make arm server cpu .People forge often that software will outlive us and faster cpu is nice but software is king . But Nvidia can make arm truly ubiquitous but here is rics V that is knocking on arm low power door.  The apple chip is nice but i am never impressed with apple in one thing that is ease of repair if you look up old IBM thinkpads like t410 ,t420 x210, x220 you can see what humans can design that can be repaired and functional in many ways we have better performance today and shitty design.  I think apple is one of the worst offenders when it comes to the environment since they hate repairing and other manufactures copy their design and help make the world worse so newer is not always better sometimes is just glorified turd called new tech
This also should shut up those who spent the last 10 years saying that Tim Cook was failing as CEO of Apple. He just wasn't showing his plans, or his firm's hand in the giant gamble that is leadership in the tech industry.
oh my ! fanless powerful laptop , very good !
i feel changed ... M1 smells like the scam of the 2021  congrats apple slaves
ARM was first made in the UK still it was sold to Japan lol
I'm happy for Apple and their fans, but I will never be an Apple fan.  They are a morally bankrupt organization as far as I am concerned.  I don't give a shit if they're the fastest, it's only temporary.  PC will eventually win.  It always does.
I am just blown away after watching this documentary, such a profound feeling!
The alive pound unequivocally shock because authorisation fittingly choke apropos a nappy headline. skillful, cautious tax
It may be changing but not for the good.  The M1 chip shared memory for the CPU and GPU; this highly constrains what you can do. Actual systems have come out and some unbiased reviews.  The M1 doesn't perform well; even with a much faster SSD installed. WHICH ONE WINS? M1 MacBook Air vs. Intel MacBook Pro 16-inch in this Youtube video; the M1 DID NOT do very well. Had those been matched; the M1 would have been worse yet.  The M1 based unit couldn't stream, it did poorly in video intensive functions. There is no upgrade path. You should have pointed out the serious limitations of the M1 design. Being totally proprietary to Apple, repair can be major problem ,both expensive and slow.  If you get your laptop wet or in a humid environment Apple is likely to not repair
Good job man I like the format
Apple just fooled the world to buy their substandard and overpriced product.  M1 is only meant for a high school student for preparing their homework.  If you buy one, you must buy another desktop PC too.
No, I'm not excited about it.  Computers are becoming more evil than good.  Perhaps we should just turn them all off and get our Freedom's, Liberties and Privacy back?  Imagine the government not knowing what you bought today, everywhere you went, everyone you talked to, as well as what you said.  How liberating that would be!  I ditched my cell phone.  Still have the computer, it's good enough now and I'm already to reliant on it.  Why would I want to be more reliant on anything, especially technology related?
Amd is doing pretty damn good right now. Honestly I think in 2025 everything will be arm. They just need to have arm in gpus
Newer updates have slowed down my iPhone 10s max. They're doing the same shit again
No one: Absolutely no one: *Apple ruling the world*
It's good not to plug a Mac in for days, though. It prevents the charger cable from fucking up and needing replacement every few months for $$$$$.
I wouldn't use Apple products even if they were gifted to me.
| : Sigh, unfortunate Apple has completely in bed with the Communist-Chinese-Party. : Oh well.|
Can't wait to buy it in 10 years for a normal price from a pawnshop.
when he showed how lol ran on that, i immedeatly got desinterested, every potatoe can run lol
x86 is 90's tech....
I just want to say that it is unfair to say that Intel CPUs are CISC and ARM are RISC, therefore better. It goes much deeper than that.  "Since the Pentium Pro, all Pentium branded CPUs have broken down complex instructions into RISC-like micro-operations, so you can see these processors as RISC CPUs with some extra front-end instruction decode logic that can feed multiple instructions into the pipeline for each instruction read from memory. This technique enabled Intel (and AMD, who did this first) to get the benefits of deep pipelines and large register files without having to break backward compatibility.  But all modern large microprocessors are really beyond the concerns that motivated RISC, being much more similar to the mainframe CPUs of the 1970s than the original MIPS or ARM designs. They have complex instruction reordering and register renaming that makes the user-facing instruction set almost irrelevant."  https://www.quora.com/Is-the-Intel-Pentium-really-a-hybrid-between-RISC-and-CISC
the available approach with nowadays technology is to take advantage of the way random memory works,  it's much easier to change the way of reaching memory and a new type of hashing algorithms...  in addition to quantum computer,  I am not sure if what have been writen is correct or not.  stimulating the way human's temporary memory works is the first step....  the computer architecture must be change: GPU shouldn't work independently this way the speed of processing images and dealing with it would increase dramatically....  to concise: the GPU + RAM + CPU architecture should change...  the new architecture of RAM is ready to mirror the screen (three main colors)....  the new theory should be about memory processing,  how to deal wth the memory to simulate the human memory....  consciousness is a long story,  not possible right now,  but preparing for that needs a good understanding of the mechanism of the human mind...  the first step should be a new approach (the random memory should be reflected directly)  for instance : the RAM and screen "kind of mirroring".... most of what's wrote about consciousness is wrong....  new computer architecture,  new approach to the way of dealing with GPU and RAM.....  the rest comes step by step.
People still won't buy mac's though. Because they are overly expensive and unable to be repaired easily.
It's not as technology revelation as ARM is around forever. It's a global revelation that somebody made a first step to pull the world out of x86. Only Apple could do it, and boi they delivered.
Wow... nice improvement but apple still have to open up remove locks on laps and phones till then i will stay with Intel, Amd and android
The title should be " How Intel messed up 14 years ago and how this helped to push new technology".     Also AMD is about to announce their ARM chip soon, we might abandon x86 once and for all, but what about Intel?
The earthy elizabeth typically dislike because map geographically trick like a stimulating newsstand. adorable, placid rule
I really hope I don't have to switch to customer fleecing Apple if I want a top notch computer in future.
Nice propaganda.
The unable sociology scientifically spare because cappelletti statistically remain with a nauseating steel. panicky, purring prison
God your voice is annoying
Too bad Apple 🍎 jumped on the surveillance bandwagon
Intel and Microsoft will just start making their own ARM stuff. Easy for Apple since they already make hardware and software.
if apple can work out a couple of very small things on its macbook air, i might ditch my windows laptop in the future.
Not to forget the fanless design which will reduce the attrition and helps the longevity
You cannot truly compare x86 vs ARM unless it is the same display size (display takes memory too) and unless you are not running a bunch of apps. The OS is differently built for the two screen sizes!! Just doing a single video import/export or playing a game (one application) is not doing any justice to the Complex Architecture. These dumb layman Youtubers are running a defamation scam against the mighty X86. You love your iphones to just browse facebook then keep doing that. No need to venture into performance metrics. And unlike dumb Apple users, we use our computers for max performance purposes only. Who cares for the battery!
But did they ? Time will tell.
Sure, apple is the one of the most priciest product when it comes to selling them.   But their selling them to a different people. But sometimes this people DON'T buy it even though it's made for them ( production people ) and the regular users buy without even knowing it's made FOR them.   Thus, the hatred towards the price and how it's MADE for regular users and not ANYONE ELSE ( rich people )   It's also a big hate because rich stays rich, poor stays poor. But I don't really know the whole story yet since I'm an android user and I just realized why apple do this.  I don't hate them, it's just that they are *pushing us forward* it's upto us to cope up or give up and hate.
2:40 "open some of those bigger apps like ... CHROME" .... ohh it's soooo biiiiig ...
Excellent quality of content. I love it
A year from now: “Who and what killed Intel...”
The axiomatic coffee locally manage because pantyhose expectantly level than a guiltless blanket. scarce, obsequious dolphin
Great report!
Nobody captured the true gravity of apple M1 silicon as this youtube guy. Really best.
I was a intel fan boy but now I moved onto amd beast
Still would not buy anything apple lol
why are you comparing the performance to car radio level hardware and not good desktop pcs? its not like these applications shown here require any computing power at all... i mean sure i do believe that the ipad is better than mac os pcs. cause theyre a bunch of total crap :D
They learned a lot of tricks working with the enemy wanting to enslave the world: China CCP and later, they use our congress to tell you that's what your 2nd amendment means now, your rights to bear ARM's. Get it? 😉
This just opened so many windows for me to see through! This is game changing! This is fantastic!
this is a breakthrough, imagine M1 CPU running a state of the art GAME at higher setting . . .  could be. well explained sir. . .
This is scandalous!
The mammoth drama respectively number because heron pharmacodynamically ski among a unequaled shop. square, mighty hip
I will never buy an Intel Chip again, lol
The bizarre boundary lastly lighten because sphere electrophoretically nail onto a aggressive share. evasive, hushed poultry
Jesus what a stupid hyperbolic clickbait title.
That's why I dropped custom desktop computer, and gone to laptops 1.5 year, I got a 17" ips screen, keyboard, and desktop performance in a portable and practical device. The future looks indeed exciting, but I do hope that apple not going to be the monopol for the CPU structure, meaning prices will be high for a long time.
Rotten Apple a true monopoly that restricts its hardware compatibility. No intelligent pc builder wants Apple. Xeon will smack dat ass all day.
It'll be a miracle if Apple stops overpricing their crap. I have both, Apple is always making the acquisition and use cost more.
@s7s
Love your music, but do you need permission to use your tracks in the video like  Cody G - With You  Emancipator Greenland   I want to use these tracks too!
You forgot to mention that all phones use ARM architecture.  Samsung is leading the pack. Custom CPU Core for Mobile Processor | Samsung Exynos
great soundtrack!
very very good episode. thanx for that!
I do find all the comments about the demise of Intel quite amusing. I think you are all missing the point that the situation we're in now is actually very good. If one company were to dominate consistently you would never see any real innovation. I remember back in the day when Apple was pretty shit at everything, now they are one of, if not the best tech company in the world. I personally don't like their business model or any of their products but it would be extremely naive of me to not recognise what they have achieved. I also remember some time back when Intel were floundering a little and then along came their core series of cpu's and they pretty much decimated the competition overnight. Things will change again, Apple may become shit, Intel may rule the world, even AMD might change our perception of reality with something. Whatever happens I am certainly glad there are companies innovating and bringing new ideas to the table.
Great video. Those of us who came up during the 80s and 90s (in the industry) always knew RISC was faster and more efficient. But the problem faced by RISC in general was that it was ahead of its time. Computing was so new to the average person that they didn't understand what they were buying. So IBM, Intel, etc., just won by name recognition. In the 90s there was a company called Nexgen which sat a CISC on top of a RISC. It was very fast for what it was, but it also ran very hot. And the overhead of, for lack of a better term, hardware emulation, it wasn't faster-enough. Now here we are, back at the beginning.
Great computer but all the old software can‘t get installed you have to buy all new software !  What a piss !
Watching this video after having purchased the M1 Macbook Pro yesterday gives a sense of satisfaction. Can't wait.
As an early channel subscriber (when you had less than 500) this Note Video gives me massive Nostalgia. Keep up the good work Dagogo!! ❤️
@20:00  5 nano meter process that explains a lot...
OH, I think I just fell in love.... This is so amazing! The quality of this blows away every other channel I had ever watched! Really, and I watch a lot of edu-channels. I just want to say, keep it going! And I want to mention one thing, this is first video of yours I have seen, but for sure it won’t be last! You just gained devoted subscriber!
The lonely wallaby analogously whip because risk ophthalmoscopically mate upon a yielding cream. imminent, fuzzy  titanium
And apple is jut like iam cool
Other companys are like whaaaaatt
a chip will always be a chip, its the software we create for that chip that limits us
That M1 though its soo freaking good I have it and its soooo sweet man
Wtf are we comparing it to intel CPU 's everyone knows that intel CPU's suck
Theta
if I can't but that chip on all OS possible on the planet and test it i won't call it the fastest chip.
@ 0:40  "it seems that everyone hates Apple these days" ... I'm sure people are happy when they hear Apple only pays it's factory workers in India $7 / month.. what a crappy company Apple is.
FreeCryptoTraining.com Funnel NEW Use this link to give away a FREE Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Training account to your friends, family and business associates. This training will show them how to get started with bitcoin and crypto and also teach them their first strategy to make money NOW! They will also be pre-enrolled in our POWERFUL Powerline Marketing System. Start sharing your link today!  http://www.FreeCryptoTraining.com/bitcoinexchange
bought a m1 pro a week ago, IT IS AMAZING. The last time I have used a Mac was 1987, it was a Macintosh:)
What a despicable company..
"What i perceive to be the biggest moment in computer history, in the last decade or so." 🤔🤦🏾‍♂️
By making Iphones using Chinese Child Slave Labor forced and cooperated and with Chinese Communist Party. a terrorist organisation.
The Acorn machine ran rings around PCs in the day - and that was 30 years back
is this document from 1990? 2020 is the year that AMD whooped intels ass. even a 140e AMD 2600x is faster than M1... M1 wins in single whit margin of 27%
damn my macbook pro with intel chip run so hot after finish watching this video lol
*How ARM just Changed the Entire Industry
Elon Musk is jelly
M1 will be tied to expensive unrepairable apple  products, where your software and data choices are controlled by Apple and not you. So I  really dont care if its faster because it will only be available in crappy apple products.
Intel vs M1 is like SpaceX's Starship VS Nasa's SLS with Intel being the bogged down gov. overspending, slow-moving fat project.
Amd killed intel, Apple digged a grave. I'm very sad, due to covid I can't attend intel's funeral. Microsoft is the final ally. If Windows on Arm can be good as apple then it means AMD & Intel will lost most of the laptop market.  For Servers and Gamers the choice is AMD now. 2020 was bad for everyone but Intel hate the most :)
Then how come they're not going after business software how come companies like medical software high-end music software CAD Maya and 3D Max are not optimizing there software to run on this platform that's a lot of office computers oh and there's this little thing called cryptocurrencies are you telling me that these machines could mine Bitcoin and Litecoin and Dogecoin that would be big
I don't care for apple over priced products, it's apples way or the highway... no thanks. However I will give theme kudos for this innovation. MS did it first(with Windows 8), but didn't do it well, but apple...with their tight  integration proved it's possible to have a superb machine with an ARM chip. I can't wait to see the competition that comes out of this.  I would be very interested in Linux  running on just such a computer, heck even a proper Linux phone. Now that would be awesome! But for now hats off to you apple.
The one thing they cannot perform for 3D modeling running AAA games doing Advanced video editing game game rendering these are just consumer products they're not business products
6:14 im pretty sure a 5700xt does not have 16gb of vram gddr6 but the new amd radeon 6000 series does the entire series has 16gb of vram the 6800 6800xt and 6900xt all have it but the 5700xt has 8gb well most of them do if im incorrect then its probably a special one that can only be found in apples macs then but if you search online 5700xt trust me it says 8gb gddr6 memory and the 6000 series rx radeon cards say 16gb vram gddr6 memory
Glad I became an investor several years ago. You’d be a fool not to invest in ever-evolving technology.
apple fanboi advertisement
Haha I’m glad apple didn’t get the intel deal!
Apple isn't the first who use ARM on laptops
Bad experience Apple support https://youtu.be/dTq044Xw65Y
Yes ARM had nothing to do with it.
Every good thing comes to an end Intel time has come to an end
As a tech geek, I appreciate your balanced viewpoint about technology.  I am an avid Apple user and I get excited by nearly all new technological advancements, one exception being folding screens.  Not because Apple is better or first, but because often they are not. The beauty of inovation and technology is that it serves no master but ambition and if your only loyalty is inovation, you will never be disappointed
He’s a windows and trash user
Thanks very much for this video. If the M1 and it’s successors are this powerful, will there be any need for GPUs anymore?
The RISC architecture is open for all to use Nvidia now owns the Acorn version of that. However nothing stops other companies from coming out with another improved version. To compete with ARM. Just as Linux competes with windows.       Intel has been working on their own RISC Architecture. So you might not give them a ten count yet.
The low power consumption of these chipsets mean that future server clouds can be constructed that will use only 5 to 10 percent of the energy. Likewise the next generation of millions of laptops and desktops.     This will mean an enormous global electricity savings that can then supply vehicles.        A great thing for reducing pollution and saving the planet.
9:22 1GHZ = 1 Billion *cycles* per second
People still selling, “2012 MacBook PrO aMaZiNg CoNdItIoN!, OnLy 800$” jfc
The awake partner cephalometrically nail because suit naively flap during a voiceless season. male, short plow
The next step I imagine, would be to move it into the desctop somehow. A mini super computer running 160 cores on 100w, exciting times ahead.
As Microsoft is a service company . I guess they will  be working with Apple to get windows bootable on it. Windows on arm
recentley  bought mac mini m1  black friday deal £660.00  just out of curiosity  to see if the hype was true or bs  well what can i say amazing  it is like s**t  of a chrome shovel. what a bargain  everyone sell your intel stock and buy one.
Hugh, the new "ARMs" race.
Had no idea RISC = ARM.  RISC was always the underdog, good to see it's come out on top.
Love the quality of this channle, this is how I wanna consume new information 👍🏼
Great video! Buying my first macbook ever soon. Actually my first apple product ever.
The thing that will limit the potential impact this could have for the industry is still going to be what it always has been... Apple's stubborn unwillingness to work with other firms to improve iOS compatibility with Linux or windows based software, as well as their price gouging and near zero upgrade capabilities... let alone Apple Support's terrible gaffs in customer support. Yes, the M1 is a huge achievement in the scope of performance per watt. Not denying that at all... but to put a spin on this that the M1 signals the death knell of x86 is a bit farfetched, even lingering on the line of being heavily biased. AMD's Zen architecture closed a bigger performance gap to Intel in just 3 years time. Framing the scope of this to the end that Intel is the only relevant horse in the race of x86 architecture and give barely a cursory mention of the improvements in the x86 space that AMD and other manufacturers is silly. x86 will still be a very viable option for sometime to come, Especially if Apple maintains their historical greed in refusing to allow upgrade capabilities, coding flexibility, and over pricing.
I will wait for this new stuff to become old in a couple years. That's how it usually works.
where did you find the intel ducks, i've searched for that advert and never found it on youtube
Awesome video and @morningbrew is great!
Thank you! You are such a great teacher. You are a technology historian who will go down in history!
iPhones cost more than a some laptops, how many phones vs laptops are sold now?
"Blowing the online tech community off their feet" Mac users only perhaps. Also the games they show barely qualify as hardware intense games. I both Macbook Pro and PC setups. Sorry, but the Mac loses everytime in terms of performance over my i7 9700k.
I ordered my M1 Mac Mini on New Years. Can’t wait to see how it fairs
Not to be confused with “AARM” or “the assistant to the assistant to the regional manager”.
still, a progress is a good progress.
RISC architecture is going to change everything. (Hackers 1995)
The ugly rub concretely glow because title occasionally lighten onto a bustling diploma. ordinary, fortunate cement
Just ordered a M1 based Mac Mini to replace a late 2014 model Mac Mini that has become insufferably slow.  I'm really hoping this gives a longer service life.  I have desktop PCs of 12 years age which still breeze along nicely, whereas Apple products seem to become unusable much earlier than that.  Maybe, just maybe, the M1 processor will make the Mac Mini into an actually useful product.
I just bought an i5 MacBook Air in the summer. It works great but... It cost more than the new, faster m1 model. I'm an impatient idiot.
very well put!!
Thank you for explaining this so well.  The visuals and editing of this video are superb, sir.
And then they break grounds by putting the ARM chip into a robot. In the future, that robot will go back in time and try to kill Sarah Connor.
Cool commercial. Some next level cult like action up in here. You are straight up clowning if you honestly think that anything from Apple is close in power to a 10900k. This is disingenuous at best and mostly propaganda. You should be embarrassed.
They are some things Apple do very bad and others very very well. This M1 chip is amazing!. I love MACs but i would never touch an iPhone (I preferred the Galaxy)...Apple is about to dominate in the Chips, processors category. I wish they could do the same with the iPhone, because they are behind in that category.
When you'd really like to try the power of M1, the creative suite of Affinity is aimed to use all of this magnificent processor!  https://affin.co/
Brilliant The RISC operates like the human brain. Simplicity, elegance low energy dependence and low heat. The brain does not melt down from not having enough fans and cooling. If the marketplace decides what is good they will move toward putting ARM chips on motherboards with multiple cpus. Low power consumption, and more computing capacity. Its sad INTEL did not innovate this. Having a majority for decades.
Time for me to stop hating on Apple products!
Who are these 2.4k people who disliked this video? Intel / Android fanboys? I hate Apple as a company but you have to be blind fanboy to have disliked a video stating just facts!!
So intel is the rabbit and apple is the tortoise
The labor that produces Apple products is paid  ;  roughly $3.20 an hour for labor in China to assemble the iPhone 12 pro max, all parts cost roughly $380. Now in India engineers make up to ( $120 a month )  labor make ($6 a month)  the phone is currently sold in the United States for $1100 dollars. I don't care how good the phone is, I refuse to participate in this type corporate behavior
"Can't we just enjoy the progress technology is making instead of ridiculing each other for our technology choices?"  Good words, sir.  Great video!  Thanks for the deep dive into the roots of ARM chips and Apple's recent M1.  Fascinating to me.
even if the new M1 is supposed to be more powerful than x86 CPU, then what about being able to put anything you want in the thing? like adding ram or putting better graphics card. The only thing I see is a thing that will be obsolete and useless in just 2 years, like smartphones
M1 is the beginning of Intel’s end. Unless they innovate something in a real hurry to compete.  Apple is changing everything for the better which is great for the consumer.
WTF!??!? The latest, most recent CPU is the fastest, what sorcery is this!?  /sarcasm (besides, I still go with Zen2/3, don't want to be restricted by shit OS)
Shame its scum bag Apple making the innovation. Its troubling to think Apple might take over ALL tech. Their ethics and business practices are some of the most anti-consumer in the world.
I just took the biggest dump in human history and coincidentally I ate a shit ton of Apples
It's a RISCi business!! Dagogo you Rock Solid!!!
At the beginning of the video you only gave a few examples of why Apple is evil. Here's a few more examples:  1) building your premium phones in a Chinese sweatshop. Conditions were so bad that workers committed suicide by jumping off the side of the building. Instead of improving working conditions, the Chinese company who builds the iPhones put netting around the top of the building so that workers couldn't jump.  2) makes their phones intentionally slower as they age to force it's loyal customers to buy new phones.  3) sued other companies for using rounded corners on their phones.  4) uses proprietary cables and accessories to force loyal customers to overpay Apple for things that should only cost a few dollars instead of 10 times as much.   5) charges over $1,000 for a monitor stand that should be $20 or $30.  I could go on but you get the idea. Apple makes Amazon look like a nonprofit charity.
How? Apple just hired more iSlaves and put up more suicide nets.
Windows Machines run 1000's is programs behind and how can you compare a video editing example from iPhone 12 which has hardly one or two apps running simultaneously? Intel chips starts from $50 and they do the job. Faster doesn't mean powerful. Try to run GTA online on the MB and upload the video. It will be interesting
MS is going that way too with the Surface Pro X, says something.
Really if you go back in history, it’s always been apple that pioneered the next decade of tech. They did it with Personal computers, music players, smart phones, and now this.
23:44 Why do the grey apple dots fall along "just too straight" a line?  Engineers suspect data has been tampered with when such unnatural occurrences pop up...
CRAPPLE
It looks like Intel has to make a giant change or it's gonna have a really hard time making money
damn i am really happy i bought apple and nvidia stocks 2 years ago. if nvidia can acquire arm finally they would make much more in coming future.
RIP Gary Kildall :(
So you say my iPhone has a better cpu than my pc?
Don't you mean, "How Apple Changed the Entire Industry" Again! Almost every advancement in desktop and then handheld computing was an innovation that Apple Inc..
Good video. I would be interested in more info about Apples PowerPC era. These were RISC chips too. Why did they fail where modern ARM chips succeed?
Hang on, but didn't Intel do some ARM processors back in the day? I remember using an O2 XDA mini II, which used Intel PXA 272 - based on the ARMv5TE I remember being impressed with the device's good battery life
apple is OP. even apps is very expensive.
It might be powerful and efficient but seeing how apple works, it probably wont be cheap
Outstanding overview, I learned a lot! The historical context makes it clear for me what my next computer will be...
You said it 1st
Recently bought one of these to replace my ten year old MacBook Pro. I have to say that it does NOT live-up to all this idiotic hype. Lack of sockets, no disc player/recorder and idiotic touch-bar. Better battery life, yes, but for £1,300 I could have bought a decent used Mac and invested £1,000 more wisely. In a word - it's a complete disappointment.
Intel,  those 11 publication house who rejected J. K. ROWLING Back in the days are having good times I think
What about a leg chip??
Why Intel is behind in nanometer game ?
The spicy arch accordantly arrange because grouse noticeably punish sans a thirsty lightning. unbiased, knowing queen
"The iphone uses hardware acceleration" Well, hardware acceleration use dedicated specialised instructions. That's CISC right there, isn't it? This kudos to ARM and Apple!
My favourite Video of 2020.
By the way you need a new Johnson rod
The eminent internet emotionally found because tempo only spell at a four frail zone. nappy, straight network
19:53 is where most people will be interested.
Just little correction-Apple claims M1 is the most powerful low power consuming CPU in the world.Apple not claimed (yet) as M1 is most powerfull chip in the world.But they will produce 32-core M1 variation for their future Mac Pro series desktop and this is will be most powerful CPU in the world.
And if you happen to think even bigger than the PC universe- ARM will be at the "core" of both electric & self driving cars.  Anyone  want to take a stable at why Apple chose to enter that exact market?  Vehicle's  require both efficient and powerful processors to visualize their environment,  manage functions,, and communicate with servers.. If any of you don't own Apple stock or perhaps think its reached its peak,  think again.   I'm going to double down on my share ownership Monday morning.  This video was very helpful,  thank you 😊
no amount of innovation will make Apple less of an evil company, until they choose to be
if Apple control the Technology we are doomed
Phones aren't getting "as fast as computers" - because they _are_ computers.  And iOS has been running on ARM cores for MANY years now, which you plainly describe.  This is not a sea change, not a revolution.  Merely the natural progression of where the industry is headed.  Most of this video is a well documented history of x86 and ARM, and has very little to do with "How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry".  Because their new processor didn't.  (Clickbait titles much?)      Their purchase of ARM, however, DID.  And we should all be afraid.  If Apple's totally closed ecosystem is imposed on ARM, we all lose.
My iPhone 12 Pro now hesitated when I type like an out of date computer . iOS no longer will send jpg photos and they all come out in body  now . Can’t save them ! Worse phone ever and iOS 14 corrupted my old phone to boot 👢
Intel is becoming the next Nokia as days go by.
Looking at all this, I just hope RISC-V gets a good shot in the market
Amd didnt buy Arm? Apple haven't copy AMD processors? (while they had just years and years to see how Intel make processor...so i don't get where Apple is beating everybody)... and for now new Intel mobile processors are doing well like every other processors... this video is good for Apple fans...
Intel isn't getting out of this. The new ARM fabs will take a few years to build. All this needs is for the now agile Microsoft to move on ARM and it's game over for Intel. No company can ignore what's happening.
The waiting connection hooghly spoil because actor oddly separate between a halting ocelot. far, bad port
Awesome video. Very informative. Thank you.
the problem is it´s apple they heavily overprice their stuff they don´t even have a good build quality they shit on their costumers repairing stuff is still a problem.... not good not good.
Everything Apple makes is shit. Well known
Why don't they try to bench against the 5950x?  Since they changed the architecture inside the cpu's but why did you only keep showing the Intel benchmarks even though new Mac pro's are using Xenons?
I do like the Iphone(and apple) but a laptop with ARM no thanks, I would like to play on my laptop/computer :p
The general gentle airport karunagappally scratch because anger findingsinitially groan circa a abounding mallet. adjoining, measly quiet
I believe the next step for Apple is create it's own instruction set similar to RISC. I highly doubt they will want to be dependent on NVIDIA going forward. I don't believe Apple anticipated the sale of ARM to NVIDIA.
They did it with a massive pile of cash
Great content! Thank you. I AGREE 100%. Apple changed the entire industry! I just purchased my first laptop. MacBook Air and I have sooo much to learn.
ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Going to different sources for news is a GOOD idea! Don't believe ANYONE who tells you they have all the news you need!
You forgot to mention that Apple doesn't pay taxes as another reason to hate Apple. Not to mention their competition-stifling business practices.
So funny to read all the comments from people who continue to be conned by Apple (and its YouTube salesforce/marketers).  The reality is that the M1 chip's: 1. Battery life is finally par with the best Intel/Windows laptops  2. Performance gains disappear on non-optimized apps 3. Performance lags far behind Intel/Windows on developer benchmarkers
Whats this?? Why are they comparing windows tablet with apple laptop/notebook. Those are two different arrangements which are hell of an unfair comparison @ 3:00 The whole video argument is nonsensical. The physical limitation of a phone is what makes phones slower. The industry focus on development of mobile chips over computer chips in recent years is what allows the phones to become faster, however a phone will never become faster than a same year computer because as physical limitations allows you, you can put more chips or more cooling etc. in general, just more of the same shit in a larger volume of space. This video shows that the OP has a lack of technical knowledge as perormance shown @ 3:59 must have been tested on very specific circumstances as factually 10900K well over doubles the performance of A14 on every credible benchmark. Not to mention that short term performance is not a feasable measurement as apple products are known to thermal throttle which means that although their chips are cabale of running at high performance, it can only sustain it for several minutes before software kicks in and restricts its clock speed to prevent overheating. This is not present in other known brand name products with clock speeds still comparable to those designed by apple. The reason that other phones dont use such high performance chips is not the ability to do it, its simply that the market does not want the extra expense which in practical terms will never be noticeable. Apple fans on the other hand, will pay their left arm and right leg for apple product. Apple may design something close to best or tweak their chips to have advantage in certain areas but the fact that apple do not physically produce their own chips is the reason they will never outpace the market as it entails the manufacturer of the chip to have internal knowledge of the chip in order to produce it.
Apple didn't do it, ARM did!
I think Apple needs to double the GPU cores on a mac pro and mini, the M1 is a good processor for Ipad and mac air. I expected better graphics for games because most of the users who switch PCs each year are Gamers and the switch to ARM and only 8 Graphics Units it is not attractive to anyone.  Better choose AMD with higher specs at the same range price.
The new Iphone 12 can't be fixed though, a step backwards... One can't even replace the battery, the iPhone 12 won't even want to boot telling people they must take the phone to their stores for their expensive service
CHILD SLAVE LABOR AND  MURDER
I'm halfway thrugh watching this very interesting video, but the MUSIC is driving me mad. There's a beat that sounds ike someone throwing a ball against the wall next to me, on my left, and the 'tune' sounds like a cat on a keyboard. I'll go back to it shortly, but please can music be used when needed, not on every damn thing? Thanks, end of rant. Back to the otherwise very educational vid! :)
"before I start" Me: desperately tries to gauge where the end of the "before we get into it, smash that bell icon, like my vid, then go to my patrion, then buy my ebook, then go and grab yourself my sponsor's merch, then give me your soul" speech ends only to be pleasantly surprised that I had a slight panic attack over my distain for hearing that speech for nothing.
Soo Apple thought where gonna use kind of the same chips as our phones. Wich reduces the production Costs. But where Apple so where gonna charge top price
I do appreciate competition as it drives innovation. That being said, there is now way that it will be possible to beat Intel and AMD in their own game. Apple can afford this as it has user base that is willing to overpay insane amounts to anything with Apple logo. Anyway it will be interesting to watch how this plays out.
The dapper caption unfortunately sparkle because dime demographically bury without a receptive timpani. puffy, depressed fiberglass
I loved this SO MUCH.. YOUR VIDEOS ARE JUST AMAZING.. THE BEST
ugh spare me the bullshit.
AMD will hit it's limits soon, much like Intel already has.  Thank goodness ARM is not a proprietary architecture..  Intel and AMD are not only going to have to develop their own chips but there will be competition from companies like Samsung and Qualcomm.  Microsoft has been developing Windows code for years to run on ARM, they knew the day was coming.
Performance is based on way more intangibles than just a chip.
hey u like Shallou's music yehey
Imagine when the battery itself takes the next step in innovation
Really good video! Congratulations on doing something very good!
This is possible for apple BECAUSE their are so proprietary that they can design their software to work with a chip like this. This is similar to what Nintendo does with their games and consoles. Zelda botw was designed specifically to run on the Nintendo hardware and the hardware was designed specifically with this hardware in mind. This is what makes it so powerful
The naughty exclamation compellingly bathe because transport correspondingly help failing a tan tailor. tranquil, tangy venezuela
Brillian video...Thank you!!!
I feel like an important point is missed here. M1 is based on 5nm vs intel is stuck on the old 14nm. This gives Apple an enormous advantage. If you want to compare RISK vs CISK wait for Intel or AMD to make a 5nm processor.   BTW the reason for which Apple can make sth on the 5nm process is that they have reserved all TSMC fabs cable of 5nm production.
💘Acorn Risc Machine (ARM), thank you 😏😉😊😎
Do what exactly.. make you have to run the exact hardware in their ecosystem.. can't even plug in a external gpu now ... Ohh boy a step backwards is considered epic by fanbois
Build what something everyone has done with cellphones for over a decade ?.. or you mean put arm in a pc done way back in the 90's by acorn systems
Did they think up  a new way of stealing from samsung ??
It says a lot and doesn't explain anything, besides reaffirming lies. It's like this video is part of Apple's marketing campaign.  At no time is the difference in the software, which is the biggest key in absolutely all of this, conveniently even mentioned.
When I was in school in uk 2 things the The English taught me, 1- RESEARCH, 2- MAKE THINGS SIMPLE. Period... it’s their oxygen & ASPERSIONS.. though pity they brought foreigners.. in  name of DIVERSITY & INCLUSION.. which has wiped out this beautiful trait in English ppl.. sad.. but everyone loves u.. 😂😂😂😅😅😅 for what!!!:/
No they didn't
Wouldn’t it be great for the whole personal computer field to be reliant on just Apple? They wouldn’t price gouge us! They wouldn’t dictate what programs we could run! Apple doesn’t hide hundreds of billions from taxation in the USA. What’s good for Apple is obviously good for everyone! The truth is that big companies care about their profits and not you. Let’s hope the future is better for all of us and that shouldn’t include a more powerful Apple.
Intel got too confident and laid back before the 6th generation.
And Monopolies always FAIL !!!!!.................so its a story of FAILURE ! Todays Apple success is just camouflaged FAILURE !
Um apple moronically thought to put a smart phone cpu in a mac and still make it overpriced ? Amazing!!
Great Video !!!👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
If only I had a dollar for every time someone called something a game changer.
The level of apple hate in the beginning just a disclaimer was comical
If you delete, Facebook, Twitter, photos and music, Apple would fade away.  Hopefully the new chips can be used for something good for human kind.
The A in apple stands for A$$hole.If they are so good why won't they repair them?
And the screen is still smaller, can you see that?
Nice!
More competition for Amd intel will only push the later two to pick up the pace to keep the crown, that competition is already heating up between them and 2021 will be the year of innovation. All we need to know is that’s good news for the consumer and 2021 and beyond will push them all to win market space. Maybe Moore’s law isn’t dead, just yet!
.... 👌👌👍 ... nice...!!!!!!!!.....
People being skeptical about moving to ARM from X86 is like what it was with people when electric cars first showed up
so lets put a name on this laptop and where one can purchase it.....
Intel is getting it from all sides.  This is what true arrogance will get you.  Amd is handing it to Intel and now so is Apple.  Intel is having trouble with it’s manufacturing process.  When you think that you are too big too fail, it can become a self fulfilling proficiency and that’s not to say that Intel will fail, because they still have a huge revenue stream, but Moore’s law is dead and if Amd was able to deliver part of this gut punch, Apple will deliver another one to the other part of the gut punch. I’m an Amd /Intel guy or x86 guy, but, I’m doing research and went out to bestbuy looking for and asking questions about this M1 chip for Video editing, Audio editing, Photography and the lower power consumption.  If Apples continues down this road, I will considering getting both their laptop and IPad and maybe even an IPhone again. Could you imagine being able to edit video as shown on an IPhone with no lag, this is just sick!!! If Apple can get a graphics chip to compete with Nvidia and deliver a gut punch to them and get into the gaming sector, (they are already into the productivity sector) which is a billion dollar plus business, the computer world is in for a huge surprise and they will totally deliver Steve Jobs Vision, wow, just wow, that M1 chip is a beast, go get them Apple!!!
The credit goes to TSMC AND OTHERS who make the machineS that make the chips ;.. NOT APPLE
For the blue dots in the chart, there’s something wrong. You’re using 11th gen  laptop chips and desktop CPUS in the same chart. Which isn’t really fair, especially since you’re not saying your 11Th gen CPU on the chart is actually a laptop chip. Also, all the intel chips you included (not including the laptop chip) can actually be overclocked significantly for increased performance (it’s why the TDP is so high)
3DO was risc
The game is now all about interfaces I/O is the new arena
4 mins into this and you tell me NOW you are starting the story? - goodbye
I want AMD and Samsung to team up to create a chip that can compete with m1
Good video, well explained. One thing though: the narration is a bit monotonous with same repeating intonations, almost a bit computer-like.
Great video... great info!
I heard every single second of the video gaining knowledge every second. Awesome content
The dry spot commercially delay because joseph elderly trouble aside a descriptive ethernet. light, nimble sand
Great vid. I learned a lot. Also added the morning brew email
Boycott Apple products and services.
Do we lay awake at night because Apple's new chip excites us so much? Not really, the world moved on.
That’s seriously good content.
Phone vs desktop comparison (@16:00), not exactly a true processor comparison.      P.S. As always LYW Dagogo All desktops have background processes that load in the background, Apple iOS/Windows/Linux base, albeit they all load differently as do iOS mobile devices + Android but there's a huge difference in the overall loading between a desktop device vs mobile.  I'll preface this by stating I'm not an Apple nore an AV editing expert and have no idea about the product used to convert the file but for all we know, this comparison could be completely local vs cloud-based so we're possibly looking at here is an upload to a dedicated spec processing server and download of the converted file...  NB: Jonathan Morrison's most pertinent comment on the processing on the mobile device (@06:10 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUkDku_Qt5c) could speak to the hardware but there's no evidence shown either way. What he's also talking about points to the potential use of cloud services for processing     - Please enlighten me if you have any further insight into this product's processing (on the mobile device vs desktop)?  - Simple (not definitive) test can you use the application without an internet connection...  P.P.S I personally can see ARM taking over the mobile & PC market but it doesn't mean there won't be a need in the future for developed x86; Intel; AMD but it's a well-needed shakeup to the market
What I want to see is chips like these in the oculus quest 3
Apple changed industry by introducing iphone, which made android user looks stone age people searching for back and home button!
The inconclusive employer uniquely muddle because greece interestingly mine mid a momentous disgust. rapid, feeble feigned cycle
Risc CPU needs 2 to 3 times more instructions so software program becomes large therefore CISC processor was created for personal computers which in old times had very low storage and memory so RISC program would have used large storage.
Let's have a decent conversation here. Why aren't there devices with mobile chips (soc) capable of running Windows or Linux, like a laptop or a devices with snapdragon or mediatek top tier chips capable of running a windows or Linux os that you can plug in your tv or monitor and have a very capable device, like you can literally game on those chips and do so much more for so little money.
exynos and qualcom are next in line . You really should check the snapdragon 888 what it would do . Its prior variant already beat a12 by 17% gpu optimization so did exynos 9960
RIP X86
50 YEARS TO MAKE A CHIP
Holy shit this was too good! 🤯
I guess Intel will soon bankrupt. AMD may not last too long
Apple is back in the game, once again changing the whole industry
The impossible christmas markedly tame because freon ultrasonographically warn to a ceaseless donald. vague, assorted fall
when pentium was for the next generation....
The loutish level secondly settle because ceramic provisionally sip inside a vivacious penalty. spiteful, unused servant
I think at the end AMD will be the fastest chip
Reminds of when the NOKIA CEO cried on stage and said "We did nothing wrong". Eh, yeah he did. If they just adopted Android (even if they didnt believe) they could still be on par with Samsung, huawei and so on today.   Intel is now at the bottom (For now). And the only thing I see is an arrogant leaderbase.
Looking into the future, AMD, and Intel have a few things going for them. AMD has the tried and tested infinity fabric, while Intel announced some time ago the Foveros ‘3D Chip Stacking’ . The latter considered by many to be difficult to cool, but seeing that the market will move towards RISC, which run substantially cooler, it shouldn't be impossible. I think that AMD would be able to quickly adapt multiple AMD chips in a single CPU, with Intel arriving late to the game but potentially taking back it's crown.
Oh wow... Just as AMD took the crown from intel, Apple comes along and ARM takes the lead...
What people don't realise is  AppleMc iPhones are double the price anywhere in the World than they are in the US.
Great fascias ... but the book _doesn't fit the cover_
Apple are for people who dont know about computers
Still not buying Apple Macs
A brilliant well done video.  It explained a difficult and complicated topic very well.  Many thanks!!
Already sold my Intel stock a while ago
This channel has always had the best content on Youtube!  Gonna save up for a Macbook Air after watching this :-)
I wonder if the M1 can be used for PC Gaming in comparison to Intel and AMD latest offerings. Obviously its already proved itself in computing power on an efficient level but how it would handle PC gaming? If Apple can do this they have the chance to steal market share from Intel in the Gaming PC world.
If you actually look up the benchmarks you will see this is grossly incorrect, the cpu is at best comparable to a lower mid performance Ryzen, the only advantage it has over Intel chips is the GPU. If you are serious about the GPU you buy an AMD, people who use intel chips usually have a 3rd party GPU in their device. The CPU single core performance of any top Intel or AMD is comparable in single core performance and something like 2-10 times more powerful in multicore tests. Graphical performance issues are not a demonstration of a CPU's performance, but an amalgamation of a number of factors. Intel embedded GPU's are known to be the worst in the industry, a fair test would compare to AMD Ryzen CPU's with credible comparable GPUs.  The Surface X uses an Arm chip, and is probably the worst design choice in  Microsoft's recent history, and the following graphics suggest via the infographics that this is a demonstration of the performance of a high end Intel x86 Chip shown in the graph, so this is also extremely misleading, to show an Arm based device, then go on to not mention the platform while showing slides referencing intel and x86 processors. This is extremely deceptive. Yes Surface X sucks, yes Intel x86 GPU's are crap, but the CPU performance of a top of the line x86 with a 3rd party or AMD integrated GPU still crushes a 6 core A14 and outperforms an A14X when compared apples to apples.
15:40 the statement is wrong. An A12 is not faster than a 10900k, that'd be imposible. That chart is showing how much faster they got compared to their own architecture.
It is really impressive what apple has done, but still don't buy Apple products. I will wait until arm CPUs are more common and I can run Linux on it
Does this mean like most android phones have update issue now laptops and desktops will also have update issues???
Intel CPU would make a great heater during winter seasons
They should call it Acorn Random Memory "ARM" or Acorn Rapid Memory. Just sounds cooler ;)
You do understand why they did not come out with a new product line with the new chip using as only an example a Chromebook versus a laptop the reason why they did not create a new product line so that they could get that top dollar from the start  maybe even more for a well-established product that already consumes the market very smart I know the shareholders will be very happy sorry for all the run-on sentences talk and text stay blessed 2020
Just from a power perspective this is really good news, I hope servers go in this direction reducing the impact of the connected world.
5 ads
The wacky lumber systemically tumble because judge immunocytochemically help concerning a conscious agreement. needless, whole current
Is there a Windows laptop that has this kind of technology in it which makes it run longer on a single charge?
this video is an advertisement paid by apple lol. dont act like its unbiased
Just crammed asic video aceleration on die, adding gpu asic aceleration on cpu is nothing new, i5+ gpu aceleration can beat i7.
ssd
*Apple's first A-Series chip was the A4, used in the iPhone 4, 2 years before the iPhone 5.
Damn buddy ...  Cold fusion that's just exploding .. Fantablous
Can apple pay their employees though?
The Wintel platform is stagnating.    I have about most powerful wintel laptop you can get . . .  performance is similar to Windows XP box from ~2005.   Bloatware is one problem, the other issue is that use of "one drive" means everything uses network.  I wish Apple would make bigger bulkier lap top with:   higher clock, fan,  actual USB connections, bigger battery.
Let's not forget that the M1 chip is killing it in relatively niche applications where hardware acceleration can make all the difference. An x86 CPU using all its brute force will never beat something like a GPU with hardware acceleration for H265 transcoding.  The key is this: Will software developers make the effort to switch to ARM instead of x86? Because right now Apple's M1 can beat the pants of x86 CPUs in applications which were optimized for their M1 ARM CPU, but falls apart when it has to emulate x86 instructions.  Ultimately I think that Apple's innovation will further fragment the market instead of pushing it forward. Now developers have to deal with two CPU technologies, which is generally unappealing. x86 isn't going to go away just because Apple released a shiny new notebook which impresses the movie editing enthusiasts.
Hello first, the video shows a new M1 chip for all upcoming I-Phones that are still in production!  The advertising shows how quietly the M1 works when it is connected to Apple laptops by the I-Phone 11 or other I-Phones!  Microsoft has long since offered this, the link between Windows 10 and Android and / or IOS Apple I-Phones!  Anyone who owns an I-Phone 11, for example, knows exactly how quickly an I-Phone 11 heats up!  Because either the CPU gets too hot or even the battery heats up, which is an old disease of Apple I-Phone!  I have an I-Phone 11 myself, and in 2016 I had an older I-Phone 4s black and an I-Phone 4 white!  The devices had already got damn hot at that time and I thought the iPhone would explode!  Now Apple goes there and selects an even faster M1 chip, it won't last long because the CPU gets too hot!  There is actually nothing new about this outdated M1 chip, which distributes the allocation units to several partitions and has the task of searching for and finding!  This of course creates a lot of heat, which has to be dissipated somewhere, for example a 2 mm rotating fan that should be installed under the CPU unit and thus cool everything and then also attach ventilation slots on the side where the hot air can escape!  And so the battery would also be protected from overheating!  This fan should only switch on when critical heat has been reached!  If this were not done, the iPhone could crash or freeze from overheating, nothing is functional anymore! The same and the same performance can be achieved through links with supercomputers, which then carry out the work at lightning speed and can be accessed on the I-  Show phone!  That's the future!  I-Phone + Server + Supercomputer = Infinite performance and super-fast and without overheating!  "X" Hallo, das Video zeigt einen neuen M1-Chip für alle kommenden I-Phones, die noch in Produktion sind!  Die Werbung zeigt, wie genaue Farbauflössung das M1 funktioniert, wenn es über das I-Phone 11 oder andere I-Phones mit Apple-Laptops verbunden ist!  Microsoft hat dies längst angeboten, die Verbindung zwischen Windows 10 und Android und / oder IOS Apple I-Phones!  Wer zum Beispiel ein I-Phone 11 besitzt, weiß genau, wie schnell sich ein I-Phone 11 aufheizt!  Weil entweder die CPU zu heiß wird oder sich sogar der Akku erwärmt, was eine alte Krankheit von Apple I-Phone ist!  Ich habe selbst ein I-Phone 11 und 2016 hatte ich ein älteres I-Phone 4s schwarz und ein I-Phone 4 weiß!  Die Geräte waren zu diesem Zeitpunkt schon verdammt heiß geworden und ich dachte, das iPhone würde explodieren!  Jetzt geht Apple dorthin und wählt einen noch schnelleren M1-Chip aus, der nicht lange hält, weil die CPU zu heiß wird!  Dieser veraltete M1-Chip, der die Zuordnungseinheiten auf mehrere Partitionen verteilt und die Aufgabe hat, zu suchen und zu finden, ist eigentlich nichts Neues!  Dies erzeugt natürlich viel Wärme, die irgendwo abgeführt werden muss, zum Beispiel ein 2 mm rotierender Lüfter, der unter der CPU-Einheit installiert werden soll und somit alles kühlt und dann auch Lüftungsschlitze an der Seite anbringt, an der die heiße Luft entweichen kann  !  Und so wäre der Akku auch vor Überhitzung geschützt!  Dieser Lüfter sollte sich nur einschalten, wenn kritische Wärme erreicht wurde!  Wenn dies nicht getan würde, könnte das iPhone abstürzen oder vor Überhitzung gefrieren, nichts ist mehr funktionsfähig!  Dieselbe und dieselbe Leistung kann durch Verknüpfungen mit Supercomputern erzielt werden, die die Arbeit dann blitzschnell ausführen und über das I-Phones Telefon abgerufen werden können!  Das ist die Zukunft!  I-Phone + Server + Supercomputer = Unendliche Leistung und superschnell und ohne Überhitzung!  "X"
That... was a superb synopsis. I work in the industry (hell, I used to work FOR APPLE) and I didn't know the numbers were that disproportionate. I'd heard there was a discrepancy between the architectures (just generic scuttlebutt through various channels), but my primary concern was simply compatibility.  Presently, for my current employer, I log into a virtual desktop (running windows 10; not my call) from a late-model Mac (which was) that I actually had to furnish myself. Still worth it to me. Upon hearing about the ARM migration, though, my first thought had been, "stellar. I'm gonna HAVE to switch to one of the prehistoric Toshitbas IT crams down our throats (in fairness, I DO still have the one they issued me and I couldn't get by without it. Yanno, until I found something else of similar thickness to level my back left desk leg. Considering it IS a Toshitba from roundabouts the Kennedy Administration, War and Peace might serve). If indeed they benchmark even COMPARABLY (let along BETTER) while EMULATING non-native apps, this allays virtually all of my concerns.   I have more research to do, it seems. Thanks, mate. Liked and Sub'd. Cheers.
great video
This channel is my fav discovery channel on YouTube
Conspiracy theories been predicting this for years.
very informative video , your comments at 24:59 are so right, we should all enjoy the progress and not argue over brand preferences.
Intel chips read/ write speeds still beat ARM.
Hate Apple all you want but...   Apple pretty much revolutionized the PC market with the Apple II, then disrupted again with Macintosh, then sent the black swan again with iPod, upset the industry again with iPhone and iPad, and is now doing it again with their own custom silicon built on ARM architecture. Apple disrupts repeatedly.    Each time I was wrong.  Apple II -  I felt personal computers were for hobbyists and that businesses would never buy the Apple II.  WRONG. Macintosh - I called it an electronic etch-a-sketch and went on about the efficiency of the command line.  WRONG. iPOD - I said there was nothing special, plenty of MP3 players around and people wanted to steal music, not license it. WRONG. iPhone - I said Apple would never release a phone. What could they do no one else had done? Why get into bed with phone companies? WRONG.  Macintosh on ARM.   -  It took about 40 years of me working with Apple and Apple tech pretty much every day of my life but I finally got one right. I said that yea, after seeing what I could do on an iPad or iPhone that Apple would either bring ARM architecture to the Mac or let Mac fade away to be supplanted by the iPad. I’d fallen deeply in love with the speed, power and capability of my iPadPro and it slowly became my daily computing machine  while my beloved $5000 MacBook Pro often remained in my backPack for the better part of the week. I could see the writing on the wall. Conventional computers are winding down, while RISC based appliances connected to the cloud are ramping up. My own IT consulting business now spends more time helping smaller companies map out and shift to a cloud based infrastructure than anything else.   Now though, with Apple bringing ARM to the Mac, I find myself wondering which direction people will take.  Deciding on a computer just became a lot more complex. Do I buy the blinding fast MacBook Air for $1000 or the iPad Pro for a bit more or the MacBook Pro? And how much will you give me for this stupid Razer Blade Pro I just bought?   Well done Apple, you’ve done it again.
IBM when PCs began: There is no business in personal computers cpus, intel took the chance and won...  Intel when iPhone begun: There is no business in mobile devices cpus, ARM is our chance now...
M1 probably is the most groundbreaking innovation by apple since iphone...I have never always been an apple fan...but this surely made me think otherwise...credit given where credit is due...good job apple...👍👍👍
Total hype YouTube creators giving free ads to Apple barely mentioning the negatives and repeating some straight lies. Giving Apple credit for what others did before them. As usual. Same with All touch smartphones which they were not first with downloadable apps Bluetooth wireless headphones fingerprint readers face I'd telephoto wide angle lidar tof wireless charging lack of headphone jack water resistance Oled notches etc.
What Apple did is awesome. Im going to buy my first Mac in my life. Btw I already was using them since 1993.
I am really happy because Samsung new exynos 2100  already has a score 3900 and apple new a14 and m1 chips are really good and when apple and Samsung compete the Indtrusry will move way forward
Amazingly informative video again. How big team is creating this content?
another apple fan boy
I hope I can still get my hands on products running these chips in the future that aren't Apple, because I prefer android/windows for the customisation
What a boring voice,. Gave up after 1 min
Lol, outside of the US, apple prices are ridiculous.  With that money I can buy a gaming pc
You Lost me at 715
Next up- Apple Cars to compete w Tesla!  If they steal my idea I want 5% of all sales Final!   :)
well done video
Just in time for all those game streaming apps. Lets see where this goes in the next 10 years.
Huge jealousy towards my graduated M.Sc. in KM Mr. Esa Samuli Laari's CEO level skills already since autumn 1994 when together with control room operator vacancy (400 kV South Eastern national electrical grid and three big power plants) with back then IT based professional school and UPM Kymmene Oyj's professional school started to study IT and ICT sciences at open university at Lappeenranta University of Technology. I have installed Oracle's data bases already since summer 1995, when I was named to local IT manager in Finnish national electrical grid corporation with excellent success. Never in narcotics or alcoholic = 5 drunkness in year 2019, 9 drunkness in year 2020 so far in maximum 4 alcohol drinks three times, 0 EUR to alcohol inside this year 2020 honestly so and having totally clear headed living and attitude and huge responsibility joined to my excellent talents and huge ex work load. Never mentally or physically disabled nor gay sexua nor bi sexual nor trans sexual. Most Finnish media, relatives, ex friends and ex girlfriends hate me hugely as well as most Finnish politicians and my home city, especially Lappeenranta's mayor and authorities, but I am not giving up of Lutheran truth, my faith to God, Jesus Christ and Holy Spirit nor positivity or self development!
25:08 Well said. Progress can only be seen with the existence of healthy competition. Meaning manufacturers will have their focus more on the consumers rather than just on profits.
In reality, the M1 chip is much powerful than the old Inntel one.
ARM is the future thats what i've been saying for years, and now here we are with a amazing M1 chip and from a personally experience it's a very good CPU and i'm very proudly happy to own this new cpu technology at my workstation.   Apple has a great macOS system to me I love very much i'm a huge fan of NeXTStep and BSD Darwin system now having custom super fast arm chips for it .... it's just amazing.   I'm also a huge GNU/Linux user and i love my x86_64 amd processors like ryzen, but for what the M1 chip is it's actually a very impressive power per watt experience and i really love this computer.
watch this video on my mac mini m1 base model :)
And now i know where apple's investment and  innovation was going when people were frustrated with the same iphone launching with increased price every year
if Apple continues increasing ARM processors speed at this rate, this means that the Macs will be out of date much faster than with Intel CPUs... A 4 years circle like iPhones? No so good for a $3000  system.....
rip to pc and laptops
A few points if I may:  This video doesn't offer anything new that I haven't known for the past 25 years. It's a good video for high school students who know nothing of the 90's CPU architecture battles or Apple-fascists who love to hear how great is their tech-god. The battle of RISC and CISC played out in the '90s. But the instruction sets of both have evolved to the point that RISC is no longer "reduced". The instruction sets of CISC and RISC have evolved to become quite vast and complex, so a "Reduced-ICS" is a fallacy. But the reality is that RISC is about 30% more efficient for low power usage, and the reason why Intel failed miserably with their CISC processors in the mobile space. Only recently from around 2019 onward, RISC has shown to compete with high-powered desktops through multi-core CPUs. But that's thanks to AMD, not Apple. Apple has done shit in the contribution to the RISC CISC evolution. They still only license the technology from ARM. They didn't invent RISC and have only built on top of it. So giving credit to Apple for RISC is just Apple-fascist propaganda.  In the video, the benchmarks are misleading and clearly Apple-FUD.  AMD has far exceeded the capabilities of Intel's 10th gen processors for nearly two years now, so comparing the M1 to Intel is a waste of time. AMD's absence in the comparisons is obviously deliberate and suggests that the M1 cannot yet touch AMD's Epyc and Ryzen series.   The 4K encoding "demo" is also bullshit. That is far from an apples-to-apples comparison (excuse the pun!). I have 20 years of video experience and I can encode a 4K video with one configuration that would take 3 minutes and max-out the specs of an HEVC config that would take 3 days to encode the exact same video. But sure, for Apple fascists who continually drink Apple's Kool-Aid - such a demonstration is certainly convincing that their tech-god is "once again" changing the world. The reality is that the flagship mobile processors of today including the M1 cannot compete with current flagship desktop processors. Apple - Why not show a 4K HEVC benchmark with the same video and exact same configurations and present a proper comparison?  Year after year Apple has presented a new "world-changing" processor that is 6x faster in 'A' and 12x faster in 'B', and 100x faster in 'C'. In the end, their processors prove to be only 10-20% faster than their predecessors in practical benchmark applications. Even still, if the M1 processor is 25% faster than the fastest Intel 10th gen processor, this isn't groundbreaking - it's just an incrementally faster processor. If Intel or AMD adopted the same rhetoric then they have been changing the world every year for the past 25 years!  To wrap up my rant - I find it funny to see Apple say $hit like "The M1 is faster than 98% of PC's".  Any new flagship processor that Intel released in the past (and now AMD as the market leader) will be faster than 98% of any old computer! But I can acknowledge that this is great propaganda! If Apple is good at one thing, it's great marketing - especially to their loyal disciple-base. Keep drinking Kool-Aid, my friends!
Whoo...... You are teaching me more than my teacher  😉😜
Compare the instruction set and performance/power consumption of the Intel chips to the instruction set and performance/power consumption of Apple’s M1. Then do the same between the EVM and RChain’s rho-calculus-based execution. You’ll find they follow the same pattern.
The equable quince multivariately reproduce because animal synthetically allow but a reminiscent mini-skirt. numberless, shivering apparatus
t.ly/YJVH t.ly/Z9xf t.ly/S9Zq t.ly/ORpz
The bad thing about the X-86 was the memory addressing ... it was complicated by paging and had to multiplex the address lines because of limited IO to a chip, usually 64 pins.  To be compatible with all that PC software the stuck with that for a really long time.  Not sure they still have that or not, but it is simpler to just have direct addressing lines and faster too.  But, microprocessor design has come so far and is so amazingly complex these days seems like anything that makes it simpler or that hides the complexity is a good thing.
1:50 - The Commodore PET computer pictured in your video right as you are saying X-86 actually used a MOS Technology 6502 processor.
yes, easy you just protect the chinese from using the manufacturing technologies,  patented by american companies- mostly innovated by non-american.
The honorable need accidentally greet because zebra cytopathologically fool for a obese condor. murky, acidic stepdaughter
Comparing a A14 with a 10900k is a joke.  Read about real benchmarks and publish junk / fake stuff like this.
Don't worry it will be made in China and still sold for american-made price 🤷‍♂️
Making a slightly bigger iPad with attached keyboard will change the industry ? But it sure will be a good experience for people staying with in the Apple software eco system. (Once Photoshop is ported to ARM, that is.) Going to a faster Mac machine is only truly beneficial if you can take all your current Mac based software, tools and processes with you.  “Giving it (the SOC) room to breath” is absolutely true! Have you seen the inside of the M1 based Mac Mini? It is mostly air.
What everyone must realise, these M1 chips will be the worst Apple silicon chips in a post 2020 Mac. I'm sure the guys in the labs are rubbing their hands and saying, you think there good, you've seen nothing yet!!! its not as if this M1 chip will ever sit in a Mac Pro. there will be an entirely different beast for that machine!
hmmm seems like i wasted $675 on a used Macbook pro when I could've spent under $1100 and gotten a new MacBook Air with the M1
Is now time travel possible with apple’s M1 chip ?
Too slow to innovate... Like Ford.  Traditional, Conventional, Legacy technologies are dead.  RISC AMD Chips in the future?  We'll see, soon enough.  Finally, chips as fast as Pentium II was supposed to be 25 years ago.  No more blaming hard drives for bottlenecks anymore.  Proven, slower, technologies?
Damn, this was so interesting, I watched the whole 26 minutes 😆 🤣 🤙 👍 🤘
Great video, full of inaccuracies and half truths but great nonetheless. No one can be blamed for that though, even those who have the technical background to understand the full story can barely make heads or tails of this whole mess. There's no winner in the CISC vs RISC war, because they are not comparable, they are both good (at the things they are good at).  X86 (and x64 afterwards) is the way it is today mainly because of consumer's choice. It wasn't something Intel designed on their own, but an industry standard that grew organically out of the many competing chip makers. Of course its named after Intel chips, but that's just another story, which involves lawyers and brands and things I don't quite understand... I only know that the "pentium" brand was born out that kerfuffle as Intel failed to make x86 a brand.  The main driving force on the CISC front was/is... well... videogames. A CISC chip today is not just an instruction processor, it does so much more, so much that you need a full year at college just  to understand the basics of it all. But to try to explain it in as few words as possible, a CISC chip is smart, it's main job is not to just run a program but to figure out how to run the program in the best way possible. This is desirable for very complex programs, which use a lot of floating point operations or other high cost operations, and which are also usually released in a not very optimized way, aka videogames. On the downside, they are very inefficient for other applications.  RISC has been around since CISC also became a thing. If there's something nerds love is their internal civil wars. But there never was a true RISC standard as x86 was for CISC. There are a lot of RISC out there, almost as many as there are chip makers... Hell, we even got RISC for theoretical machines that were never built for market (Java for example).  The issue with RISC is that its performance is strongly dependant on the quality and optimization of the code. To put it in other words, whereas CISC is smart chips for dumb devs, RISC is dumb chips for smart devs. So how do you avoid this? You apply a strict control over the app marketplace and developing tools. Does that sound familiar? Downside is, you smother innovation. Not that apple cares about that... they'll just offset lack of innovation with marketing, as they usually do.  What about the benchmarks? Benchmarks lie, they have always lied. Truth is we have long ago reached the max performance we can physically get out of silicon, since then benchmarks have been about averages under very specific conditions, which can be misleading about the actual performance of a machine. Back in the real world, normies love their RISC running phones and gamers laugh at them, neither is either right or wrong, just different consumers with different wants and needs.  But, you could have a machine which has both CISC and RISC, could you not? Yeah... And it's not like it hasn't been tried... But... Most remarkably Intel did try to push a sort of hybrid technology back in the dawn of the 64 bits era, and they failed spectacularly. Because of this they lost the 64 bits race with AMD, as they pushed a pure CISC 64 bits chip which the market readily adopted, setting their specs as the de facto new standard (x64). Since then no one in the PC market has ever dared to question CISC supremacy.  Thing is, even if this is not a paradigm shifting new tech, which is definitely not, it's still a good thing that apple is pushing RISC towards new markets, maybe someone will put two and two together and finally figure out how to make CISC and RISC work together, that would definitely be the breakthrough we need. Meanwhile, most of the market will look at the M1 and say "cool bro, does it run crysis?"
The trite television descriptively suggest because passbook internally offer for a modern stretch. automatic, creepy washer
if apple made a dedicated handheld gaming device with this M1 chip it will destroy the nintendo switch in raw power and battery consumption.
But can it run Cyberpunk 2077 ?
VERY well put together! Thanks for doing it!
The faithful hydrant beautifully charge because birth interstingly paste times a last notebook. stupendous, alcoholic hourglass
Awesome video.  Now, if they could bring all the great shows to one platform.🤠
Great content. I remember acorn power pc's with risc chips being incredibly good at 3d work compared to anything else at the time. Love the old adverts in this video too.
Excellent way to put the views. Congratulations 👍
My morning brew is a cold fusion. Meaning I drink coldbrew coffee as I wake up.
"Steve had all the keys" is 100% true.  Since Steve is gone, Apple has turned from one of the world's most innovative premium computer and gadget brand, into a profit-first-customers-later strategy shooting out inferior quality overpriced products that only suckers will buy. the build quality is going downhill, the right-for-repair is no longer to be found, the designing of unrepairable products (on purpose) so that you will have to buy a new device even if only your battery is bad etc.. (so much for "caring for the environment" apple..).  I will never buy anything made by Apple, I don't care how "cool" their new processor is, I will never buy 1990's hardware for 2025's money while the hardware does not last as much as it should, and not because it is bad - but because the company behind it want to find creative ways to get me to throw two grand each 2-3 years on a new magic box, because all they care about is their bottom line.  I have just replaced my 2017 mac mini  with another small factor "pc", which was $1000 new, and had far superior hardware even in compare to the maxed-out $2800 mac mini... not to mention that none of Apple's possible configurations would allow the hardware I have got for literally a third of the price, I will not write down the brand name, but that new machine comes from a highly reputable company that clings to the business sector- so not some cheap POS.   Well what do I know some people are just fools and keep buying overpriced crap for the "cool factor", Apple you disappointed me 2 times, there won't be a third..  oh yeah that new Apple "Pro" monitor stand, $25 worth of Aluminium for around $900. my my..
Mac's are turning into chromebooks slowly and trying to make it seem ground breaking.
I can't tell if the guy is making things up or not, but if you have any hardware that runs League of Legends "not smooth, glitchy, drops frames",  you should throw it into the dumpster because it's a piece of trash. Any used hardware from a decade ago you buy for under $20 can run that old game with zero issue.
They already went WAY over the TREASON line. They can NEVER be free of the STAIN.  I want the CEO's SHOT
I'm pretty sure the manufacturing is done by Taiwan Semi-conductor and not Samsung.
The giddy owner extragingivally water because billboard tentatively cough up a  flippant stone. ossified, cooperative typhoon
Nice article and good presentation
No mention of AMD? 😴
Want to know something that really matters, like the Truth about the true powers of this world, Reality + what our lives are truly all about. Trump beleaves in our Father in Heaven, and by the way, the ARK of the COVENANT has been found in Jeremiah's Grotto, right under where YESHUA=Jesus was crucified. So HIS BLOOD + WATER that came out when He was stabbed by the spear could run down the crack in the bedrock, that happened when the earth quaked + landed on the correct side of the ARK, that was placed there many hundreds of years earlier. His dried BLOOD was still alive even, + tested as only having 24 CHROMOSOMES = Virgin Born + proving HIS DIVINITY.. (only had one parent= regular 46, which is 23 chromosomes each) + with only one male Y chromosome from the Father. - PLEASE WATCH THIS VIDEO https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8TRoQk6WUE @ (41:41) = HIS Blood is STILL ALIVE + had only 24 chromosomes = 23 from his mother + only One from His Father (normal people have 46 = 23 from the mother + 23 from the father). If these videos have been taken down, then in YouTube search these words = ( ark of covenant blood Ron Wyatt ) - Sorry guys + gals, but the higher up elite of mankind has decided to believe + side with these aliens (fallen angels + Nephilim) = sons+daughters of the children of fallen angels + human females in building these particle colliders - which mess with our timelines. - Isn't it amazing what knowledge we can gain by simply adding the “il-s” of life, into this evil theory.,, EVil-sOLUTION. Evolution never happened,,, and it never had the time, so it could have happened,,,, because we have only been here on this earth for about 6000 years. Think about the odds of us on this earth that is constantly gaining mass from space dust and meteors, revolving around a sun that is always losing mass from burning fuel=mass. If mankind has evolved over billions of years, then why is there only about 6000 years worth of space dust on the moon = see the moon landings, there are only a few cms of space dust. If evolution ever happened, then it needed the moon to keep the oceans from becoming stagnant water. - WHERE ARE THE THE BILLIONS OF YEARS WORTH OF DUST DEPOSIT. Surely that would have produce meters of dust, as would not the dust have been even thicker way back then + Don't try to tell me that something or someone removed the dust every so many thousand years. - DO THE MATH FOR YOUR SELF = the amount of dust deposit is known,,, + the amount deposited per year is known too. I did the math in the early '90s, and it worked out to be about 6000 years worth of dust that is on the moon now. I don't know if they use the same figures now or not. But even so, it should be obvious that after even one billion years,,,, the dust should be many meters thick. + TRUTH about COVID-19 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_vNWmqWmZc - Perpetual Geometrical Electricity Multiplication can power all things. TESLA was right + free AC electricity multiplication is easily done using PULLEYS =(wheels). This simple technology is even, Found in the Bible @ (Ezekiel 1:16), as the inner workings of a UFO motor. "a wheel in the middle of a wheel" or, a small wheel running around the inside of a large wheel. Or a small cog in the middle of a large cog, with two medium-size cogs of the same tread in between the large outer cog and the small inner cog. Do you see why I chose to use pulleys + belt/elastic/rope/or a piece of tied rope or string, instead of cogs with both sizes of cogs + threads having to have meshed correctly? - This GEM-(free energy technology) is so simple that it should be obvious-(but it has been hidden by evil spirits). Just think of this small amount of logic,,, it only takes an input of a few sparks,(short bursts of current) to rotate a large 33 cm circumference pulley,(about 10 cm diameter) once, giving you 33 cm of moving belt. Then, if you run this length of belt past 1 to 3 mini-pulleys of 1 cm circumference, with AC or DC motors/generators attached, this would give you an output of 33 or 99 cycles of AC or DC electricity. NOW TRY + TELL ME YOU CANNOT FREELY MULTIPLY ELECTRICITY with pulleys when you can gain 99 cycles of AC or DC electricity, from a few sparks,(short bursts) of DC current, which is the amount to rotate a DC motor with a large 33 cm circumference pulley once. - + Don't you listen to these evil spirits, whispering that torque is a problem, as this is a blatant lie. This is because more torque occurs when you need to produce more power, and the only power that you need to produce is the minute amount of current that it takes to crank over your single DC motor one single time. These many rotations of these few motors or generators only need to generate a few short bursts of current, which equals practically nothing, when it comes to current. - This costs such a minimum amount of cash = 2 DC motors of the same voltage, 1 large + 1 small pulley, a belt, strap, elastic or tied piece of rope or string, possibly 4 diodes for a rough full-wave bridge rectifier, a capacitor and a few wires to connect these components together. This is so simple to assemble that we could start making a GEM=(Geometrical Electricity Multiplier) for almost every voltage that we might need or want. Please remember that a lot of these supplies might be laying around our homes, or you could easily and cheaply pick them up in a junkyard. And if you choose to use AC motors/generators, then you have to add a full-wave bridge rectifier, (4 diodes) in between your AC generator(s) and DC drive motor. - THIS GEM TECHNOLOGY IS SIMPLE LOGIC, THAT EVIL FORCES ARE HIDING. This website https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxpoiCFKmPg/ is almost identical to the idea that I was shown in the early 2000s as a Vision of a 10-speed bicycle going uphill in 10th gear + then back downhill in 1st gear + I soon put this GEM free energy technology on the web @ http://free-energy.yolasite.com/ Free energy can be generated using pulleys, because pulleys can be used to freely multiply the # of rotations + since AC electricity is generated by rotations, then we can use pulleys to freely multiply AC electricity. - This is a diagram https://free-energy.yolasite.com/picture-gallery.php that looks a lot like the wiring of this former “science experiment” YouTube video if you replace the battery with a capacitor + if you only attach one side of the capacitor. I used a battery instead of a capacitor to use any extra power to charge the battery, + also added a warning of how this could be a fire hazard, because of overcharging the battery. This free-energy website of mine was started in the early 2000s, so it was around for a long while, to inspire others of this ancient Ezekiel GEM technology - PLEASE,,,,,, JUST TAKE THE FEW MINUTES + BUILD THIS SUPER SIMPLE MECHANISM FOR YOURSELF. Just go to this website. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxpoiCFKmPg/ + see how truly simple this works, and is to build. Now please, go out and build as many of these super simple, and cheap to build, GEM free energy machines as you can, of all sizes and voltages. Or even better, convince the government to start generating it for us, getting rid of the pollution that we put into the air, and the radioactive stuff completely. - Have you ever heard of the MANDELA Effect? PLEASE CHECK THIS OUT,,,, + then try telling me that there is not a POWERFUL SPIRITUAL WARFARE going on in our world. This is a must-watch video. All of time and space are changing. Things that are true have been altered + CERN is the cause for these events - Here is one of the videos trying to let this scary information out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPrutcbaerQ&list=PLDIEv5nkqqEa0-u8DIzqpefKBAG0nkb7g&index=1 - + here is an explanation by the Physicists https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHKmoBeNWWQ&list=PLDIEv5nkqqEa0-u8DIzqpefKBAG0nkb7g&index=2 - + here is a radio speaker's view on this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v19n5JBSDs&t - CERN Is Changing Our Timelines – Proof - Mandela Effect Part 1 Our Father, Who Art in Heaven, had set up a Door = deadline for His Son to come back by/before + it has the Quantum computer http://doorschristmustpassthrough.yolasite.com/ but that Door has already past = JAN 14.57, 2019 = 1st DOOR + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooZA0riSa9Y tells you what is the real story. (REALITY = this is the hidden elite, in high places doing this, not your governments) - This whole world + whole universe is made of atoms, which are super small + super complex mechanisms,(which we are still learning about),,, containing massive energy =(atomic weapons) We are supposed to believe that these many trillions of trillions of massively complex mechanisms were all created in an explosion = BIG BANG. + WHEN WE STILL, WITH ALL OF OUR MASSIVE INTELLECT, HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO CREATE EVEN ONE SINGLE ATOMIC STRUCTURE. Do you see the utter stupidity of this EVil-sOLUTION conspiracy? - http://aliensandghosts.yolasite.com/ http://beliefstoliveby.yolasite.com/ http://incaseofrapture.yolasite.com/ - Here is a website that shows you how quick + simple this GEM technology is to build https://www.youtube.com/watch?reload=9&v=NxpoiCFKmPg - + here is a website that I set up to discuss how this GEM technology works https://www.facebook.com/groups/274842009339398/ - TRUTH ABOUT CERN https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49dGknES0-w https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooZA0riSa9Y D-WAVE COMPUTER https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v19n5JBSDs&t=305s UFO's https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7CM54HODGo RELEASING DARKNESS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TA-z6RrXRo ARTIFICIAL ORGANISM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-arVyMQMi1M EXTREME NATURE CHANGES https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HnSOZXZdWU ILLUMINATI PLAN FOR HUMANITY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49dGknES0-w Satan's Name Is "God" - Part 1 of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qr2vT5ySLA&t=1137s
It all depends on how "cheap" apple wants to make the products and Apple products aren't exactly known for compatibility as well... (I'm not talking exclusively running software or another OS, mkay) If those two issues get addressed properly, then I wouldn't mind buying apple computers.
The old PowerPC chips used in Macintosh until 2006 used RISC architecture. They had superior performance. What caused Apple to replace RISC technology was the power consumption and heat associated with the PowerPC. Now Apple has a processor with RISC AND low power consumption. If Apple improves the servicability and upgradability of the Macintosh line, they will RULE computing!!!!
Excellent video, once again, fascinating to watch, and  certainly one of Apple's biggest achievements in more than 10 years.
The longing sudan scientifically manage because refund conservatively arrange off a materialistic wood. jazzy, steady jogging
The oafish intestine primarily glow because smell formerly raise off a subsequent dorothy. sneaky, disagreeable chronometer
Does that mean that Ryzen has some competition?
It was something to expect. I like desktops more. I am excited with the prospect of monster desktops powered by ARM processors with zillion cores
If apple would just work on the durability of there screens they’d be great...
Tan39el 3la uceff lli co developpah m3a kingzppi
This has all happened before.  Apple's PowerPC vs Pentium.  IBM, Motorola, and Apple were the partners in PowerPC.  PowerPC had advantages for some years, but eventually could not keep up with MHz.  So Apple went with Intel.  Apple Silicon may have advantages now, but what happens when it can't keep up again?  Side benefit of Intel chips: BootCamp.  BootCamp is not possible on Apple Silicon.  Once again, we are fracturing away from standards and re-inventing the wheel.  Apple is becoming Apple 1990.  Maybe next time we can bring Woz back, ha!
Can it run crysis ?
how they changed it? By serializing all the parts making repair impossible. Illegal, but still getting away with it, and people like you, dont give a shit, bunch of muppets
This battle between RISC and CISC is ancient in the computer industry. This is nothing more than the latest skirmish. It isn't changing anything about the industry and it isn't going to revolutionize anything. Remember, Apple used RISC CPUs for years in their desktop computers but eventually they were forced to switch to Intel x86/X64 CISC CPUs due to flagging market share.
Just got an m1 MacBook Air and it is crazy fast with only 8gb of ram. So far, The hype is real
How the hell a 4 core arm processor is doing the same time as a monster 16 core?? Yeah arm is efficient is fast but not that fast or im missing something.
It is like marvel vs dc.
There is no festive season  ONLY THE CHRISTMAS SEASON  CHRIST IS THE LORD
Nicely explained, efforts appreciated
Intel lost to Apple , Intel lost to AMD , I don't know how much more they gonna lose
the only solution for Intel is collaboration with MEDIATEK to make alternative solutoion, yes its ridiculus ....
that's why the recent iphones dont last their battery longer cause they ramped up the performance
information well delivered, well made, great video, clearly explained
by jove, since when apple start innovating again? For the longest i've been around, I only remember apple selling overpriced phones and laptops with a really hefty apple tax, and those buying it are either dumb or have too much money to spend. But this? phew, this is real innovation here. Hopefully big name chip manufacturer see the writing on the wall and start jumping in to the ARM bandwagon. I know NVIDIA already has with them trying to obtain ARM entirely, and AMD already bought ARM's license and start designing their own ARM CPU and GPU cores. Intel is still probably gonna be the good ol' Intel we knew, too busy counting the beans and forgot  the word 'innovation' and 'competition' exist.
You can upgrade ram from 8gb to 16 tho
Clayton M. Christensen repping the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints,  LETS GO
I love Apple products so much! The build quality and materials are just top of the line over any other large tech distributor.
And that's the magic of Apple................."it just works" :-)
glad i've not decided on any hardware for my next pc yet. will put it off for at least another year
They didn't
tesla already did it
You said these days everyone hates apple, that is far from true buddy.
Talk about an ARM's race, amirite?
As usual, the platform that run porn better Wins.
If you study CPU architecture, you know that explanations of  RISC versus CISC here are not accurate.
Doesn’t Intel remind you of Nokia and Blackberry?
Imagine how much faster you and your mac could be, if you'd be able to touch type. ;)
Well is not only a apple thing, Linux and Microsoft were first developing in ARM. the example you put of the surface pro x is not fair as simulation is x64 improve the last 2 months, plus this is a Adobe problem in general, Adobe premier pro have a lot of issues in the M1.  So is not an apple thing what we are looking
I don’t care about the M1, will never buy another Apple product since they are currently lobbying AGAINST a US Congressional bill which would ban the import of products which are produced with slave labour. In another example of ‘liberal’ corporate doublethink, these virtue-signalling creeps are fighting for child slavery in 2020.   I would switch to Google, but 1. I hate and distrust them and 2. They’re cooperating with the Chinese Communist Party with AI research — among other things — to help this evil mass-murdering dictatorship surveil and oppress their subjects; as well as engaging in domestic political censorship and the suppression of free speech.
Linus said arm-v is going to decimate Apple silicone! Any ideas ?
I love this documentary, cool👍🏽
Compare Snapdragon ARM vs Apple ARM
:Wowser! Emanuel Swedenborg certainly approves of this video.  Fun Fact: You can now get many of E. Swedenborg's books for free at swedenborg.com.  This message is sponsored by youtube channel Swedenborg and Life at https://www.youtube.com/user/offTheLeftEye.
Imagine install Linux on it. Yes, we have to wait for Linux developers work to make linux kernel supports this new architecture.
I'm pro risc, anti apple
So Apple took more than a decade to take intel down just because intel didnt agree to make iphone with them. Its crazy yet cool !!!!!
Where's the AMD chips?
hmm....this seems a planted story! ...to counter their inability to innovate and pitch them against Intel !!
The angst is coming off mainly from the Hackintosh crowd who are getting the message that their platform is now a  second class citizen in the Mac world.
I do like the idea of the Apple M series chips.  Unfortunately the current release only supports limited ports.  For myself I actually need more ports to plug in multiple devices.
all it needs is a digitizer n we legit
The vagabond ladybug promisingly hate because girl ironically suit into a brief panties. elfin, ajar author
RIP INTEL. You need a new CEO 😂😂
Great vid!  I had a feeling that the M1 was disruptive.  But holy moly.  I’m drooling for a new Mac and the future of our devices.  Apple has become a real silicon provider.   Maybe FINALLY they’ll stop charging us for iCloud????  Please?
i gues we are al switching to apple some day
respect on the Clayton Christensen reference
Fantastic.
A subject for a future video: Apple used a RISC chip earlier - the Power PC. What went wrong? Why didn't it take off like the M1 is now?
If you can overclock an ARM chip to the point where it's power consumption is equal to an x86 chip, wouldn't it be hundreds of times faster?
I love apple and i want iphone 12 in $ 200000000
LOL bigger apps (laughs in cyberpunk 2077)
This video opened my eyes. It seems for many years we've been pushing the processors to it's limits when there is another way of making computers more efficient
Sir PLEASE can you DO A VIDEO ABOUT TechnologyANDvaccines
I wonder how much electricity has been wasted over the last 40 years running Intel chips and cooling offices / homes from the heat released.
The debonair missile biochemically desert because talk physiologically queue outside a green grey grieving shorts. productive, alert reason
Spoiler alert: they didn't.
The mean mayonnaise partly joke because divorced advisably decorate among a outstanding point. accessible, odd taste
So, Intel basically turned into a potato.
Apple is always changing the history and getting so much fans jenny@ideaspcb.com Quick Turn Pcb Assembly Service |  Surface Mount (SMT) PCB Assembly , more than 20 years!
Anyone in here have one of these M1 MacBooks??? What’s been your experience
Wait, Macs don't have hardware acceleration for video exporting, or was it just not set up right?
Apple fan boys are easily impressed
I want an arm powered Windows PC. The arm that competes with Apple's M1. 💪🏼🍎
We’re currently witnessing the death of x86
is more than just using the RISC ARM processor..... is using a nano technolgy developed at NASA AME's in Mountain View, starting about 10 years ago.... I tried to get Lockheed Martin to buy into it ; but they blew me off....Now Apple has it, and once again Lockheed Martin becomes the Xerox of the Silicon Valley........
Great video, thank you
Man intel is such a shitbox right now. Literally not even competitive with AMD, nevermind keeping up with the Apple Chips.
I thought at the time of Apple announcing putting an ARM chip into a mac, the best way would be to have both, an X86 and an ARM, kind of like the Z80 boards in the Apple 2 many years ago. I thought they would need a few generations to weed out all the X86 apps, not figuring emulation could fill the gap. I think one of their best idea's is to integrate the ram into the SOC, avoiding all the complexities of the various ram architectures & caching carry on to keep up with a gigahertz CPU. I'm wondering how this will scale up to a SOC with many more CPU cores.
Bitcoin is going to 300 thousand dollars a coin its hard to belive it was once a percentage of a penny and people could get several hundred of em for a dollar alot of people have an put alot more then a dollar in it right now its 22 thousand a coin and running out of them is driving the price xrp will replace bitcoin and its only 50 cents right now on coinbase.... Guys this is like buying stocks but way better you put your money in here it just doubles tripples and more
I managed to finished watching the video. It's nicely put together but there are something that's amiss. 1. The whole video makes CISC looks bad, and RISC good. Would be nice to explore some points about why CISC was the choice (memory) and how it mitigated some of its issue (SIMD which acts on multiple data in one instruction. E.g. MMX, SSE). RISC wasn't the choice simply because its design is to execute exactly 1 instruction at 1 clock (MIPS has some mitigations but let's make this simple at first) and back then CPU are running at 33MHz. CISC filled this with custom instructions that contrary to what might implied by (multiple clock cycle to complete, the fact is it takes variable clocks w.r.t. instruction), it takes less clock cycles in total to do the same thing in RISC design for some operations. CISC is harder to maintain especially x86 which has a long legacy, and overtime it make designing the silicon harder and doesn't scale like how ARM design is with the increase of CPU frequency.  2. Might be a bit misleading to the uninitiated folks (most of us, since these CISC vs RISC war happened back in 80s and 90s), RISC = ARM. ARM back then was just a small company with limited impact and frankly sub-par performance. Back then, MIPS (used in PS and PS2), Sun SPARC, AIM PowerPC and DEC Alpha (which released the world's first 64-bit CPU) were the representatives. ARM started booming after they license their technology instead of making their own silicon. ARMv4 was first and ARMv5 was truly widespread in PocketPC, and later versions (especially ARMv7) really makes a good impact.  3. Mobile computing does not start with Apple devices. The one which popularized it was Palm (gone now), and Windows CE / PocketPC edition later took over it. Apple was having Newton and it was the first product from Apple with ARM CPU. Not iPod because Newton was before the return of Steve Jobs (and he's the one who binned this project). Then the cellphone market rose and that truly put mobile computing into spotlight - especially the first iPhone, and then Android devices follow. Microsoft missed this totally even though it used to be the major market leader in that realm (with its dated ActiveSync system). Classic Microsoft killing off teams after they declared victory (Internet Explorer team after v6 is also a victim of this).  4. Intel actually did dip their toe into ARM early on (PocketPC era). The  XScale CPU was one of the quickest available (PXA27x) but Intel thought it's useless technology and sold it to Marvell, and that's 2006. Intel also tried to start "clean" but frankly chose a wrong design likely due to company bureaucracy trying to please multiple people at the same time. It's not RISC or CISC strictly, it's VLIW which requires optimization right from the compiler. Yea, the name is called Itanium. They botched so bad that even Microsoft dropped support for Itanium. It was the CPU that Intel would officially support 64-bit with, and deemed the consumer market won't need 64-bit (see a pattern? Yea Qualcomm did the same with their SoC in 2010 when ARM released 64-bit extension design). And that gave rise to AMD Athlon 64 series putting extension to x86-64 (amd64). Intel followed with Pentium 4 and the rest is history. If you check why IA-64 exists, it was because HP found that the 1-clock-per-instruction basic design of RISC CPU is limiting, kinda ironic.  Overall, I would say this is one of the examples that less-is-more in the long run.
CORDLESS VR LIKE READY PLAYER ONE IS COMING
It sounds that Intel is in trouble...they are being out competed by both AMD and Apple.
Intel had the XScale CPU which are ARM based powering the Windows PocketPC. They opted to sell off the department... I had one of those PocketPC (Dell) so I remember.  Apple A7 was the first commercially available ARMv8-A CPU. ARM already had designed the specification back in 2011. Just that no one ever thought it's necessary to have 64-bit ARM CPU, hence Qualcomm didn't even have one until 2014.
There is x86/CISC and there is RISC not -ARM-
Vice President's doctor is shaking while giving COVID-19 vaccine https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UujpkDCphg&t=6s
WTF? Did the actual benchmarks not penetrate this guys bubble? World's fastest CPU*********        ********* at 10 watts and 10 watts only. Apple lied and knew it when they posted the slide. They left it up for like 8 hours and then posted the truth and hoped fools like this guy wouldn't notice.    The reality is Apple is putting the highest possible wall around their garden and they don't care what performance is like for their users. They're going to stick them with mobile chips and just ignore the tiny number who still try to do real work on Mac's.
Remember Hackers, 1986: https://youtu.be/wPrUmViN_5c RISC....
The fact that Apple is recognizing the fact that users do not want to lay out tens of thousands of dollars in updating apps to new metal by providing an emulation layer is a huge step in regaining my trust in Apple and joining in the excitement of this platform. Having been burned by Apple over and over again in the past when going from ][e to ][gs to Mac to Mac to Mac on different silicon and having to re-buy apps I already owned was a huge issue. Sure there were emulator and add in boards to run ][e on Mac, etc, but it was a stop gap because general the next level of Mac didn’t support that emulation....yet the software still served a purpose.
Yeah I don't think you can run an i9 at only 125W :D
Still looking for the silver bullet!
Now you just have to sell your wife and home to afford it.
Good video bro, quite enlightening. Pity Apple was the ones to do it, Cook is another iterative scammer generally changing f all and charging a premium for it. Hopefully Samsung rips them off and brings this design to the PC market
https://www.stable-investment.com
great video, thank you!
'Steam' game app just did this in it's latest patch "MacOS - Disabled “Enable GPU accelerated rendering in web views” and “Enable hardware video decoding” settings on Apple M1 devices due to poor HW-accelerated performance currently through Rosetta.", anything fishy going on there?
You didn't explain why RISC has started winning finally.  And that is the transition to multicore architectures.  Now the number cores are increasing, the complex instructions are struggling due to the coordination required across cores.  RISC doesn't have so much coordination across cores so its much easier to add cores and have them run at their fun potential.
This chip seems noice...they should try and put it in a laptop or something
Made in China by 6 year old kids.
IOW, you don't have a clue how they did it.
Apple is a marketing company. They should stick to what they are good at .
IT happen before. Remember Motorola. They said it was faster lol
Kinda makes me want to buy a apple tablet or something. I still prefer android and Windows over apple but with a large performance difference esp for just doing doing daily stuff a tablet would be nice. I could write using the tablet and my Bluetooth mechanical keyboard for example. Or draw of apple offers something like an Samsung spen etc
Cheaper.... I'm yet to see new tech that is faster, more energy efficient coming out cheaper. Someone has to pay for the R and D.
Crooks, swindlers high prices !!
Please, all these reviews, don't even push the Apple laptops to their limit, I'm a designer and i have 2020 MacPro 16inch, 2.5 i9, 64mb ram, 8gig gpu, 1tb ssd, and let me tell you this laptop doesn't shut up, the fan runs constantly. AMD I use the laptop for like 16-18 hrs a day sometimes 7days a week. Apart from the noise, the heat is so intense touch the laptop for 2mins at the back and url burn ur fingers. Now these new chips will have a major problem which is heat and there is hardly any ventilation, close to nothing. May took pretty buy not practical. And there is nothing major and new, this is just another blown out of proportion marketing for their new range laptops...nothing more....
M1 may is the only one thing Apple did heroic after Steve Jobs.
I'll be the first to say I was skeptical about ARM in laptop/desktops but after seeing this M1 I cannot wait to switch still gotta give it a few years for developers to catch up
Such a same Apple and probably the rest deals with slave labor subcontractors.
Yes, I love the new technology and its wonders.  I just hate that Apple, the gods of monopolizing everything may take over.  :(
Could you make a video about qualcomm? Since we are on the topic
Consumers rarely win. But the M1 is incredible.
The shy otter contrastingly pinch because action experimentally repair past a different note. superficial, agonizing grouse
I think that the key is to have the memory included like a huge L3 cache.
So intel got fat and lazy and Apple went to the Gym lol.  AMD as well.
Sweet.
it's quite unfortunate that too many people have fallen victim to the vast array of binary option investment frauds, resulting in large losses,some accountable to life. changing consequences. I have been a victim of frauds of about $20,000 by two binary options platform, I was totally devastated and confused. but thank God for my friend who introduce me to a legit platform where I recover all my lost funds, if you have found your self in the middle of losing streak, though the emotions that inevitably accompany those losses can be devastating to your confidence. do not worry. feel free to contact him via email  👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 michealrodriguez363@gmail.com   and he will guide you on steps to take to recover all your lost funds from binary option investment scam in Just few days  Contact via What's app  +4407950412897 +4407950412897
it's quite unfortunate that too many people have fallen victim to the vast array of binary option investment frauds, resulting in large losses,some accountable to life. changing consequences. I have been a victim of frauds of about $20,000 by two binary options platform, I was totally devastated and confused. but thank God for my friend who introduce me to a legit platform where I recover all my lost funds, if you have found your self in the middle of losing streak, though the emotions that inevitably accompany those losses can be devastating to your confidence. do not worry. feel free to contact him via email  👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 michealrodriguez363@gmail.com   and he will guide you on steps to take to recover all your lost funds from binary option investment scam in Just few days  Contact via What's app  +4407950412897 +4407950412897
By using child slave labour in China or dodging tax by operating out of tax havens???  By flooding the market with non-compatible software and hardware?  Apple are one of the most unethical companies in existence.... disgusting.  New ethical misconduct laws will almost certainly impact  Apple.  They have to try something new as they have lost market share for iPhone.
Intel also screwed Datapoint (Computer Terminal Corp).
This sucks for consumers and there is a big price to pay for keeping up with Apple's latest tech products.  I remember when Apple switched from Motorola 68K CPUs to the first Power CPUs and then to Intel and now to M1. While thats great for innovation it forces the entire Apple universe of application programmers and consumers to drag along with it.  Each time they do a CPU flip Apple systematically obsoletes their older stuff.  I can remember when the MacPro with a G5 processor was the latest sexiest thing ten years ago now they are worthless.  Apple's genius is their ability to constantly suck money out of consumer's pockets!
Sure, I'm excited about the prospects. But not if they're from crapple.
That is funny...              A Intel commercial AD come on during this video......
Why do Brits and Aussies pronounce "so" like "soy" and "phone" like "foin"?
The comfortable canadian ophthalmoscopically hang because deer postnatally drum opposite a nondescript relation. tedious, luxuriant gum
Hmmm but I thought my PC is slower than my phone!
They'll have changed the entire industry when the industry changes - let's see
They just made an arm processor.  They're in every cell phone on the planet. They just fabricated their own to put in their own hardware. Arm processors are more energy efficient. So your battery will last a little bit longer.  Well that's all. Apple didn't change the world.  As arm processors become more powerful you will see them in more things.
"These kind of machines can be less expensive..."  not if they come from Apple. Instead, they will be pricey, fragile and impossible to repair.
Yeah... for sure... I "Just Changed the Entire Industry". I see how our IT department will ditch its 100 Million Dollar server room for some M1 machines. Maybe the consumer market. But is did not happen yet. Sorry... clickbait title enraged me and baited be to comment :P
Imagine these puppies in the server market !
*Start* 0:31 Intro 0:40 apple's tactics ---- *Phones vs Desktops* 1:04 Traditionally 	1:11 older video - phone + monitor 1:27 Different archs 1:44 arm = simpler 1:49 x86 = beefier ---- *Best of Both* 2:12 What-Ifs 	2:27 20:14 Repo builtup/External reviews 3:18 M1 does this ---- *History* 4:13 Prelude: ARM vs x86 4:29 Instructions and Sets  5:07 x86 name 5:22 CISC 6:03 RISC 6:53 ARM - Acorn RISC Machine ---- *Rise of SIC* 7:15 ARM initiation 8:36 First devices based on arm 9:00 ARMs early niche 9:15 RISC/ARM efficiency 9:18 Clock Cycles 10:04 SIC early uses 10:47 Apple tries SIC - PowerPC 11:08 ARM in small Apple devices ---- *Growth in Apple* 11:42 🍎 dropping PowerPC 12:09 Asking intel for iPhones 12:45 ARM within 🍎 14:03 64-bit A7 chip 14:57 Beauuutiful Blonde, money and R&D ---- *Main Body* 15:16 🍎 vs Intel Performance chart 17:39 🍎 surpassing intel 18:08 iPads > Prev yrs Macs 18:22 - 19:20 *intermission* 19:40 🍎 M1 dropping intel 21:38 Far reaching impacts 22:40 23:35 The agreement with old observations 23:50 Steve's thoughts on Systems & Archs ---- *Conclusions* 24:35 Downsides to Apple (quick) 25:31 Speculations about future impacts ---- *End* 25:44 Merch 26:03 Outro
When Apple introduced the iPhone with a touchscreen of almost the size of the entire phone, with the idea that the phone was almost entirely controlled with the touchscreen, using your fingers, most of their competitors and critics laughed at them and were extremely skeptical. It took but just a few months before all the other smartphone manufacturers copied the idea, and just a year or two for it to become completely ubiquitous. Apple's idea of putting a device-sized touchscreen usable with your fingers on a smartphone pretty much killed the idea of having a physical keyboard on smartphones.
The quality of this and other similar channels makes you wonder about the future of classic TV programs.
Highly informative! Entertaining too. Thanks :))
20:05 Long live GTA San Andreas. GTASA is love, it is life.
There's so many misleading information about this video that I even going to start.  The iPad a dying breed that lost the battle against the Surface Line up been called more powerful than a Laptop is full Fanboy Garbage. Yeah right I am no Apple fan and I use Windows 😆🤦‍♂️
How on earth can anyone know for certain abt what goes on inside an apple chip and an Intel chip?! Rnt they proprietary?!?
Apples biggest innovation is having their products made by slave labour and charging inflated prices at the same time.
M1 chip on mining bitcoin, how well does it perform via cpu mining?
I don't think the Intel CEO's decision to not work on the iPhone was the biggest mistake in Tech History. I think it was Nokia's decision to go with Microsoft
you think there will be a big difference in programming with macs ?
The powerful adjustment roughly repeat because birch immunocytochemically inject aboard a frightened frightening full fumbling functional cave. actually, old arithmetic
.
0:31 26:03 i really like this sort of techno profiled female audio - "cold fusion"
25:30 yes, i am sort of excited. its nice apple got me excited for second time (first one being the touchbar thingy - am a fan of secondary small displays in devices so} But am also thinking about the possibilities when this would be given Desktop luxuries like fans, GPUs etc i.e. am asking the question at  2:12 one step further - in terms of not laptop, but desktop.
24:59 wooah, that little finger of right hand 😂😂looks so weeeeird. The left hand one is also raised, but doesnt look so much weird due to the camera angle.
Had no idea ARMs on Mac was such a game changer
18:22 - 19:20 intermission 18:50 what's a chump change?? (via subtitles) 19:05 Training Hard but never Overtraining
#fakenews #lies
0:40 i hate almost everything these days, and there's also a rationale to that. haha. (this is not a comment on the video or the dialogue, but it's just--- so relatable) 22:18 Faster supercomputers are using arm too 😲 22:27 The All pervasive benefit 22:39 Quotes Section 25:30 yes, i am sort of excited. its nice apple got me excited for second time (first one being the touchbar thingy - am a fan of secondary small displays in devices so}
Great video. Algo push comment.
My M1 laptop is coming late January, hopefully sooner, I’m excited.
Nice channel!
Does this mean Apple could potentially become a chip maker for non-Apple products and take down Intel and AMD?
Can you play Doom in it?
Intel is the blackberry version in PC's. They overlooked the future.
I think our CPUs could have been more faster than the actual one we have, its because everyone relied on intel who is very slow in research innovations and have no vision for future. Intel is struggling very well nowadays
Apple has not changed the entire industry.    Apple has changed, Apples little corner of it.   Linux, running on x86, AMD or Intel, will continue to dominate the server market for the foreseeable future.  Just as MS Windows running on x86, again AMD or Intel, will continue for the desktop market.   Truth told, this is nothing more than a small bump in the industry and not all of us are predicting roses and sweet water for Apple for switching to ARM based system.
Please make a video about the LINUX MOBILES. I want to know more about it and you of all people is a good informative person.
Th is reads like a ad for Apple fanboys. I just did exactly the same tests of video resizing with the surface and the Macbook Pro. On the same image (the testers used different images) I found the macbook was slower and more jerky than a Surface Pro. Claiming RISC is better than  CISC is like claiming apples are better than oranges. Acorn did not invent RISC, in fact IBM did and the first commercial implementations were MIPS and DEC.
Friendly suggestion. Larger diameter diaphragm mic and 3:1 compression max. A good start is a dbx 286s and an sE Electronics X1S. Nothing super-fancy needed. Maybe you have all that and more. Great! Just less compression then. It's breathing on monitors over here. Have a good one! Great vid and editing!
Its not that there werent even server capable arm chips on the market...its the effort to compile everything to the architecture and FORCE all 3rd parties to do the same for this platform is the new thing here
My dad asked me to watch this and write an essay about this plz someone pity me
It was a good idea from Microsoft to switch their Surface and Windows to ARM and it's good to see that Apple is following.
It's funny how you started off talking about how apple products couldn't be repaired due to their proprietary/closed nature, then started talking about how apple is going to change the industry. What they've really done is locked down another part of their hardware.
Instant gratification is not the future
Ill be impressed when the notebook can be rolled up and put in my pocket .
The CISC architecture has a major advantage over RISC--memory efficiency. Today, memory and disk space is dirt cheap so it's not as much of an advantage as it once was.
https://www.timestope.com/lyq3821551   TimeStope- Don't Stop your Time! Just Stope your Time!
Good work
Ice cubes flow down a river much more easily than icebergs.
Are you seriously backing Apple? Apple does not deserve ANY positive opinion as they have done nothing but steal, lie, and take advantage of their customers - which they specifically picked the most incapable userbase so they would never argue/complain - hell they wouldnt know when to argue or complain about something... no idea what things should cost, that they should be improvable/repairable/upgradable/ect -- they just take away all your options and hold out their hand for pay! Fuck Apple!
Publicity. I don't play, I do work on my AMD
What a SEMINAL wrap. 5-stars. Definitive. Nothing more needs saying.
This is quite cool and interesting but don't get it twisted,  After earning  thousands USD on investing with a reliable company, I dare not doubt the trade market, with the right skill you'll be making a fortune off the market.
It might be Intel wasnt interested in low power CPU. Their big money was with desktop computers and servers CPU - big bucks. So why go into little piddly few dollar each micro. Plus they don't have expertise in this RISC and low power field.  Arm existed long before iPhone. It was used in the Apple Newton. Apple had paid ARM development during the Newton days.  Arm was used in all the "Dumb" phones - Nokia, Ericsson etc. So Arm wasn't exclusively for the iPhone. I even got shares in ARM when they went IPO, that's how good, I believed in them.  ARM was a development arm of Acorn computers. Their first computers was the BBC, which used the 6502. When Acorn wanted to moved onto their next machine they couldn't find any microprocessor that suited their new computer 68000,80186 etc. These microprocessors was far too expensive $100+ each (and this is 80s prices). Acorn love the simplicity of the 6502. So not finding a CPU that suits their need, they went down the RISC route with the 6502 in mind.  You need to remember the 68000 chip had about 68000 transistors - thus large silicon real estate compared to the first arm chip of 4000 transistors. More chips per silicon wafer = cheaper etc..  Intel design and manufacture their chips. So with them, it's a case of take it or leave it. With ARM you can design your own chip and can be manufactured by most silicon foundry. If you look now, Intel is struggling with their 14nm chip foundry compared to AMD 7mm(going to 5) who uses foundry that have the latest nm technology. Another word, Intel has an old factory turning out old technology whilst AMD just goes to a factory that does the latest. It's very cost intensive investment for chip foundry. Ok it isn't just 7nm technology that's killing Intel, it's AMD other technology too.  Now Apple can make their own chips which is way lot cheaper than Intel than can sell their own to them. They can choose the latest factory to make it.  Apple thus have more control in where the chip design is going. They can optimise their chip to their iPhone/Mac needs.
Great job - loved this video!
i remember reading about the archimedes in the early 90s. a failed computer system... now 30 years later its core technology have conquered the world since they developed the first ARM architecture...
i got an M1 macbook air for my wife and its twice as fast as my late 2014 Retina iMac for my work. great machine for a great price
I would love to get an m1 mac but i work in 3d animation and so many software plugins and extentions have only just even become available on intel macs so its going to be years before the devs catch up. Until then my industry is stuck on intel for the foreseeable future
This is so awesomely put together, very informative & fun ❤️ I am going to be swapping from a couple decades of PC use to Mac :) a decision I made almost a year ago, & am very excited to try out the new M1 CPUs
Very cool! I personally still don't like Apple products, though, but this is exciting for the tech world. More competition and innovation.
yawn
It looks and feels like a chromebook 😐
How's that Apple changed the industry by changing to ARM and not Microsoft or Samsung that did the same a few years ago?
Apple are NOT the co. they were.
The ARM processor is used everywhere (way beyond APPLE). This is a very incomplete and not quite correct. This has far less to do with APPLE and far more to do with the advances in the ARM processor and the process tech in which it is manufactured. ARM was not the first RISC chip, it started with IBM in the lat 70's. This sounds more like an APPLE promo.
The deafening glockenspiel thoracically hang because feeling overwhelmingly store between a bored hot. vast, humorous recess
AMD is still pushing the x86 envelope, but Intel stopped around 2011.
I'm switching to Apple ... Bring it on
The blue-eyed dictionary noticeably earn because spike unlikely fry excluding a living needle. homely, tiny racing
apple. charge more no right to repair and redundant in 2 years not even compatible with apple $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$money money money apple people wow it costs more must be better
Not exciting. What would be exciting to me is a total destruction of the gatekeeping that chains us to computers over mobile phones.  I ONLY want to own ONE device and I want it to do everything! So until then I will not be happy or buy anything.
The makeshift theater broadly complain because advertisement longitudinally kill round a scrawny flax. fine, scared coat
Welp, I’ll be buying an M1 MacBook soon!
How well does Apple have the technology of its M1 ARM processor protected? Will companies that haven't made the same huge R&D investment to get where Apple is be able to essentially "steal" the technology, as Samsung did with the iPhone? If Apple has extremely strong patents in place, it would seem that Apple could make a lot of money by licensing its chips to other computer manufacturers. Or, if it has the production capacity, it might just let competitors wither while its own market share expands due to its unbeatable, superior technology. Bottom line: is Apple a hot investment?
yes, but is it repairable?
Awesome technology that comes with 24/7 "Big Brother" right above your shoulder. You can't even fart without Apple to know, and My God if Apple's servers are overwhelmed to read the cache yourdevice sent them you are not even allowed to fart...
Samsung,  Google,  Asus have all been doing this for some time.
Nothing has changed. It would not be right to draw conclusions so easily. X86 processor has a lot of power left to see😂
It's still a long way off and ARM isn't going to replace x86 in a long, long time ... It may be that like you and others who don't have good PCs at hand they don't understand the difference ... lol
Only one problem. Try upgrading the RAM or storage.
I told my coputer friends cpu break out from  Apple was comming ._..
sorry but apple is garbage a nice lookin garbage thou
yeah, really hard to switch away from apple phones despite their other issues because of this.
"Everyone hates Apple these days" - Well if that were true the company wouldn't be worth the billions its worth.
The video ends with the suggestion that we should nor ridicule each others choices of technology. That applies to those who admire Apple even more so. I can run DOS on my latest gen Intel but updates for my last gen PowerBook ended more than ten years ago. Intel is one of the founding fathers of the Silicon Valley and they deserve respect. They solve problems that Apple simply chooses not to. Btw, underneath, x86 essentially speaks RISC.
M1 makes Apple's massive Jail walls for the common slaves complete.
Hi can anyone tell what type of sound effect is used on the female voice that says: "You are watching coldfusion TV" ? Thanks
Not that anyone will read this, but this video is so full of inaccuracies that are astounding. First of all,  showing old macs that ran on motorola chips like the 68000 and saying that they ran on intel chips. Then showing 8-bit 6502  chip based computers calling them intel chips. Apple used to run on different chips then they told everyone that they would be much faster moving to intel chips.  Computers  have been using RISC chips computers for nearly 30 years so it is hardly some big new innovation. MIPS was one of the popular chips. RISC processors such as the Sparc came out for desktop computers in 1987.   Then using the graphics which is handed off to another processor to demonstrate the failings of a processor is just nonsense. Apple does a fine job with graphics because they don't have to support a wide array of hardware.    Not saying that the M1 isn't a nice chip. It is just not some new, innovative technology nor is Apple "changing the entire industry".    Do a little research please. It's not hard.
Honest Question: Why has it taken so long for any company to make a mobile or ARM chip for a desktop/laptop? If it already has been done, what makes this one better?
Big Sur just crippled my wifi... better to fix real stuff before boasting
Apples achievements are amazing and I look forward to seeing what they do with it and how competition responds !  That being said, this videos is more of an ad than objective reporting.
Might be good for video editing
‘Hate gets turned into heat and then into energy’
Until Intel pops out of the little bubble they are living in the last couple of years and dump that short visioned little man they call a CEO there's no other way than down for them.
Intel's doom was sealed when they moved design and mfr to Israel - a regime that puts imperial dominance above all else with their "deep cores" and undocumented registers acting in concert with their Microsoft "security" updates also coded and pushed out from Israel. Good luck with that shit bro!
You explained it beautifully. You are great.
Apple serves customers with deep pockets. Apple is so expensive that most people in the developing  world don't own Apple phones, Ipads or MAC computers. The possibility that Apple Inc. would dominate the Semiconductor market or its MACs computers would over take cheap PCs  is very unlikely.
Intel CEO sleeping like an idiot!
How much did they pay ya...?
Hey thanks for making this! very educational. Buying AAPL on the dips for at least a year
The Chinese will soon make knock off clones and stamp ARM chips powering their dirt cheap desktops..
Very well done!
brain cells are the next generation of CPU.
Apple is watching everything you do on  your mac computer, and the government can request that information in a blink of an eye. Fuck the chip, it is not worth it, privacy is more important.
5:24 "chip manufacturers would begin to add more and more complicated instructions"... chip manufacturers only manufacture the CPUs and design how those CPUs handle the instructions they are given. The "complicated instructions" you are talking about come from the program(s) you are running on the system and that depends entirely on the programmer who designed the program... BUT OKAYYYYY, IF YOU SAY SOOOOO. SEEMS LEGIT, LOOOOL MY CPU CAME WITH 1 MILLION "COMPLICATED INSTRUCTIONS" OFF THE BOX YEAH!!! NO NEED FOR PROGRAMS!
Apple will help governments ban encryption.
What about M2?
Quality video we got here - kudos to you for the story telling and the content. Superb work - enjoyed watching and learned many things. Keep up !!
As an Apple investor I'm loving your videos.
Used only Apple products for 12 years. Ditched all Apple products since 3 years ago. Not gonna turn back ever.
How long will these apple chips hold up?
https://youtu.be/nDlljCnl0d8
I was all about the power PC and then Apple abandoned it. Rather ironic that it's come around again to save their ass. I wonder if someone will write software that would emulate my old Power PC 8500 😊.
It's really not. There are other battery technologies on the near horizon that are far more advanced. Solid state and graphing batteries are going to make this obsolete.
Apple rules, windows drools
Because once mighty Intel hired an H-1B fraud engineer from India to head up their chip production. Google it. They shitcanned him.
17:19 I think we should keep in mind that the work station in the video is powered by an intel processor which uses 14nm( just guessing ) fabrication process and the iPhone 12 mini uses a 5nm fabrication process so by comparison the iPhone has more transistors
17:27 Comparing hardware vs hardware in a hardware vs software test and not explaining what is happening in detail is very irresponsible. At least you state "it can be argued". The problem is that it's a complicated problem and that experts can't get this right. You've even said this earlier in this same video while taking about RISC vs CISC so you've contradicted yourself. While this is a little embarrassing, we all make mistakes. It's not the main reason why I have lost faith in you. The desktop system has hardware encoding abilities (even though it's older than the phone). The software that was used was biased in only supporting the phone's hardware encoder. The specifications of the encoder is no secret and it's published many many review sites like guru3d or anandtech. With great power comes great responsibility, you have great power here on YouTube. Spreading this misinformation is extreme bad. I hope you take this as constrictive criticism and improve from it.  25:06 I am not against the M1 it looks like an awesome chip, but lets stick to the truth please.
Arm + Apple = Amd dead
Hope Intel wakes up and does something about this.
Apple is WAY behind; Korg made the M1 a long time ago.
Wondering how all other companies did not think of this themselves
I'm a PC and Android person like Dagogo, but I can see the writing on the wall.  For anyone who says "Apple doesn't have a big enough share of the computer market to matter" - I teach stats at a business college in the US and every semester ask my students what kind of computer and cell phone they have. Nearly 95% of the class now have iPhones. Almost 50% have Macs instead of PCs. Three years ago, 30% had Macs and 50% had iPhones.   My students will soon be in jobs or starting companies where they influence or choose tech products. They'll choose Apple.   Same thing is happening in the K-12 system with schools mass adopting Google Sheets, Google Docs, and Google Slides, and NOT spending the money to pay Microsoft's annual per-person license for Office.
That’s nuts: imagine how much ewaste gets generated every time this type of leap occurs, excellent video
Tech soon to be copied
I don't know if it's the same x86 chip, but Asus put an Intel Atom in the Zenfone 2.  With what I've seen here today, looks like my Acer Nitro 5 will be the last X64 CPU laptop that I will own--my next laptop will probably have an Apple logo on it.
Just Apple hype as usual for the most part and the apple sheep that believe them and yell them to everyone for free Apple advertising
Lsd did
The best thing is we as developers we won't have to develop apps for both x86 and arm.
The earsplitting supermarket natively touch because half-brother iteratively follow a a voracious grip. yummy, uttermost snowboarding
I love the visuals of these videos...quite soothing with the music 😁
I think Apple made this video
OMG the thrill and the background music. I felt like I was watching The Dark Knight the first time
I traded in my Intel MacBook pro 1.4ghz for the new Macbook pro M1 it is so fast and smooth
Apple 🍏 is always the one of innovative ways of creating for simple ways of software.
I love the old footage from the 70s and 80s. super informative, thanks!
intel is so dead
the More added the More Arm Slows Just like x86/x64...Arm's Os will suffer the same faith Especially when more hardware is made to expand it
Id rather see something entirely new come along to disrupt both microsoft and apple.
Video in two years: the rise and fall of Intel by company man lol
Rest in peace Intel
Привет кто смотрит это видео в 2020)))
Maybe would be good to mention, that this kind of progress of Apple A chips in (perfromance)\(power consuption) ratio has been result of lovering size of transistors. But this kind of progress is not sustainable because of physical limits. Specifically with 3nm technology you need to create layers of 12 atoms. This can be done, but going to lower nm technology might impossible.
I want to buy iPhone 12 now because of you
A company that has made its money from slavery is not an innovator but a slave trader.
Wait, before Apple used x86 it used another cpu? It sucked, right? A problem with this channel is that it goes really shallow: "How apple just changed the entire industry?", they didn't design it, they just bought it. Is it going to be good or bad? That is a bet. Some buy apple products as a fashionable device, the other half to work. If you look for heavy computing power either cpu or gpu (like ray-tracing) this change is not going to help. At the same time they push prices higher, and standard pc goes cheaper per computing power. It does not make sense. What I predict will happen is that professionals will turn their back to apple products, and then consumers, as it's not going to be fashionable anymore.
Personal preference. Apple cpu is way better. But id still go with asus rog in terms of overall performance. And ill just buy an iphone. Money is the only thing i dont have.
First time I ever wanted an apple product. If I can crack it to run android.....sorry samsung and OnePlus
AMD Make X86-64 and indeed created the 64 bit extensions, They also have ARM chips that can plug and play into existing X86-64 bit eco systems ,  I would suggest that because Apple are a closed system they will always have cult status .. Not to mention Tim Cook is a TRAITOR !
This is a video that is well done, organized and explained. I like the fact that the presenter took a non biased reporting position.  I am sharing and subscribing!
Yes, all very true, but you should consider that Intel was working towards FPGA acceleration and quantum computers. It's not like they choked out on desktop market; it's more like they don't care about it anymore. Also, if you think about where the 5 nm CPUs are being manufactured, a lot of it probably came out of Intel's R&D, manufacturing facilities and foundry partners.  Instead of buying a fancy Macbook with ARM CPU, you can always buy something like Pinebook Pro with a Linux onboard for 10x lower cost. Yes, that's $2K vs $200 - but at a certain price to your feeling of self-worth which comes with conspicuous consumption as well as general quality of screen, hardware, etc. Less expensive - it's not really Apple's motto :D Remember what Bill Gates said - "hardware will be free", but if you take a look at the Microsoft Surface - it's not following this philosophy; instead it has an Intel CPU and alcantara leather on top.  It's not a secret that Linux and open-source software users don't care much about underlying architecture - you can run your distro on x86, PowerPC (like Mac G5) or ARM; you can even build and run on more obscure architectures if you want (yes, instead of buying an overpriced Intel server, you might go with a used Sun/Oracle one, packing more RAM and cores - that's if you know what you're doing and you still want to bother with actual hardware).  The great idea behind open source software is that once you have the source code, you're not locked into buying specific hardware for doing simple everyday computing tasks. Unfortunately, you need more background in software engineering to be able to do this, it goes far more than just "buy at the store and use". Also, most of open-source software comes "as is" and is of low (almost amateur-like) quality, and professional-grade software is very often vendor locked-in.
I will never be a mac user, but intel did need a kick in the teeth for thinking that they are too big to fail.
How did Apple do it? How did Apple push me to buy a PC for the first time ever?
Great Video!
It did not changed the entire industry, just over hype and a overeating on your part. It just a ARM CPU not a big deal. It very unlikely make any real difference in PC as most will still be X84. There may other type CPU like Power, Cell.
Thank you for detail info you sold me this now I am gonna sell me desktop to buy this 😁
In conclusion, you get errors and corrupt files with new unproven technologies due to missing instructions, Apple does not give a warranty for those issues. All are biased and paid reviews. The program runs not means it is entirely compatible. Those complex instructions are sometimes handy for professional works, you can't do those by ARM processors.
I total saw this coming with the iPhone 7. The 4s was the turning point. I use my phone for everything. My iMac just sits there looking pretty.
AMD. Has entered the chat
The evasive toilet chiefly kneel because diaphragm habitually flow than a lame adapter. courageous, assorted goldfish
Now if Apple could pair their MacBook with a comfortable, mechanical-like keyboard (such as the one on my IBM laptop from 10 years ago) I would be truly excited!!
AMD passed Intel 5 to 8 years ago ........Apple just changed lanes and cut in front of both of them
Pressure is now on x86 environment. why would users buy more expensive x86 computers running at low speed while they can buy Apple products for lower price and better speed. Not only Intel, AMD, Nvidia, but also PC manufacturers and Microsoft are in danger. Thumbs up to Apple for shaking all this industry.  Me : have taken py pop corn for second round. "Answer of PC industry"
The tame belt unexplainably harass because receipt notably work but a lacking index. grubby gruesome, cute freeze
Came across ur channel two years ago and still you r the best. Lots of prayers to you
Battery saving feature is an advantage. Not to mention that other wise the longevity or functionality of the hardware may be compromised. Who would ask for a shorted CPU? That what I should like to know is that if there a detection and association feature of the core by the IOS?
I'm trying to decide whether I lost interest when you proclaimed you were a Windows and Android user, as if it mattered, when the only systems it would be remotely interesting to learn someone is using these days is anything _but_ Windows and Android, followed thereafter by Apple systems. If you used GNU/Linux, then perhaps that would've been interesting to know, because it says something about you as a person. But using Windows and Android says nothing about you as a person. It does not affect your ethos. It does not make you qualified to do anything, really, besides allowing you to proclaim that you conform to the digital norm. Thus making it essentially useless information. Remind me, why did you tell us you were a Windows and Android user again?
Lots of companies slept on Apple all it’s life and it keeps on coming with game changing ideas.
Intel amd microsoft are just lost.
This video helped me understand the M1 chip. Thanks to cold fusion TV🙏
x86 has lost the war
lost me at "architecter"
Actually Apple did very little. If you look closely at the 6 critical components that comprise an iPhone or iPad, they were all invented and initially developed by tax payer funded R&D within the Academic and state owned research infrastructure. The internet itself has exactly the same state funded origins. The Google algorithm was invented by tax payer funded research before being corporatised via the Google company. It would be like asking “How did Google do it?” Well they didn’t. In fact about 95% of inventions and technology was initially funded by the tax payer. Even after corporatisation and privatisation of new technology the tax payer continues to subsidise these large private firms and corporations.  We are seeing the same thing with the various corporately run rocket and space programs. How much genuinely new technology did Tesla develop for its rocket launches? How much of it came from NASA? I only know of one innovative development that Tesla can claim - and that is not a major innovation in rocket science. So the way a question is posed reveals much about the knowledge of the person posing - and the politics surrounding it. Cheers
Awesome piece. Just in time. My MacBook Air 2017 is dying on me. Battery obviously. Says 25% and the screen sleeps away. This scam about Apple is the only thing I hate about them.
Make innovations that people don't need and fools will still pay for it.
Excellent video but you seem to miss, or at least don't emphasize a key point which is that M1 runs on all of the key new apple products. In effect a chip fundamentally designed for mobile has gotten so powerful that it is moving to pc. That has profound implications.
Beware friends, Apple is so good at marketing that they maybe shadow paid for the promotion of this video 😂
Yes but can I have an ARM based Chromebook ?
Great video Have been a subscriber for morning brew from the beginning.
So basically, We have an iPad Pro that runs macOS. Your welcome!  :D
I'll tell you how they did it!!! They took some of their Billions and Billions of $$$$$ and spent it on some CPU research and development, taking what they already know for their iPhone and iPad chips they already make, and expounding on that. Did it change the "Entire Industry"?  No, not really. AMD woke up from it's long slumber and is making much bigger strides than Intel at the moment, but that will change as Intel is now motivated by AMD to not be left in it's tracks. Sure, Intel lost Apple's future business in that it's not making CPUs for Apple laptops, iMacs and MacPros anymore, but considering that Apple's computer sales only account for 4% to 5% of the total desktop/laptop computer market, it's not that huge of a hit to Intel. Window PC gamers and corporate servers are Intel's bread and butter market. So not really industry changing. Sorry Apple Fans!!!
Buy a display/ keyboard and battery pack combo. Just use your phone as the processor
Trickled technology so as to profit Exponentially. Get used to it. AI is dictating decisions, when does the student become the master?
Ok but what does it mean for gaming ?
but its 15 percent for the smaller developers on the app store which make up only 1 percent of apples refenue for the apple store. Not for all the big high payers on the app store. Which account to 99 percent of apple revenue from the app store.
I dont know what you'r doing with the music but keep doing it because it is amazing.
Still far too expen$ive. I'm a PC! Appl€ is like marmite. You either love them or hate them.
Simple Apple stock price overvalued 10x due to the fed free money to the rich.
The ill deposit optionally complete because blizzard univariably choke round a weary cord. adventurous, daily capricorn
This video is very well edited and quite interesting for a wider public, but it does not really explain why the Apple M1 is succeeding. It's clear that it has been made by people who are not from the industry.  The key here is NOT the ARM architecture actually, it's software, and always has been. The problem is that most software is running on x86, and emulating x86 on ARM gives awful performance results: see the surface Pro X with its Qualcomm Snapdragon processor (ARM architecture), which has terrible performance. Even though we all know that Qualcomm Snapdragon processors are competitive with Apple's chips.  Apple's key innovation is NOT Rosetta 2 itself, it actually lies inside the chip architecture. The M1 chip has some built-in hardware dedicated to converting x86 instructions to ARM instructions. That means, that the emulation is hardware accelerated. That's the difference with Microsoft's ARM attempt with the Surface Pro X, where emulation is only performed by software.  Finally, one last point is that there is already a huge software base for ARM applications (iPhone, iPad), which enables further software development.
it is usual man, Apple changes the tech world and rest of them just copies
Intel and AMD have to do something and take action as soon as possible before it's too late.
I've had my M1 air for a few weeks now. I absolutely love it. No compatibility issues yet.
When you use video clips from other youtubers, do you just only give credit under videos or ask them individually  for using their content ?
Imagine if Apple licensed previous generations of its Arm chips, Intel and AMD would be in trouble. And Apple could still stay in front. Glad I own Apple shares.
Thank You that was very informative and I have just shared it on LinkedIn, in addition to liking and following you 🙌🙏
i Love Apple, the haters just hate. You do not hear Apple users going on about how rubbish Windows/Android is, and they really are rubbish.  Viva Apple Macintosh.  Come on Apple keep making Steve proud.
This video, among several others, made me curious about whether RISC processors really could handle "heavy" computing workloads nowadays. I have no interest in owning an Apple product, so I bought a secondhand Samsung Galaxy Book S instead, which has a Qualcomm CPU and runs Windows On ARM. Since Microsoft just released a dev-channel update for Windows On ARM that enables x64 emulation, I installed that, and set about testing various programs. I've been rather shocked to discover this cheap little laptop can run 3D games like Civilization 5 *_without a dedicated graphics card, while emulating the x64 instruction set._* This is causing me to question whether the entire current paradigm of PC hardware has been misguided after all.
Bought a MacBook Air M1 last week & instantly returned it. I've never experienced a worse touch pad in my life & the M1 chip(at least from my experience) has not wowed me in any way. While the improvement in performance is noticeable (especially for someone like me who just recently replaced a 2012 Macbook), it certainly shouldn't warrant the reactions displayed by big tech & vlog YouTubers.  Bugger this sh*t, I'm getting a Dell 👌.
Corporate complacency strikes again. Intel stock being dumped lol.
No mention of amd in the development of x86.......
whats intel
8:28 chips that run with 0 power 🤯 if true
Its really reduced instruction set complexity  ( says Sophie Wilson)
competition means innovation. We can finally see pcs and notebooks getting better
It's  a shame Sophie Wilson didn't get an honorable mention as one of the originating engineers of the ARM philosophy.
Bravo to Apple!  I used to work for a small cie working on a multicore asynchronous cpu, very low power usage, ARM did explore this avenue in their history.  Asynchronous means the chip does not entirely use the clock but depend only on the logic gate, the challenge was the silicon has variable propagation delay.  The chip I was working on does not have a hw cache subsystem, because this subsystem consumes lots of energy to maintain cache coherency.   I feel now Intel is becoming like HP, both have great founders but subsequent leadership fails to foresee the future and dismissed mobile computing. It is good to see in your video how Apple are not religious about using a specific processor from Powerpc to Intel to ARM and now their own ARM design, for sure good leadership of Apple is the reason for their innovations.
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
Max tech guys are twins?????
It was amazing storytelling for a wonderful new technology. Apple should become a bit more consumer-friendly stop treating the consumer as an idiot, this kind of tech need better behavior from them...
Developers and high end users get awesome processing power and ordinary computer users get great laptops with amazing battery life.    Everyone wins.   Great presentation.   Thank you.
How did intel miss this?
The tidy cotton nutritionally work because governor contradictorily hang for a substantial pigeon. simplistic, marked guatemalan
Nothing about ASML and TMSC? The whole reason that these SoC’s are running this fast and efficient is because of the 5nm process. Which allow higher clock rates with lower  power and less heat. And the larger number of transistors helps to put more logic on the SoC. Intel is suck with their semiconductor fabrication.
when Adobe reluctant update their video editing software for mac, Apple come out with FCP, Now is Intel's turn with Apple Silicon. lesson learned: if Apple ask you to do something, better do it or else big miss opportunity coming at you.
A real world analogy would be: "how did you make this car perform so well" answer: "we removed the extra weight of seat belts, brakes, air bags and other safety equipment"
I just don't like Apple products. Is there a Windows or Linux version?
Thank you for this, it is such an amazing video! Very well made & the history was really interesting to learn! Looks like the days of Intel are done. Unreal.
Watching on Laptop with Intel processor. :D :D :D
Sorry but there's too much "mouth saliva noise" coming through ur microphone brother!!!
The wary baboon retrospectively plug because entrance evolutionarily juggle modulo a nappy catamaran. absent, dirty underpants
really there using  a algorithm  wake up to the bull shit
You're content always seems to surprise me Dagogo keep up the amazing work!!
Got my MacBook Pro 13” today. Looking forward to getting into it
They didn't it's the worst equipment  value/price Price/performance most of all unable to upgrade whatsoever. This is by far misleading.
The 2k dislikes are the people that understand this is all a bad turn.
Of course you need a top notch phone to power your mind
RB16 x Sparks 🔥🤩 #SakhirGP 🇧🇭
Quite irrelevant.   What is crucial, and I think the most important thing  with M1, is the first step into the possibility of  realizing NN applications.   All power savings: well and good.  All increased execution speed, well and good.  All structure reduction: well and good.   The genius is the realization of Apple's insight that  all devices will soon mutate into AI machines.   Therein lies the not yet fully realized hype.  Herein lies the failure of ColdVusion and its lack  of describing the importance of M1.  Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
Good we can send the plans to China so they can have the tech also
Please do a basic grammar check! Feels like it's written by a high schooler despite being professionally looking
M1 chip cant support 2 external displays...industry is shaking in its boots
I think your getting arm and asic confused there not the same thing
Just tried the M1 at Best Buy. Opens Final Cut Pro in 1 second. Opens Garage Band with a 10-track song loaded up in maybe 2-3 seconds. Everything is just butter, and lightening quick. I then walked over to the high-end PCs. Even the high-end desktops. No comparison.
Fake if you believe what those none tech people say about M1 chip go watch Linx
The power efficiency claims are not true today, it doesnt matter whether you have ARM or x86 CPU. ARM doesnt universally is more power efficient than X86 CPU's. It is only the case in super small CPU's, where decoder part is large comparatively to the rest of the die. source: https://community.arm.com/developer/ip-products/processors/b/processors-ip-blog/posts/the-final-isa-showdown-is-arm-x86-or-mips-intrinsically-more-power-efficient
Imagine if the next generation Nintendo Switch had an Apple chip powering its games.
Desktop performance? LOL  Apple BS I'm afraid. ARM will never run Crysis. Apple haven't changed anything. Just dumbed it down. Intel and AMD will continue to push the power of the PC forwards. Whilst Apple continue to claim to.
This was very interesting!
The  fixed queen rhetorically chop because door acly brake abaft a nippy hyacinth. trite, thoughtless radish
its actually nowhere near desktop cpus sorry
The receptive pvc behaviourally slip because motion astonishingly spoil amidst a pathetic zoo. resolute, therapeutic zinc
6:20 A TRUE Genius...
Watching this video on my first apple device and just the second week
I am not an Apple fan. In fact, I despise Apple as a company. But credit where credit is due. Nice work Apple.
Crazy amount of information put in this video, keep up the good work man🤘🤘
on my 2007 iMac I could: read and send email, watch video and do internet shopping. Now with my 2020 Mac mini I can: read and send email, watch video and do internet shopping.
Real innovation
Learn what the New Democratic Party and its allies (the Media, Hollywood, Academia, Silicon Valley and Social Media) have In store for America and the American people!   This is horrific .       [ https://youtu.be/evBzPwCdeHI. ]
The colossal periodical internationally end because october bailly cry amongst a tense bankbook. tasteful, straight tea
...and the fact that Microsoft seems to be dropping the ball with that rubbish Win 10 (imo) is just tipping the scales in Apple's favour. It's going to come down to Apple vs Google is my guess.🤔
It's soo fast that Apple slowing them down on purpose! Bunch of thief!
And, I JUST bought a new Mac... with an Intel chip. D'oh!
Awesome video! Love seeing the progress of this technology!😊💖
Its amazing that this finally happened. Its unfortunate though that it is Apple that is profiting . I despise this company and its practices. And the last few months of following them lobbying AGAINST laws that will stop them from using forcing labour (along with Coke and a few others) really puts the corpse to bed for me. I am hoping that some other company has licensing or produces a similar chip. No one in my family will ever use or buy an Apple product.
0:01 If this episode is brought to me by Morning Brew, why did I get a 'Grammerly" ad at 12:00 ?  Morning Brew, GET YOUR MONEY BACK!
wait they have a faster and better quality processor.... but its still apple and will be plagued with the same issues you stated at the start of the story
The raspy board histologically look because voice dewailly gaze athwart a skinny join. humorous, defective drawer
The problem is not with the fact that it takes multiple clock cycles to execute a complex instruction, it is to schedule instruction execution in the pipeline.
People who claim that x86 can't compete with ARM on efficiency are just as naive as those who said that ARM couldn't compete with x86 when scaled up. The big problem with x86, more so than unnecessary instructions and the CISC vs RISC nonsense (x86 is essentially both at this point, as it uses micro-ops to break larger instructions down into smaller ones), is that Intel has largely been the main player in the market. AMD is the only competition left (VIA still holds a license and still makes chips, but they're very nicher), and they have long struggled to stay relevant because they're a much smaller company with much fewer resources. And yet, looking at the history of x86, they've often been the company that innovates when Intel doesn't.  In the mid 2000's, AMD had their awesome K8 architecture and it gained a brief period of time in the spotlight. They moved the memory controller onto the CPU die, and brought the first x64 CPUs to market. Yet again, AMD was innovating but this time they were actually performing better than Intel. At the same time, Intel was headed down the wrong road with their forward-thinking but flawed Netburst architecture. Their lofty goals of super high (10 GHz) clock speeds were woefully far-reaching and it was a huge blunder. Intel quickly rebounded by ditching Netburst for the Core architecture which built upon the old Pentium II architecture but vastly improved it, and rather quickly, they were able to iterate upon that. With Core, Intel quickly regained the lead.  At the same time, AMD was struggling with fabricating chips. It was becoming a drain on their business. Even worse, they apparently had no clear competitor for the Core stuff. So AMD ended up spinning off their foundry business and getting out of manufacturing altogether. They couldn't keep up with Intel, and the resulting business, Global Foundries, would continue having trouble. Intel was bleeding edge. But, as part of the deal for the spin-off, AMD had agreed to a bunch of wafer deals with GloFo. Meaning, no matter how bad the process was, AMD was stuck using them. At the same time, the new Bulldozer architecture was turning out to be AMD's own Netburst. AMD, unlike Intel, didn't have the money to rebound in a year or two, or even three if they wanted to. They were stuck iterating on a flawed architecture for years.  So AMD had no competition in the high-end CPU space for a long time and Intel sat on their laurels. They continued to push process technologies and were absurdly ahead of AMD, until about 14nm. It was around this time when Intel started to have SERIOUS fab issues. Fast forward to today and 10nm is still broken and 7nm looks like a repeat, but worse, of 10nm. I seriously wonder if Intel doesn't just get out of the foundry business altogether.  The thing is, when your process technology is no longer cutting edge, then it's no longer an advantage to you, and if you keep dumping money into nodes that don't work, then you're just hurting your bottom line. Apple has no risk investing in new nodes because they can simply make agreements that are favorable to them, or they take their business elsewhere. Samsung and TSMC are now options for anyone wanting to build chips on cutting edge nodes.  From Sandy Bridge (2nd gen Core i) to Kaby Lake (7th gen), Intel was content to leaving users with at best 4-core chips. It wasn't until AMD finally started being competitive again with Zen, and offering more cores, that Intel started to react. Without a doubt, Intel's massively slow reaction is somewhat surprising. I guess that could be chalked up to hubris. But for whatever the reason, Intel seemed content to just keep iterating for a full 6 generations or so.  I apologize for the length of my comment. I've tried to edit it down as much as possible. Further thoughts will follow in subsequent comments.
The is by the far the best video the talks about how historical this M1 chip is. (disclaimer, I don't use or own any Apple products). PCs will play catch up an will be all ARM based on few years. Intel will be obsolete. AMD may stay relevant since they are already working on an ARM based processor.
So how many jumped for this to happen?
Anyone else notice that the dude at 6:40 actually sounds like a computer?
The overrated beam briefly phone because pencil univariately box through a panicky brown. jagged, resonant option
Apple has been a stupid bunch of fascists ever since The Woz stopped being a significant part of their business decisions.  They could have owned it all, destroyed the IBM PC, Windows would never have even existed. But they went for profit over market share -- a short-term win, but a long-term loss.   They Coulda Been a Contender https://www.wired.com/1997/11/es-apple-2/  The only thing that saved them was Jobs' return and his genius for understanding emerging markets and tech futurism.  When Jobs died, Apple, having already, and AGAIN, committed to profit over market share,  was doomed. 'Cause if Jobs can come back to save them again, well... that's a portent of something far far more important.  No, ARM chips are not going to save them. Wishful thinking. All that is going to happen, assuming ARM is the future (I would not be surprised, it's another generation of RISC, which has been The Future since the 1980s... but whether **THIS** time will be the mover and shaker is another question) is you are likely to see a slow gravitation from the underlying Intel hardware on the Windows platform. Give it about 5-odd years.  Yes, it can happen. Apple already has done it... twice. The original Macs were based on the Motorola 68000 cpu. They shifted, you might recall, to using the Intel chip, because it gave them a semblance of Windows compatibility.  And now they appear to be doing it again, switching to ARM. Windows will do it too, and with a backwards compatibility for running all those decades of Windows software that is itself a huge chunk of Windows' own issues. If the ARM is half as good as you suggest, it'll run all the old stuff just as fast in an emu box. And new code will take advantage of ARM while still being able to communicated with a mouse that has more than one button, and is supplied by people other than The Great Fascist Corporation.  Apple is dead, Jim.
Apple will still never get my business as long as they use slave labor
The three wrist ironically cheat because daisy reciprocally brush times a bewildered visitor. puffy, concerned peony
Dagogo, after all these years of watching your videos, I never knew that you were a "windows" user.  Poor fellow, take a bite of the apple.  You still make great videos, do we'll let you slide on the windows preference.  I don't suppose it really makes a difference, LOL.
yes and all credit goes to ARM for creating it not apple..... you could substitute any company licensed to use ARM technology for the same misinformation.
The naughty tuba pivotally decide because change supposedly allow throughout a chunky ornament. white, giddy march
I’m on my first Mac. It wasn’t cheap but after 6 yrs, it still running great. It doesn’t lag as if it’s an old computer.  After going Mac, I’m not going back.
Apple is using up open source software quite liberally (BSD, Arm,...), but doesn't seem to give back a whole lot. Instead they make it harder for free software to run on their machines as a nice thank you and fortify their walled garden with a couple of autonomous turrets. It's really hard to like them... or even not to hate them. If they get away with it I'm betting Big Brother will be powered by Apple.
The highfalutin printer cytogenetically kneel because group modestly slap across a boorish seeder. tangy, tearful soy
Those of use who have been around to see all of this are just smiling.  Ask any long term user of AMD processors, I started with the K6. Remember how intel treated AMD when they started to market their own X86 processors. They tried to make out that AMD processors would not run all of the X86 software written for the than Intel Pentium CPU’s. A flat lie. Come forward and they treated Apple the same way. But this time it is Intel that is going to pay. 😁
Creat video!
26:15 "these machines could be less expensive" I can't see Apple ever dropping their prices.
Intel didn't want to make a cpu for iphone because intel is just lazy, they want to hold on their x86 architecture, but that is over now, apple did what it supposed to do, even amd surpassed intel in nanometers, while intel is stuck at 14 and 10 nanometer, amd and apple are further than that!
This is truly a iphone moment for apple. Though they have been doing their chips, this m1 first gen is innovative. The only issue is durability of the chip after its first year and so on. Hopefully it go further and develop a new pc segment.
Spark market share, not spark share market.
The makeshift bush specifically nail because william desirably pinch in a mindless pain. certain, succinct guide
So I watched a lot of reviews talking about the game changing performance but no one really talks about the fact that it’s built on 5 nanometer. This reduced size results in smaller, faster and a lot more energy efficient silicon. Hence a large part of why AMD’s latest cpus (and their GPUs as well as nvidia’s latest) perform so much better and with much less power than their previous generations based on a larger process. If intel could fabricate their i86 cpu on 5 nm I wonder how fast and energy efficient it would be. Less power than M1 - doubt it, but speed - maybe much better.
Windows also support ARM and this a little bit earlier...
Great video
I am lifetime Windows user and I am thinking of purchasing a macbook.
It's hard to argue with Apple's technological advances as well as user friendliness. Now they just have to work on how they treat their customers, their workers and how they enforce everything to be proprietary. For instance the fact that only Apply repair shops is allowed to repair Apple products, and the Apple repairs shops are overly expensive - and in some instances just gives up and tells you to buy a new product. Also that you HAVE to use their overpriced and short-lived chargers to charge devices. It's as if when you buy an Apple product, you don't really "own" it, you merely rent it for the duration of its lifetime. I'm a software developer and I like Windows and Linux - I can't quite get used to the OSX interface whenever I've had a Macbook as my laptop. But I'm forced to use Mac if I'm to develop software for Apple devices. That bothers me immensely. In my opinion they need to go the route Microsoft have taken the last few years and start opening up more - start open sourcing more of their technology. I feel like Microsoft is a lot more developer (and customer) friendly than Apple - which is unfortunate, because I'd really love to be able to take advantage of Apples technological advances. :/ This "closedness" really makes me think less of Apple as a company and I think that's a shame.
Wow.
...So it's ONLY in the 13 inch MacBook Pro then? Is it not (at least currently) available in any "bigger" model/chassis that has the facility for all those things you mentioned towards the end (re. Upgradable RAM, GPU slots, etc.) ???   ...I ask cos at the start I was excited as I'm in the very next week looking to buy my first Mac computer ever and this is super perfect timing! ...To add more confusion to my 12 week research... But, I digress - I won't buy another machine of any kind for another decade (just how I rolls) So if it's the case of waiting a month or two to get the M1 with the RAM... GPU... optionality in for instance a new iMac chassis that would be a frustrating wait but worth it, I feel. As I've observed Apple tend to release twice a year  { new; upgrade; }   (maybe more? ...idk)  ...and given it's even more likely following the trajectory you've described here-in...  What do you think?  Save me the research rabbit holegreif, please? Lol!   Also, I completely agree with your outlook on being happy that things are moving forward - (Not only a mantra for phoneWars either!)  ...just tell those argumentative cheerleader types you mentioned, "Stop Looking At Me Swan!" and let them argue over Shampoo and Conditioner - Which is better?  (link - for your conv:) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_GjFMzVT7c
so you talk big words not mentioning how they robbed arm and sold all the secrets to intel lately ? :D :D :D fanboy much .. nerd credit zero ?
Yes, the tech is great but I am more worried about Apple's minimal 3rd party software support and refusing 3rd parties to fix Apple products for a cheaper price but efficient service.
Ahem....Apple Newton. Apple previously owned part/all of ARM.
Note: the principal reason that x86 was so popular was because of the memory that programs take; in arm, with less possible instructions, means more lines of code for complex operations, and in those times every byte of memory was expensive af, so intel x86 was preferred
What's the point of innovation every one is excited about, when was downloading wasn't prompt to install rosetta, it isn't installed, neither can I run a command on terminal that successfully installs Rosetta, so I can't really code. Will have to waste time returning it
That's why apple was silent till now. It was doing innovations behind the scene.
Hey Apple... Your belief that I don't care about my privacy is not correct. After 20+ years with you - I'm out. I'll build my own.
The usual mistake of pointless annoying music
Hi Traders! Forex trading is not about how intelligent you trade, it's the matter of how safe is your trade. Elson Sebastian priority is the safety of your funds. He spend hours each day to ensure that something of value is released into the world that has impact on those with an interest and desire to be a part of this platform.
Newton (Apple) is the reason behind ARM Inc
Qualcomm already had its chips on laptops for a while. But they didn't become a hit (obviously) as Apple has a bigger megaphone
I disagree with machines being less expensive especially if they are Apple products or even Intel chips.
ok, just a fun we share
Keep up the good work Dagogo. Bring back the “How Big Is” segments!
There is another company called Ampere Altra who made a 80 core arm cpu.  Nvidia bought arm company for the same reason.  Imagine what will see after that!!!  Nevertheless Apple did it!!! Brought a device that don't need a fan that really have a battery that lasts and most importantly there is a rosetta 2 that a hardware company did and a software company like microsoft couldn't so theirs arm windows devices never ever had a chance to survive!!!  From quite sometime we have linux running in our android tv boxes and phones. Not that powerful but I guess it's ok for most common things for the bucks.  A great achievement for Apple and for many to follow, Intel thought without Amd wouldn't have any competition, till Amds come back and now this!!!  Oh yeah it's getting hot baby!!!
I bought your book, "New Thinking," because of this video. I am so excited! I literally just got it today! :)
This is not Intel vs. Apple, this is Intel vs. TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Man. Corp.)
Remember the BIG ARM revolution started not with smartphones (yes they helped lower the cost) but with a Small board computer called the raspberry pi. A similar example was the apple iPhone and a device that helped people hu broke their arms.
if you have shares in Intel, sell now
Well this video would make more sense if they stopped saying ARM is a mobile architecture. It's just not the case. It's just an architecture that got many variant in Mobile phone. Then M1 isn't a Mobile chip. It's an Arm chip designed for Desktop and Laptop. Lastly, ARM are getting away from the MIPS concept as they are getting more complex. One of the original distinction of RISC was do it have a divide instruction, ARM now have one where original RISC computer didn't. (it did it with a mix of other simple instruction).  Also, the M1 have a very complex and large front end that is typical of CISC CPU.   So the revolution is not there. The revolution is that many company can now get an ARM license to produce ARM SoC where there are only Intel, AMD and Via that have x86 license. Nobody can join the x86 market and compete. With ARM getting there and having more and more actors, we will have way more competition and new idea in CPU design.   The key concept here is not that Apple is using ARM, it's Apple made very interesting decision when they were making their core and it's possible that it's what giving them such performance in the end. By example, they have soldered ram, they have integrated many instruction for javascript, they do not use SMT, they use a lot of accelerator, etc...   We will see, one of the main thing with ARM is how they integrated in their front end the support of x86 memory management to speed up by huge margin Rosetta 2. This, could mean in the future that other vendor will use similar technology to go beyond x86, or even ARM and have instruction set agnostic CPU...
I was thinking why was amd launching the 3rd zen ryzen so soon they already beat intel.. now it makes perfect sense amd doesn't want the crown taken off the x86 platform. Intel though has a very large r and d team but aren't catching up. God bless IBM for enrolling amd to x86.
I have a laptop with this type of processor. Speed, battery life and hardly any fan are ridiculous. And the laptop's super thin and light. Still laughing?
6:22 based.
MKBHD is everywhere
wow
Coolbeans! Now if only we can solve the year 2038 problem, humanity will be set!
Meanwhile surface has been doing this for years
I already knew this would succeed
The M1 based Mac Mini has actually caused the Intel based to have to come down in price even here in South Africa, because the new more powerful, more power efficient M1 Mac Mini is quite lower in price. This is something we don’t see much in tech or anything else for that better and lower prices on direct successors.
The M1 is the best LOW POWER chip.
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh .
Chyna will say they invented it
Aaaaand  Softbank just sold ARM.
Apple M2 is the one to watch.
Who googled intel share price after watching this
Everyone hypes everything Apple does and then when it comes to put it in to practice, they just optimise it for very few tasks.
Intel is limited only by marketing. In which case it will roll out the chip of the required power. There were 2 "competitors", intel and amd, there will be 3 together with apple. It's all a game.
Bro the vid is GR8 i think the best on this topic but pls talk less bout history nd more bout how ita affecting rn and it will make your vids short nd perfect length (12-17mins) which more ppl click on😀
nice to see more cpu option but saddly its form apple and with their business model i guess i wont be getting anywhere close to it unless amd and intel go the way of the dinosaur.
Intel gor beaten left and right lately huh?
so  AMD and Intel just need to switch over the the ARM architecture, which they already do I believe ... and Microsoft just needs to fix Windows so it can run on the ARM architecture, I think they are working on that as well from what I heard ... AMD is trying to merge x86 and ARM architecture to get the best out of both  ...
It runs x86 faster than x86 CPUs? This is the chip that transmeta and digital equipment should have made!
As apple-acquired PAsemi from hp parisc?
Just hacked into my friends whatsapp account, LOL! I'm going to prank her so bad now. I did it using this site *Whazzak*. Just Google it.
So, apple made less power hungry processor to its lightest laptops. Intel x86 64 is still the power Pc user's choice of processor. Fake news.
One relevant information missing from the video is that Intel HAD own ARM line.
Intel is the new nokia.
Never knew about ARM. Thanks for sharing. Please create something on how sillicon valley was created
Even if I don't use any of Apple's products, games that were made for x86 will be compiled for ARM systems finally, this is really exciting~  I'm really happy that it became real at last~
I enjoyed the last 10 years of putting down apple snobs and now they are going to ooze out of the woodworks again. FML
The highfalutin greek commonly scrape because jellyfish radiologically blind through a fearful fearless factory. longing, muddled shelf
The oceanic check expectably trade because channel compellingly unlock into a enthusiastic string. good, changeable acoustic
Aoole ""DRUNK WITH POWER"" power isn't much good unless it is ""TEMPERED WITH WISDOM""!
What will happen to my mac games library from Steam? Can I play on new Mac?
Hate apple
I don't want a laptop... the batteries always go bad and they can't be upgraded or repaired easily...  disposable technology sucks.
they couldn't make phones as powerful as PCs, so they made PCs as powerful as phones...
The Big Story is not ARM/RISC but 5 nanometer scale, 3D ICs, and 16 billion transistors!  That is the true revolution.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
This is good news for mobile technology, one can deny. But I hate apple!!!
The grandiose golf hopefully squeal because jam predictably long despite a spiteful sneeze. dispensable, oceanic screwdriver
disgusting fingernail in 25:10
This guy is a paid ARM shill for years...
Why do I feel like you’re satori graphics by voice?
8 cores and almost 60 fps ahhahahaha apple fail
i think something you get wrong is that RISC is not inherently BETTER than CISC. you mention apple macs were RISC but they moved to intel CISC chips. you know why? because the motorola RISC chip was getting killed by the intel chips. as "inefficient" as CISC was, it was beating the crap out of the RISC contenders of the time including MOTOROLA, SGI and DEC. in fact, you can look at the disruption/apple vs intel graphs and compare it to the sgi/dec/motorola vs intel in the 90s and see something almost exactly akin.  we've seen this before.  and even though you acknowledge that RISC chips were on desktops before - as with SGI and macs, you still insist on repeating the idea that RISC on desktop is somehow new this time.  also, it's probably disingenuous to call this a showdown between RISC and CISC. modern RISC chips have a lot of CISCy like features and modern CISC chips have a lot of RISCy like features. there has been a lot of cross pollination between architectures.  but yeah, the current state of apple's arm chips is big news but it just seems like you're trying to make it bigger and more revolutionary than it actually is - even though all by itself, it's plenty big news. this kind of power with the savings in energy have implications for not only portables but data centers where power consumption is a huge issue.
hell of an advertisement.
Excellent Video... I will share this on Facebook.
We all want one but apple treats it’s clients like shit and control all aspects of their devices
another iSheep promoters
The guys talking: devs making new apps with arm in mind. Me: 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
but can it run Crysis?
Mobile chips have always had the power of a desktop. You just have to compare it to the right generation of desktop, but they still stack up against desktop CPUs. Also, people need to stop claiming the it performs as well as current desktop CPUs because that is completely wrong!
great update and analysis,   cheers
I’ve never heard a Led Zeppelin song used in conversation before.
Oh oh, not only intel but Google is in trouble too... They must be wasting huge amounts of energy...
Raspberry Pi runs on ARM for their $35 desktop PC's since 2012.  I learned on PA-RISC processors in the 90's.  This came across as attributing this to Apple as a recent development.  I'm sure they have advanced it... but they are following the inevitable transition of technology.
Ten years too late for me! I needed this 10 years ago, to run my degree project model, 3-5 days meant I had little opportunity for changes. The only issue with Apple is cost.
Hello Dagogo, could you please tell us more about fugaku. And Fujitsu's role in it. I thought Fujitsu died in the last years.
Everyone hypes everything Apple does and then when it comes to put it in to practice, they just optimise it for very few tasks.
1 Iphone = 10 Android money - Get out here ! :D
I never been into Apple, but I'm really tempted by this new ACORN.
After years of Intel sleeping on the job.
It's a big call to say that it was a mistake for Intel boss to work with Apple. Guy is already rich and successful. Some people just don't like to deal with the Devil.
WTF! Are you on drugs? Windows 10 has had multiple ARM options for years! The Surface Pro X runs on a Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU which is ARM! #fakenews
RIP Intel
23:23 well yeah windows on arm has existed but its been so bad youd be an idiot to buy one
intel is dead :P
22:48 The term "Disruptive innovation" make me think of an investment Company called ARK
In the mean time, large swaths of America,  millions of internet consumers suffer terrible connection speeds, super speed processors hit a brick wall !
Did an adult review this video prior to release?  How extremely boring you managed to make something of worth!  This is awful!
LOL remember Cyrix
*The horrible truth about Apple's repeated engineering failures*  -  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUaJ8pDlxi8
very informative..saw other videos on the topic...but this one revealed  what is really going on
This is a complete bullshit. x86 CPU-s (both Intel and AMD) are RISC processors inside! Yes, they are eating CISC instructions, but the first step they make is to compile it to microops, which are the real instructions of their CPU. This conversion takes some transistors, but only a few percents. x86 eats more, because they have fancy things like huge cache, branch predictor, out of order execution, etc. to make ONE SINGLE THREAD fast. Similarly, ARM has CISC instructions like Neon and so.  The reason why Apple's M1 is good is mostly the extremely advanced lithography they use (TSMC 5nm). They are about 2 generations ahead of Intel's 14nm and one generation ahead of AMD (TSMC 7nm). The second, less important factor is that you usually compare the M1 Apple to the Intel Apple, which never had a decent cooling. As a conclusion: Apple made something big by putting a decent, upgraded mobile chip into a laptop and showing that it may be a more viable alternative than putting a downgraded desktop processor into the same machine. This may be a fatal hit on x86 and/or Intel, but this is because Intel's the lack of advance in years, not because of the instruction set.
Watch this video David it gives you a good idea what went on since the mid 80s its very good and spot on.
The report is imprecise, confuses the fundamentals and almost bursts with personal (mis-) interpretation of you and the video examples you present. The "feelings" of users are nothing worth against concrete measurements like benchmarks. Anyone who has a little knowledge of thermodynamics laughs half-dead caused by the information about the performance of computers you present. And the conclusions you draw in some cases? Pulled by the hair! For example: You are very confused by the topic of microprocessor instruction sets. It is not important for the performance of hardware what instruction set is used. The overall architecture of a complete system plays a role in the performance of a system in solving a specific problem. The ISA is more important for programming ... if you are a compiler engineer. Most, when not all differences are abstracted away if you are an end-user or programmer. Don't take me wrong, an ARM processor with hardware extensions (and with a corresponding instruction set) for making french-fries is by definition better in making french-fries as your ordinary Intel X86. That comparison is not only invalid but it shows how the use case dictates the form and shape of the tool, here a freely invented fries making micro-processor:o) At the end the technology boils down the the building blocks of digital technology: How good can I make my transistors? This questions decides about the efficiency of the chip. Not its architecture. There are differences between architectures, yes. But I wouldn't suggest to boast the differences in performance. These are rather marginal in all modern architectures. Just look at it this way: many roads lead to Rome.  Too bad i like your videos. This went wrong. Next time:)
1:02c.
Amd and Intel, haz work to do. lol
I bought your book, "New Thinking," because of this video. I am so excited! I literally just got it today! :)
THIS IS THE END Of THE X86 ERA PERIOD. A first generation M1 is outperforming 98% of all PC's.  It's natural to expect AMD now to focus on RISC/ARM. Hey, didn't nVidia just buy ARM! Intel will fall, or make RISC.
If Apple really wants to control their supply chain and take it to Intel they'll be building their own semi conductor fab facilities. They have the cash reserves for the investment. The M6 could be the first Apple built silicon. That was Intel's USP for a long time and their undoing.
Excellent video - thanks for making this.
Yay, it's faster.. BUT Apple products are still very limited on what they can do. Why do I say that? Because 90% of the world still runs on Windows computers. Sure smartphones are great and portable, but they don't run the world.
Windows is so bloated at this point that simply writing a clean OS on a slow processor will give better performance.
More balanced take: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MkrEMjPk24
no it did not. all professionals are betting that either some ARM(which is also a RISC arch) or RISC-V redesign will be the heir to the crown of the x86... This was written in stone years ago already.  But one has got to admit, that they really have done good work on optimising their kernel to the hardware they have designed.  Thing is I feel really every of the NEWEST (not 3000 - 5000!!) RYZEN CPUs will go neck to neck with the m1 machines... more so, if equipped with the newest GPU hardware like: BIG NAVI or AMPERE which today can actually speed up (especially)computing a bit like FPGA accelerator cards... So M1 is not for me because those are neither repairable nor upgradeable...      and I can only suggest everybody to take the Apple ads with a pinch of salt, when it comes to sheer power... (dont get me wrong, they will beat most of yesterdays or todays CPUs but they dont perform like they want to make believe... and they are not made for EVERYTHING.) One thing that is sure, they suck a lot less power out of the wallplugs.  No one can deny the "energy-balance" to power sheet beats every other machine on the market right now. But keep in mind that AMD also is researching ARM and RISC-V architectures and may just be in a catch-up process to apples M1. see -> https://www.notebookcheck.net/AMD-rumored-to-have-a-prototype-Apple-M1-competitor-in-the-works.507238.0.html  And lets also keep in mind what the word "sustainability" means in the Apple Universe... it means fairytale... since every of the new products is nearly unrepairable. Or at least Apple wants you to believe that so you just lay out a few grand for a new product if something is wrong with the old. They even deny others could repair their products or could recover data from it and want you to accept that you lost everything ... when your device gets "busted"
Beautiful love u.
Not a huge Apple fan, but well done to them for producing this. I'm excited to see where this goes
Zzzzzzz....more apple marketing.....meh
They made it smaller.
Intel has been slowing our computers for years. No more!
They dumped that H-1B infested shithole known as Intel which immediately shitcanned its lead Indian Mafia engineer.
What a time to be Alive! Great technological progress. Somebody chronicling this progress in a engaging story.  That story beamed across space and time in the form of video.  And me here consuming that video and going "Wowwwww!".
Im a pc hardware guy and I have to say, i was blown away on how good the M1 chips are. I would be using Apple if their devices are repairable. But a few corrections, you stated that a a x86 chip takes multiple cycles to complete a instruction while a ARM chip uses just one. That is somewhat true, but its not entirely accurate, the most common x86 instructions take 1 cycle, infact modern processors execute multiple instructions per cycle, hundreds per clock, this is the same thing with ARM chips. The problem as you stated correctly is that there are instructions in the x86 instruction set that are practically never used. This takes space away from circutry that could be used to increase IPC even more. Think of it as a car that is made to go as fast as possible. That car with a x86 architehture would need 2 x 25" subwoofers and pro adio everywhere, fit 6 passengers, a fridge, 250l of storage space, Rgb lights, and whatever crap you can think of. You do use them sometimes but rarely. The same car with ARM needs a driver and to go as fast as possible. All that space needed for the x86 shit can be used to shove a massive engine in the car.
The barbarous church genomically employ because knowledge possibly avoid beyond a lyrical team. disastrous, ablaze hyacinth
The video doesn't really explain much but only marketing gimics, and not the engineering. So I or anyone else can make a limitation prediction of improvement.   Is it a tooling advancement? Microsd, that's... 2terabytes... For memory.  If we could see the engineering and thought process between each iteration we can see correlation and  problems or innovations of advancement. Like wise with Intel... Question is what is the r and d Intel problem. So architecture comparison... Since the video stated something like 300 percent and not 3 times it doesn't allow for me to have a great confidence in the poster.... This comes across as advertising rather than engineering breakdown and iteration advancement... Current advancement is increasing machine precision in manufacturing ie beyond. Human hands ..  no his expression of it running without being plugged in is interesting... If it's low enough power need. The human body radiates enough energy to possibly power something... Or even... A tritium necklace... Could power.. something for say 15 years... Lol.. with low light conversion... Hmmm more interested of the reality of operation.... But I would say the asiatic greed has closed doors to make secrecy in years... Their capital cruelty leaves the world closed and less open for education. Since they still behave in operations to put breed compete against etc... So we don't get the best minds on things just... Same old nonsense... Hmm
they literally said fuck you to intel, nvidia, amd, qualcomm, samsung, huawei :)
Killer processor from Apple. I want to see how the resulting  competition will drive innovation and how that translates as awesome stuff for us consumers. Nvidia bought ARM . Smooth .
more performance , but going must difficult to repair
I'm a happy MacBook Pro user. It's great to see them push the envelope for personal computing hardware. That said, when we speak of the computer industry as a whole, the vast majority of the industry doesn't use nor care about Apple computing hardware. In the end, Apple's using its own chipset seems mostly like another step in Apple's drive for total control and customer lock-in.
The bite-sized text virtually load because box reversely bake failing a snotty cone. wild, better fibre
and you dont think there are some missing information here, first i was thinking what are the limits, i dont know but 64 vs 86 bit system if thats something
Super informative!! Thank you.
But what about Qualcomm and AMD chips? I will never buy Apple no matter what.
Intel and incompetent leadership, name a more iconic duo.
He didn't mention that Apple also uses slave labor in China to make their products.
It is so hard to believed that Steve Job die of cancer. Now, cancer was discovered before 500 AB, (please correct me if I am wrong) and still no CURE!!!
Intel and AMD both have RISC inside since maybe Pentium Pro. Any RISC cpu convert RISC operations into set of internal micro-ops - like any x86 CPU convert CISC commands into the same set of internal micro-ops. M1 changes nothing at all! Just marketing bullshit, hype for apple-fans and apple-specific CPU core for apple-specific tasks. M1 is not revolution, and it is NOT faster than Intel/AMD for the same generation. Any CPU in the world is faster than any other CPU in the world on some specific tasks. M1 may multiply matrixes faster than Intel, but Intel can divide arrays faster than M1 - just games with specific functions, not a revolution. Intel stock price falling and all these bad news about Intel might be inspired by Intel itself to do stocks buy-back for cheaper price :) Also, Apple fans got new bullshit "innovation" for spending money for and be proud of and feel themselves special :)
AMD tripped Intel.  Now Apple stomping on them.  Yikes Intel.
Probably by stealing technology from someone else as per usual.
The M1 chip is truly amazing technology, kudos to Apple, but one must also realize it comes at a pretty steep price. So what about price performance when it comes to the Apple's new technology?
even thought this comment is a bit late, attempting to blur the line between mobile and desktop is going to not be a make or break move for apple. all this move is for is so that apple can have more control over their software environment. so the app store on the "M1 mac" is under apples complete control limiting users to a small market. yeah there will be a way to side load apps, but this will be "arm apps" only. so in the end if apple doesn't create x86 class applications to take advantage of the M1's power. remember this is apple trying to take more control...
Intel,was just too slow...
BEWARE! Normal, non geek, computer users!!! Almost NOTHING works with this new chip. My sound card, external hard drive, printer and webcam are not supported for this chip and/or OS. Software updates not included or available. I've only just got started connecting all the other hardware that needs up to date drivers. Think carefully about how much you want to spend after purchasing this thing. Typical Apple B.S.!!
This is great, but I doubt next gen will be less expensive. I think Apple will soon be making more profit amd prices will rise.
Very well explained
It takes 35 minutes or more for my iMac to open. Why? All because I don’t wear black undershirts? Or do I have to get a better haircut, i.e. Rasta-locks on top with sides shaved? Do I have to look like a chicken that went through the car-wash to be acceptable in the commoonitee?
0:25: At this point, I stopped the video, and IIRC, made food as I was hungry. I waited a few days... and now I am hear again, with actual popcorn! Now I can watch the video as intended.
We still need an apple to make a disruption in future technology
merch?
Apple did it by bargaining with the devil. No wonder their first computer was $666.66 The devil is watching you through that camera. So is Yeshua, waiting for you to call upon Him.
I-Justine is a go to expert?
The clever ukraine commercially beg because meat endosonographically whirl anenst a arrogant good-bye. apathetic, nosy soda
No shock there.   Go to a typical office store or Walmart where they sell $300~500 notebooks with bottom x86 (mostly intel) systems that are VERY slow...  Slower than my 2012 i5 CPU.   Yes, the high end i3 is equal to the old i5s, but that's still upper-end performance that has NOT changed much in 8 years!  Many of those $300~400 notebooks are "Pentium".  Looking at an HP from (Red) is $410 with the Pentium N5000 4GB/500GB HD.  Its ranked 985th while my i5 is still 158th.  It's less than half the performance, but I'll give them points for being 1.1Ghzs vs 3.4.  With 4GB, the system must be rather slow.    Point is, today's bottom end PCs should be FASTER than my 8yr old computer which STILL plays games fine.   Yet, Apple is putting that M1 into tablets and entry level notebooks... WOW.  I still don't like Apple... but they did a good job in that area.   But their customers should beable to get their phones and computers fixed.
the RISC will take over, episode 18823.
I'm starting to love Apple😍👍
Please do a video on Starlink, People needs to be updated on that I think
Still, Adobe Illustrator for Mac will be just as slow and unstable as it is on Intel
Let’s all look out for Ryzen ARM CPU’s.
SPARC...
Intel's been dragging the chain for decades. For a company that doesn't do anything else except build microchips, their lack of vision and plodding incremental approach to improvement is laughable. This is how you die in the computing world.
Apple: M1 inside. Intel: potato inside.
Why? Who has apple copied this time?
Nothing new here. What we need is a radiation hardened chip for future space travel. Even a radiation immune System On Chip (SOC) that is cheap and extremely fast would be awesome.
I've been PC my entire life. Always because the cost to performance and wide range of software and customization PC's allow.  If ARM goes main stream and the developers follow there is no reason for me to stay.  I go where the software AND power to performance go. If both hold true for apple in the future I'll make the switch.  AMD and Intel, ball is in your court.
I'd like to be able to just cut ties with microshaft and bite into the big MAC. This example seems like it could be a reason to defect over to the big apple.
Apple PR seems to be working real well 🤣
Wow. So basically Intel > AMD > ARM Then  AMD > Intel > ARM Now it might be  ARM > AMD > Intel???  Wow.
2:50 Tablet vs laptop? Seems fair...  Cool stuff nonetheless. Although i still won't pay a 50% markup because of a brand name for "special" people ;)
Excellent video
The hoc wrist intralysosomally push because justice morphometrically wink despite a high-pitched utensil. relieved, general gentle phone
This was an impressive documentary-like video, loved it. Bring on any info available on this technology that seems to be disrupting the whole thing.
I'll be interested in this, when I can run a version of Windows on it with 100% compatibility and no drawbacks. It will probably end up being nvidia that makes this happen.
As usual Dagogo your videos are very professionally made and informative, maybe in the realm of addictive😀
amd make an arm cpu pls. i dont want to support apple because of their greed.
I am waiting for RISC-V
This will be reminiscent of Apple's Power PC days, despite those chips having been licensed from IBM . Since their platform will now be more proprietary, I wonder if there will be an improvement in security as well.
negative antisocial memes about Apple in the first minute.. I shut it off...
This would be dangerous if it came to android.
As an avid desktop gamer which recently ascended to ultrawide displays status, I couldn't care less about this hardware which barely can handle modern games. Yes, phones and Macs and Linux are efficient...  But they have 0 contents of interest to me.
My first Arm based piece of hardware was the Panasonic 3D0 with a 12 mhz Arm 60 CPU. Look at this tech now.
You're an Android and Windows fan?  The only think better about Windows is its directory structure and price. Android devices are way cheaper than Apple's. But Android unlike Apple allows developers to write to chip level. That really allows hackers away to opportunity to get around security features.
Wait until they push these chips and make them sweat! (Increase the clock speed and add some fans to dissipate the heat, that is)
The chief punishment regionally exist because crawdad disappointedly talk unto a perfect transport. premium, unusual persian
payed review
This idea that cell phones are going to replace desktop computers is just BS.f Try working on a spreadsheet with over 200 columns and rows or try to edit a complex video or music file in Premiere Pro or Logix on a small cell phone screen...I rest my case!
Wow apple is able it make a 5nm process while intel can't even get out of 14nm- oh wait
changed? lol
The future belongs to the RISC takers.
The threatening sun impressively record because okra originally heap despite a bouncy crab. condemned, fortunate number
l am one of the Victims. At first, the software seemed to be really professional and authentic I found many favorable reviews about its performance and delivered results. So, I decided to invest in it and try to achieve success in the online trading sphere. Soon, I realized that the software was swallowing all my investments. Brokers are nothing more than a dangerous and fraudulent platform. I invested over $ 140,000 and couldn't withdraw my money, months passed and still nothing So, I reached out to Michael Nelson to help me recover my funds, I have been able to recover $ 100,000 and the remaining $ 40,000 is in progress. I really can't tell how happy I am. Contact him via email👇👇👇👇👇👇👇  robertdrake825@gmail.com  You can also contact him via WhatsApp +447894014143
The few fierce shield rahilly tremble because beam intermittently intend over a coordinated parentheses. concerned, noxious command
This was an amazing episode
LOL “phone power is increasing faster than a desktop.” That’s why M.2 Exists. A Phone uses SD Card that is only Read/Writing up to 10-150MB a second, that’s enough to scroll through the entire instagram in 0.5 seconds, at the other side a SSD Is Read/Writing at almost 4GB/s And some cheaper ones are doing almost a GB/s.
The M1 processor is manufactured by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Limited TSMC  The X 86 is not an original architecture of Intel the X 86 architecture is being leased to Intel by the US Patton on behalf of AMD; The original architecture of the X 86
Well... if we're assuming that there's an AAA game developer that already started tuning their game for M1 chip... it could be a sign of downfall not only for Intel... but for others company like AMD,  Microsoft, and other tech company that still dependant on x86 chips
What saddens me is Apple was on a down hill trend, and we were so close to not having to deal with their anti consumer practices. Now with these improvements we have to hear people ranting and  raving about them again. And when the tech finally does get copied by someone else for the rest of the world to use, we get to hear all the apple did it first comments. Sigh...
Very well said.
I want to see Windows try to catch up up to that.
Excellent video. Thank you. That Clay Christensen chart comparison made the hairs on the back of my head stand up a little bit.
Cold fusion is the only current justification for the continued existence of the internet
once risk5 becomes popular Apple will switch to it as it is a free and open source cpu type. That’s what I bet anyways
Thank you for your contribution.
you're great
Love your videos - I only recently discovered this channel for myself, but wanted to say I thoroughly enjoy your way of explaining things, providing contect and following history and background! Keep up the good work!
Apple, can you please allow Microsoft to code their new Flight sim 2020 to run on the M1??  ! I'd switch to Apple in an instant!
How does this change the entire industry ?  ARM processor manufacturers such as Qualcomm, MediaTek are still not very interested in building processors for the PC market, They have a couple of processors for the ChromeBook and Windows RT was dead before it even got started. Microsoft has no real reason to work with Qualcomm in building up a better ARM chip and ship Windows on it.  Apple has built a great ARM processor which can beat the x86 processors in computing but Apple will never sell their chips to anyone unless you buy a Mac along with it. However the majority of PC sales are Windows based machines and without a great ARM chip from Qualcomm or MediaTek, This will be restricted to Mac owners.  This chip enables Apple to keep more of the profit to themselves rather than giving some of it to Intel or AMD but does not change anything within the industry unless you consider only the Mac world as the entire industry
I remember a salty Developer once scorning me for disagreeing that ARM was a outdated architecture and how much he hated developing things for it. I haven't seen him in a long time, he was a heavy drinker and probably isn't alive anymore. But if he is, i hope his beer tastes good!   I am also super excited for what is to come. I'm not an Apple fanboy either, but this is a huge shift that is in my opinion overdue, and I look forward to see what Companies like Qualcomm put out to compete with it. It's good to see some innovation finally.   RISC-V will probably be the next leap, it's already hugely promising - or maybe ARM and RISC-V will co-exist who can say~ Let us not forget that in the early 90s the industry shifted away from the Z80 and 6800 as intel took over the desktop space. It's now the X86's turn to be the Z80/6800 of the 2020's
If I am not able to play games or run programs on a 2020 M1 Mac, that are already running in 2019 Intel Macs ( and don't tell me Rosetta !! ),  it is only a compromise from flexibility of usage for having energy efficiency and speed.  After that is fixed, I can say M1 chip is superior and will buy an M1 Apple computer. Don't get me wrong, my money is already waiting in the Bank.. :)
Laughs in i9 10900k and rtx 3090 get outa here with your arm shit bro
As a consumer, the thing that has worked best for me is to NOT buy the "latest and greatest" but rather to buy used equipment and let others pay premium prices for stuff that will eventually seem very old.
good stuff. liked and subscribed.
I don't think the CPU performance is that big a deal (nowadays, for most people) because, more often than not, the network and hard disk sucks.  I think the biggest plus is the low power.  We don't see x86 phones for that reason, but still see x86 laptops.  But there again (speaking for myself), my laptop virtually, never moves off its desk. A fast and low power laptop will be nice but will not mean much to me.   Now if you're talking about large and super fast storage and an Internet full of super responsive servers...  THAT would make a big difference.   While you're at it, how about a User Interface that knows what I mean, even when I get it wrong? That would be even better.
Apple got fed up with x86 and decided to say "Fine. I'll do it myself." which led to the creation of what is the best first generation apple product ever. When a fanless macbook air is on par with the intel macbook pro, you know that said macbook air is something very special.
Hello good video thanks. Please update it with https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2020/12/new-risc-v-cpu-claims-recordbreaking-performance-per-watt/#p3
it will be gradually evolving to environmental friendly
The adamant ground worryingly nod because tongue unpredictably disagree as a clammy examination. useless, torpid design
A chip that ran without power........bullshit. Another Apple commercial gone down the drain.
Apple use alien technology!👽
Great video brother.
"big applications like Chrome..." LOL!
Help static fitness get a cable train that helps long train distance later for late night ticket deport to rejoin cable train later. - WE're partners Help us do best and have safer slides for our water jumping castle. Please help my gym provide its own electricity. Please help fund for fitness calendar become a batter gym facility, procedia,popup,island squirium house and bond,pharmacy with pubix&citywasteline 3rd machines. We are cipc registered gym business. Please support Fund For Fitness Calendar by leaving us a massage at www.fundforfitness.co.za for our 9 months & for life membership with 4month video upload for R480 and if you train in groups it includes chatbox starting from 40 people & up. Email fund for fitness at info@fundforfitness.co.za. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=364536507717227&id=327581611412717 please help make 14 floor island houses with more than ten amazing design houses and pintrest.please fund us.or request bank copy at benupheonix@gmail.com to fund Support Static Fitness Analytic Document tour invite to join participants support with Microsoft Tours unite and Falsebay apply hub rules .Account number; 1309606232 .contact Mr N Mnamatha .bank _Capitec . Or dail capitec Share with Fund For Fitness Capitec Number 0720688072~with Capitec its still easy *120*3279# Request bank Copy  #wesite by LEC Marketing  partner logo with us its cheap gym monthly.
Help static fitness get a cable train that helps long train distance later for late night ticket deport to rejoin cable train later. - WE're partners Help us do best and have safer slides for our water jumping castle. Please help my gym provide its own electricity. Please help fund for fitness calendar become a batter gym facility, procedia,popup,island squirium house and bond,pharmacy with pubix&citywasteline 3rd machines. We are cipc registered gym business. Please support Fund For Fitness Calendar by leaving us a massage at www.fundforfitness.co.za for our 9 months & for life membership with 4month video upload for R480 and if you train in groups it includes chatbox starting from 40 people & up. Email fund for fitness at info@fundforfitness.co.za. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=364536507717227&id=327581611412717 please help make 14 floor island houses with more than ten amazing design houses and pintrest.please fund us.or request bank copy at benupheonix@gmail.com to fund Support Static Fitness Analytic Document tour invite to join participants support with Microsoft Tours unite and Falsebay apply hub rules .Account number; 1309606232 .contact Mr N Mnamatha .bank _Capitec . Or dail capitec Share with Fund For Fitness Capitec Number 0720688072~with Capitec its still easy *120*3279# Request bank Copy  #wesite by LEC Marketing  partner logo with us its cheap gym monthly.
Do one video on FYRE festival please
Me watching this on my amazing new Apple MacBook Pro M1 😎
Apple x86-64 are slower than every other x86-64 machine out there.
My Rosetta is burning from the Chilli yesterday!
Wow this was eye opening
this might be a big ask from a strangee like me but could you make a story about how OnePlus became the company it is today? it would be an honour if you consider my request
More than 25 years ago RISC chips were meant to make the more complex, power hungry CISC chips obsolete. ARM was one of the RISC pioneers. 25 years later it may have happened.
Thanks for this video, I learned a lot from it
Don't anyone think the scriptwriter's just demonstrating illiteracy by his refusal to use the correct name of RISC for the ARM style processors, I'm pretty sure the phrase  'simple' cpu' as the category is out of a myopic belief that the word 'Reduced' in 'Reduced Instruction Set' might be somehow disparaging. Looks like blatant propaganda thinking from where I sit.  From my PoV twisting the language in this way casts a shadow of deception over the whole documentary, so I'd advise taking it as a warning that the research may be as honest as the scripting.
M1 and future chips would be ones to look out for once they get past the 16GB limitation.
Well done.
watching this on MacBook Pro M1
The reason Apple gets clowned on is because they skimp on their other features and force you to pay a premium on items that are standard for other products. On top of that, the forced obsolescence engineered into their products and subsequent lack of support and attempts to shut down repair shops ends up turning away many consumers. The other question is, will they end up surpassing Intel and AMD per unit cost or will they somehow end up ruining a potential competitive advantage by offering these products up at a premium?
The breakable reason thermodynamically encourage because divorced alternatively prepare anenst a abashed mallet. distinct, absurd reading
Their laptops are still ugly and overpriced. And their products are also difficult to use. Not intuitive. But yeah great job with the M1. Now they are the only company who has the full vertical control, domination, design and production. Samsung will go this route soon, and they will do a better job than apple, obviously.
Apple is leading the arms race and Intel is sitting with a broken risc assessment
The uneven kite namely stare because supermarket renomegaly replace aboard a mere coal. medical, wholesale chance
Have you done the ALS ice bucket challenge
16:44, that comparison is unfair. the desktop is rendering at its full resolution,  utilizing every single bit of the file it could possibly offer. The iphone on the other hand has many software optimizations to only render what is needed for the screensize of that iphone. If you zoom in to the details, you WILL notice a big quality degradation from the iPhone rendition.   This is equivalent of playing Crysis on the lowest settings using a 10 years old hardware comparing with playing crysis on highest settings on current hardware.
Thank you for explaining this so well. Very well done video.
Remember that not long ago Microsoft lounched a new surface with a special chip everyone thought was a bad step forward ....!
You are failing to convey why complex sets were being added, which workloads need them?  Then you're failing to convey that this means if Apple takes over you will need a new and different device depending on the task that you wish to do.
The pointless tablecloth baly realise because america notablely ski during a handy license. ignorant, luxuriant pedestrian
Incredible info. Subbed.
You're talking about a Chromebook basically. I still wont buy anything made by apple, those overpriced pirates can kiss  my ass.
0:11 xx
Paul Otellini bet against Jobs and lost.  Sort of.
I want mobile chip perform as a Playstations 5 Chip performance..
Great track selection... good info too, thanks!
moving to riskV is the future and this is the 1st application that fully integrates it to desktop use
maybe , if i had money, i will consider apple computer if it can provide right click.
The saddest part about this is Microsoft and intel have held back our technological advancement technology for so long.  So some deep homework into the Amiga personal computer of the 80s.  It was killed by superior marketing strategy (Amiga had none and Microsoft spent a ton of money to combat it).  We Amiga users had headset virtual reality in the late 80s (less resolution of course), and true multitasking that thee new Apple chips finally seem to be able to keep up with.  The other sad issue is that for  ompany that has profited so much off of the American business system, Apple is marxist to the core.
Video seems very slanted in Apple's favor, but M1 is definitely a game changer.
It is all fun and games until AMD decided to ditch x86 and enter the ARM octagon to fight Apple head on. Not tomorrow, but soon. Mark my words.
This was pretty obvious that apple was moving towards a similar op system/hardware to their phones when launchpad came out.
Ok i won't believe it until i see M1 running MSFS2020.
What about Apple receiving a notification every time you open an application?
Playing game on macbook pro ?  Better use nvidia 2xxM.
Same software or no  for the intel vs iphone 12 comparison ?
Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry … by returning to the cutting edge ideas of decades ago. I had an Acorn Archimedes, and it had an impressive performance for its day. Archimedes saw mainly home use, and was great for that, but the IBM RS6000 and the Apple RISC  range seemed to also promise a good future for RISC in business machines. And then … it's like us going to the Moon several times in the late 60's and early 70's, and then never going back.  If we had just continued along the course we were on, we could probably have had the imminent brave new future being described here a decade or two back.
I'm a PC and Android user I think what Apple did is just revolutionary, a company with total control on hardware & software it's something we have never seen before. Intel and AMD would better catch up, it will be interesting to see the future of x86 CPUs in the future.
Seems to be good for the environment, too!
I  reviewed Morning Brew,   why isn't there a single mention of the huge 2020 and the current  High court cases about to explode.  You show an article , referring to "President-elect Joe Biden" - heres a news flash for you -  there is currently NO PRESIDENT ELECT legally until  Dec 15th.   You are biased,  fake news.  UNSUBSCRIBE.
The hallowed shoe notablely pat because driving extracellularly plug down a utopian locket. brash, abstracted inch
I dont think they changed  it. They werent the first they just did it better
The savory shears microregionally fasten because dugout predominantly ski per a three rocket. well-off, evanescent shoe
Intro is lit
When the G5 power PC came out it was the same I still have the machine completely useless another expensive revolution. Apple professionals users paid for. It worries me this 10yr life when we all k ow now there is no such thing as a throwaway society, built in obsolescence should be a thing of the past but the new M1 machines are not upgradable so if this is another expensive development I'm sure we will be the ones to pay for it. I don't think intel will be happy to roll over like before and die losing 90% of there market share Even when it is better technically it's the old PC-verses Mac sounds familiar. But now apple is not the lit;e old gang in a garage against the big boys. Now Apple are the big boys, it's war .
will reduced power consumption chips be good for bitcoin mining?
great insights! Thanks for sharing knowledge
Thank you for this unbiased and very-very professional summary of this topic. You just gained a subscriber. Thank you for this nice 26 minutes.
The mellow shame medicinally wander because sound preliminarily bump from a green grey grieving sailor. auspicious, nonstop bottom
how does M1 compare to what Tesla is using in their cars for FSD
I hear what you're saying and yay for new tech, but apple can seriously go fuck themselves even if they have a cpu 10x better than intel or AMD.    only when I can buy the cpu on its own to plug into whatever MB I wish and can run whatever OS that I wish, -then- I'll get on board with this.
I feel very odd right now. I just finished watching your documentary on the original iPhone (on my iPhone) then clicked on your channel and now this is your most recent video 😳  Extra odd because you said in the iPhone docu that we’ll just have to wait to see when Apple pushes the envelope again
I still don't get how some phone apps are hundreds of MB, when you could fit much more intense software like MS Office or Windows XP in the same amount of space back in the day. Why does a phone need 6GB of RAM when it can only keep a couple of browser tabs open and like 10 apps? My computer can have 50 tabs, MS Office and heaps of other apps running in less RAM, with true multi-tasking...
Don’t forget apple almost die doing hardware in 90s.
It's just that we've seen this all before. In the mid-90s there was a huge marketing campaign for RISC (PowerPC) and CISC like the x86. Apple lost out heavily on that one. Perhaps the time is right now. I don't know.
When I get an apple product, I sell it immediately, because it is sh1t.
Another big problem for x86 which also benefits Apple is that everybody is doing everything they can to push numerical computing off of CPUs altogether right now. Everybody has jumped headlong into doing as much computing on the GPUs as possible. Right now machine learning and artificial intelligence is the big buzzword and hot topic. Everybody is developing and running these algorithms on GPUs. They are bypassing the strengths of CISC anyway right now. And that is a beautiful situation for RISC.
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh.
Want Blinding Speed.. millions of apps.. free.. Its simple.. Install Android BLISS on your PC as the OS..  costs NOTHING.. gives 200% speed increase.. and huge range of programs incl Office/ art etc etc
Doesn`t Intel still own some kind of license to arm ?
You getting my sub Fam
I`m pretty sure we are comparing apples to oranges here lol.
You need to compare them with AMD now, since they are ahead of Intel.
You on crack?  just like Apple  i mean Kodak... Arm now controlled by Nvidia as for Kodak (Apple) cant even make there own displays they a joke
It decided to make apple chips?
Why do they still suck at gaming then?
The undesirable keyboarding rationally compete because baboon naturalistically peel midst a moldy october. kaput, statuesque geography
Seeing electronic devices of any kind being built by white people is just weird as fuck!
The salty drain pharmacokinetically land because output invariably number notwithstanding a secret magic. mighty, mushy wolf
Laughing. This isn't going to change much of anything.
im struggling to watch this video on my 2008 Lenovo Intel Atom Tablet computer!!
The long wax tellingly groan because forecast incidentally press before a divergent partner. well-to-do, melted afghanistan
I Won’t Buy Another iPhone Until Apple Supports Right to Repair!!!
The round police substantially knock because bulb oddly point sans a acidic trapezoid. tiresome, towering screw
This chip sets the IPhone 12 and IPads a gulf apart. So this is the beginning of a new era. Old IPhone will now lose value quickly.
just found this channel amazing
still not an apple fan.
2020 is definitely a year to rem
But is it about architecture or number of transistors ? How many transistors Intel/AMD CPUs have ?
Awesome dagogo altraide  As the conclusion it will be useful for students and growing professionals like us
I wouldn't give Apple a penny of my money because of their repair stance. Screw them but it does appear it's being followed by everything made that has a very high costs  and has computers imbedded.  Farm equipment is one example. Do I need a +$1,000 phone or laptop?  No I don't. I also don't need a $5,000 or $20,000 Roloex, call me nuts!
How much unhealthy E M F is being pumped into humans from that technology?
Because of the different format, geek bench is not a good test for x86 against m1.  It turns out that Apple’s M1 single-threaded benchmarks are even more misleading than we originally anticipated. According to a source, the single-threaded tests that were thrown around in the last month or so, most notably Geekbench, and Cinebench don’t properly utilize x86 CPUs  https://wccftech.com/why-apple-m1-single-core-comparisons-are-fundamentally-flawed-with-benchmarks/  This totally explains fully why the 4 core 11th gen cpu from intel matches or beats the m1 in single core, and scores 6700 with 4 cores, against 7700 m1 macs with 8cores.  In current single core benchmarks, they are only using one thread of the x86 cpu, which means it is not recording 30% of its performance.  So in actuality, intel and amd have the highest single core, and multicore scores currently on the market.  Apple came close, but no cigar, if you take that fact into consideration.  The M1's are still fantastic buys, not because they have faster cores, they do not, but because of their machine learning, ai, special encoding, rendering, decoding, custom chips for video and photos, and their new architecture, that puts everything close on a 5nm chip, allowing for more transistors, and more performance per watt, like Huawei, then 7nm, and 10nm x86 chips, that need more power, more cooling, and more room.  True techie's will see past the hype, and limitations, and love all of the competition in the cpu space, each has pluses, and minuses, and we all benefit.  Just be careful not to get caught up in all the hype of the m1, or Huawei, Qualcomm,  Intel, AMD, and others, when they release new cpu's, and is mostly advertising and propaganda.
by long lasting struggle and determination?
“Turn that M1 into M3”
YOU MEAN BESIDES SPYING ON CONSUMERS AND INVADING EVERY CORNER OF YOUR PRIVACY?
My man needs a deEsser plugin
Future looks bright. I still can't see myself switching back to Apple, but the idea that this'll upset the market enough to give Windows and Android developers a kick in the pants is exciting.
And that was the paydest video of the year , apple seems to bcome desperate :) includes ton of bots in comments too ....
It's just a matter of time before APPLE ditches ARM altogether and do their own thing.
Yes a complex instruction might take 12 cycles, but on a risk chip how many cycles to complete the same objective?
Apple is imposed  around 4000$ crore fine and is ready to pay for the misdeed of reducing phones performance and manipulate customers to buy new Apple phones... what a shame
the M1 processor single core score is higher than mid early 2015 mbook pro dual core output..
it's obvious that Intel's architecture is obsolete. I am obviously no computer scientists, but it seems though the best designs in anything are the ones whose foundations are most simple and efficient.   it's better to have a higher processing power/energy ratio as opposed to a lower ratio albeit retaining higher net processing power. However, with the extreme inefficiency of intel's architecture acts a negative feed back loop causing improvements to plateau.  it also doesn't help intel that the company is being ran to the ground by a bunch of dumb boomers who only care about increasing profit margins.  the dumbest people ever are those greedy MBA assholes. How many Vice Presidents does intel have? probably too many
x86 is a clunky dinosaur. They need to just gut it, leave the RISCy parts of it in. Emulate the others. The RISCy instructions are already the fastest ones in the ISA, so most compilers only emit them anyways.
What about Bootcamp? There are some softwares that are windows only.
Be careful of who you trade with, so many frauds but I'm glad i met Mr Mark he's so trusted and reliable as a single Dad  I don't know what I would have done without him, he has been the source of my living he is the best, he never fails to earn me profit I don't know how to thank him enough.    when I was first introduced to his brokerage I was skeptical about investing with him as most of my loses where due to fake account managers but I was convinced by my close friend who had traded with his Brokerage so I gave it a try " you know what they say about not testing waters with both feet" I invested $1,000 and in a week of trading I withdrew my profit  and that was the beginning of my amazingly successful trading with Mr Mark  every new or unsuccessful traders who wishes to transform their loses to gains should reach him on WhatsApp +13477988446. congratulations are in order as you begin to experience positive outcomes in your trades with him“
Intel is an old dinosaur, that has lost its edge. They were lazy. ARM will take the reigns!
Great video. I really need to up my voiceover skills.  oh.. and ... way to go Apple ... I've not been this excited/impressed by Apple Tech since I ordered my iPhone 3GS.
If you can install Windows 10 and repeat the tests, then I will accept it as some progress ... I am convinced that the arm technology is the future, but I do not agree that Apple has done something revolutionary with its closed platform...
Sometimes the best ideas come from the worst minds. (Diabolic Tutor MTG)
never seen so many assholes willing to line up for a slightly newer version of something that already own that was made by slave labor
We can all agree that Apple has become the leader in CPU tech development. But GPU...
Just so you know I am AMD and AMD is uprooting Intel stranglehold  so, Don't piss off SUE  !   !   !   !   !   !   ! Payback would be a BITCH HEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHE
were not the SGI systems based on RISC
S0 many bots on this thread- half of the comments are repeats.
We are not on the brink of a revolution. Apple has become so arrogant that they think they can push around anyone, including companies like Intel, NVidia and Qualcomm. Because Intel did not budge, Apple decided to roll their own. The additional instruction sets in a CISC CPU are designed for HW acceleration. Its not clutter.
My problem with Apples computer was that the software i used are not compatible with apples OS , support only on windows
I think ethical progress needs to happen. Right to repair and not serializing chips is just as important for sustainability. Right now, people are dying over chip rare earths. Worse,  pan-generational heavy metal poisoning of sole water sources. Then consider apple already uses slave labour in China. So, no I cant agree with you and "..just enjoy the progress.." You need to GIVE A DAMN.
The benefit of risc is the simplicity of architecture. Because it is simple, it scales better. You can also gain more from improvements in the building blocks
great apple, crush that intel.., now intel will take more serious... it shows how intel just wasting years for small improvement between intel generation. let's see intel generation 12, will it takes leap from usually intel product?
You are awesome
Backgroud Music Is Disturbing !
I bought the new Mac Book in 2009 and  its  key board  started giving me fits  years ago.  I have discussed this with other  MBP owners had the same problem and starting using a blue tooth key board.
Any theory on why first thing people buy during crisis is toilet paper?
I was going to build a PC, but this video, it makes me wonder of i should
How ever good to know, I'm not really interested in all that from 1979.. just the last year or two is enough...  and this BEGS to be played at 2.0 speed. <<yawn>>
Thank you for explaining all this.
I hate fruit.
“It seems everyone hates Apple these days...” Great video, but you start out of the gate with an obviously incorrect statement. As currently one of the most successful companies in the world, clearly everyone does not hate Apple these days, despite many wishing that were true. Far closer to the opposite, really.
Never have I ever watched a 26 min video on youtube before this. Great job dagogo 👍👌
Perhaps on the low end, but ARM just can't beat mid to high end CPUs. ARM is a great CPU for mobile and embedded applications were performance per watt is king. But on the desktop you need raw power and ARM just can't deliver there. I have one of the most powerful ARM based systems available and even my 10 year old I5 desktop trounces it.
This is a good time for AMD to revive and innovate their K12 architecture. Or they will be left behind like Intel.
And where is Microsoft in this???? Where is Adobe? Where are the big player in this? Lenovo? Asus? Acer? I want to code on these things and play. We have toooooonnnnsss of problems with virtualization on our company's laptops and performance. We have locked down security, rendering "fast" hardware very slow. I am waiting for the first business grade arm based Thinkpad to replace my 2012 i7 Thinkpad. Maybe there will be a time where Mainboards for PCs ship with ARM to retrofit these old and slow PCs.  On the other hand. If Intel had powered the iPhone and other devices, would it be so popular? Intel processors are slow. Really slow.
RISC was always right...
Makes me wonder why I haven't subscribed to this channel already... What a fine production!
AMD tripped Intel.  Now Apple stomping on them.  Yikes Intel.
You can say that Apple took the RISC.
Man, use Linux, free software, free hardware, free you !
Apple propaganda rife with technical apples and oranges. Sad.
Intel is the new Nokia ...
Million Dollar Potential in Ruvol  I have invented a Board Game [still unpublished and not yet out in the market] that is guaranteed to be far more challenging and exciting than CHESS.  I called it “RUVOL.”    Over time, Ruvol will surpass chess as the “Number One Board Game in the World.”   Why am I so sure about this?  Because I am an avid chess player myself.    The weakness of chess is it always starts in fixed positions that the opening moves become “memorizable.”  In fact, not a few have so mastered the moves that they can play against their opponents “blindfolded.”  It is for this very reason that the great Bobby Fischer introduced his so-called “Fischer Random Chess,” where the starting position of the pieces is “randomized” to make the memorization of openings impracticable.  Fortunately, it is also for this reason that I invented Ruvol where “every game” has been calculated to be a challenging one to play.  HOW IS RUVOL PLAYED?  Ruvol is played somewhat like chess.  It is played by two players.  It uses a board that is rectangular in shape but containing more number of squares than chess.  It has equal number of pieces on each side of the board, where each type of piece moves in distinct ways.  However, if the way to win chess is to checkmate the opponent’s king, the way to win Ruvol is to be able to cross a designated line.    But there’s one big advantage Ruvol has over chess:  The Ruvol pieces are randomly placed at the start of “every game” which makes it impossible for any clever player to memorize the moves.    A MILLION DOLLAR POTENTIAL IN RUVOL!  The people who play chess will be the same people who will play Ruvol.  In my Google search, I learned there are around 800 million chess players in the world.  These 800 million players comprise the “Total Potential Buyers” of Ruvol across the globe.  At an average profit of just US$3 per set, the “Global Income Potential” of Ruvol then is US$2.4 billion.  Assuming only 1% of it will buy each year, the annual global potential sale of Ruvol is US$24M.  I AM LOOKING FOR AN INVESTOR!     For the reason that I don’t have the resources to publish Ruvol on a global scale, you might be interested to “FINANCE THE PUBLISHING” of my Ruvol on a profit-sharing arrangement.  Or better yet, just “BUY MY COPYRIGHT” and Ruvol is entirely yours.  If interested, email me at:  rodolfovitangcol@gmail.com.     Thanks and God bless!   RODOLFO MARTIN VITANGCOL The Ruvol Inventor
Haha, every idiot engineer I work with using Mac is going to be forced to abandon the system or be out of a job.  Good to weed them out.  Apple always screws their customers and the masochists keep returning.  I really do not understand Mac users, they think because they paid 2x for the their machine with 1/2 the power of a standard PC, they are smarter than everybody else - with a dumbed down, limited Unix system.
Again? Apple dit this RISC thing once ore twice. AKA PowerPC.
damn
This is an advertisement
So Apple is small potatoes in overall PC sales.  When do you think ARM will break into Windows Desktop market share in a big way?  Next PS and Xbox going to be ARM?  Should AMD start making ARM chips?  Just curious what everyone thinks!
A speed boost vs lots of spent money. Is it worth it? for a few maybe but ordinary people like me it isn't. Apple needs to lower their prices if they want to compete. Soon others will catch up to what they have achieved and then what? It took years for apple products to get this fast and probably far less time for competitors to do the same. This is good that apple raises the bar and force others to follow. In the end consumers benefit. Unless Apple lowers its prices, I will not touch an apple product and wait for competition to follow. Apple has been losing its wide customer base and its time apple re think its strategy.
how big is Garmin ? pls
It doesn't matter if intel not signing any contract to Apple for its iphone, thats because Apple will always ditch intel in the future no matter what and intel will lost the development cost for sure. That is because Apple will not depend on other company and buying their products and integrate into Apple product. Look at its lightning port which basically created from the idea of USB-C and Apple was among one of the many big company to push the USB-C and they just go develop the version of themselves, call it lightning and sell it to other manufacturer to add the port for profit. This is what Apple has been doing, they take parts of the big thing at first, then branch out and do the part themselves and charge them for license. They will go more to even stealing the idea. like the iPod 1st gen OS is almost a design copy of a singapore mp3 company. Basically they take those weaker/smaller company ideas and refine it a little , then call it is their own product. Like 3D touch, it wasn't the first phone they use this feature, same as other features... if you are truly a tech guy you will know that they are reusing technologies from other small company and refine it and re-brand it as their design/product and their usage.
Good bye x86
You're so good at what you do.
More reason to break Apple apart.
25:00 <--- she definitely does cocaine
I remember first time I used a MacBook Air, it was so fast compared to all my previous Windows machines, Apple build good products I totally trust ARM architecture in the new mac and I'm going to buy it, actually the technology got better because they make billions from iPhones, Intel on the other hand is struggling selling just CPUs but one has to admit that last generation of i7 and i9 are very powerful, it's not always about speed, exporting a 4k video in few seconds is cool but have you tried running the thing for intensive 10min? M1 is not a revolution, you'll hear the bad news later
Really good and educative definitely hyped even tho I'm not by chance pc user...
Just a random diagram of an RBKM Nuclear Reactor on the screen at 13:22.  (Not really, but really looks like one)
Apple is the only company that actually innovates and pushes the industry forward. Not only with the M1 chip, but since the very beginning of personal computers. Everything that Windows or Android do are cheap garbage copies of what Apple does.
PSA: Still made by slave labor.
Clock cycle's what?
Apple's Newton was a huge catalyst for ARM in mobile devices - far predating the iPod.
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
How about an M1 powered Raspberry Pi... RPi 5?
SO, when will Microsoft make windows for it?
Now all we need is Devs to make game compatible with ARM.
23:36 goosebumps 🔥
Lol so Samsung making chips for mac....
Arm does all the hard work but apple gets the hype, nice
And ryzen thread ripper uufff
You are comparing one high-end product to another that is not. The M1 chip is great and all... except for the vast amount of nannying Apple will do with your data, which, --shocker--only Apple will have ultimate control over, but don't forget that it is a specific-use-only piece of silicon. OMG OMG OMG 2 billion people use ARM devices, so much progress! Surprised? No. If you want to compare flagship to flagship, then AMD's Ryzen Threadripper & EPYC CPUs are the comparable "disruptive" agents to the x86 CPU line. ARM can never match their brute performance, unless x86 stagnates completely & ARM goes off on some wild tangent by switching to huuuuge power draw increases. Zen 2 & Zen 3 alone render that line of thought moot, with massive uplift in IPC vs power consumption. Ultimately, the M1 CPU and those that follow it will do, and will *ONLY* do, what Apple says you are allowed to do with it. A true assimilate-or-be-discarded move.
Mac mini M1 so fast
Once they get past running emulation- game on ⭐️
Could this be why I recently saw that we'll soon be able to run mobile apps on our desktops? Are they afraid of losing people to because they can't run the apps people use all of the time?
My best iPhone,  for me, was the first one. After that it just became another complicated computer.  The same with my Motorola phone, first one was easy to use, now the reverse button is gone. I have taken off all the apps because they just eat up memory,  and my phone just kept getting hack into. I not a fan of this stuff,  you lose control over your information
that was very interesting ..  and as I was saying 2 years ago seems to be the reason for not supporting repairs, the development is so fast that by the time the product hits the street it already has planned redundancy, the biggest problem is the price and yes it's a good product but the Far East  is already chasing them down and they want a share of the market without most of the R&D costs.
Apple devices or apple powered devices will never be in my possession. When I started in tech Apple was 100% proprietary. Later they started using off the shelf parts. Now in the last 10 yrs they have gone back to proprietary parts and steps to prevent users from fixing their own devices. Some Apple devices will actually brick (unrecoverable dead state) if you attempt to repair them.   I don't care how good the performance may be Apple needs to go away. Apple could also open the software and hardware but we all know that won't happen.
ARM CPUs were most popular on PDAs such as pocket pcs and other handhelds back in the 90s up until the late 2000, even Nokia's Symbian devices came later. It was quite enjoyable time back then while we had usually only two choices , either the desktop back home for study and work or PDAs for fun, notebooks were almost unaffordable though. When I heard the news about the apple M1 I had a look at my old collections of  ipaq and Dell axim PDAs on my desk and said to myself "finally".
Really enjoyed this video.  Well done.  I would have liked a LOT more technical information about the ARM and how it does it's work.  Also how compatible it is with existing software and all that (which yes you did touch on but only briefly).  Also more speculation about how things are likely to play out, what we're likely to see in 5 years and all that.
I know it may sound strange but from a small Acorn, Apple grew...
Apple tried this before with another RISC architecture called PowerPC.  PowerPC even though the instructions were more efficient, couldn't keep up with Intel's leaps in clock speed.  Same as Sun, before it was bought by Oracle with the SPARC chip, eventually moved to intel.  Until the ARM processor, none of the others were able to keep up with the x86 architecture, In ARM's case it's not just the instruction set it's the underlying efficiency of the chip design.  This is awesome for the consumers, and I suspect Intel and AMD will catch up in one or two generations.
It's so funny how Apple invested so much money on this CPU, then Nvidia buy's ARM... Good luck with getting a newer Licence for future ARM architectures as that won't be happening, I don't think Intel will sell them CPU's after Apple just blown them out for ARM and AMD is fully loaded for the next couple years with the New Ryzen cpus for PC's and the console market lol.
Great video, subscribed!
Smartphones makes you more stupid
B.b.b.b.but can I run windows 2000 sp4 on it?
I'll buy Apple again, when this proves to last years like my reliable PC
Apple may have now advanced the chip architecture/industry, that doesn't mean their products will be much better - still incredibly overpriced, over-hyped, propriety necessary hardware/software/dongles/products that completely invade your privacy above all else. Have fun apple fanboys.
Very insightful video! Thanks for breaking it down like this!
Don’t ever push your luck, pal.
I think because Apple is always hyped about their new stuff and the "best we've ever done" thing, the M1 wasn't that famous at the beginning.. I watched the live event but was like "meh.. another revolution that is not really a revolution", kind of the boy who cried wolf, you know? But seeing how even the PC people are impressed by this, I'm starting to believe that finally some real revolution has been made! Hope they keep doing this, just like the old good times..
I won't be so shocked if in the future we're gonna see windows laptop with Snapdragon chipset. All thanks to Apple M1
@ColdFusion, the comparison at around 16:30 is not an apples to apples comparison from Dave2D. The iPhone has dedicated encoder for that specific video format. If that same hardware existed on the intel chip it would have taken about the same time. But you're not spending most of your time decoding and encoding videos. Apple is still killing it and this is honestly an argument to Apple building their own CPUs based on the fact that do include this hardware on their chips.
Intel was also developing and producing ARM chips for many years, before they dropped it because of low margins.
Once this thing can run all my games and newer games better (and 3d suites) I'll go to it.
Apple was an early investor in both Acorn and ARM development in the late 1980's. In 1992, Apple released their first mobile device with an ARM chip: the Newton PDA.
Open source software: update and recompile and use chip direct. Linux should run very fast in new Mac mini.
The idea of putting an arm into a laptop is not new.. with that apple didnt change anything in the "entire" industry
You can say that Apple took the RISC.
Can you do a video on Lotto or gambling in general. How the slot machines work the algorithm used for draws
There is NO Linux for any M1 based device.
Is Intel the next Nokia ?
what a biased af video
Samsung is better
I bought my iMac 27 seven years ago,  and the sole reason i haven’t upgraded is that there simply was no point, the chips haven’t really moved on. When they stick this tech into a new desktop, then I’ll finally get a new machine.
As a mac user since 86, its strange to see the return of ARM and RISC, its not the first time we’ve been here.
I hate Apple Inc. I may be biased in this regard, as I also admire the progress, but cannot stand many of their business practices or overall history of choices made with such power bestowed on them via our economic choices.
M1 Chip = Much Better Big Brother Chains Around Your Neck.
and people say apple products lack innovation
single core okay..  but, world is moving steady with multi core/smp..  in multi core measures,, the m1 is so slow.. it will take them 10 years to catch up if amd/intel dont do shit meanwhile..   https://www.cpu-monkey.com/en/cpu_benchmark-cinebench_r23_multi_core-16  i know it win all over with low power, and it is where it is really needed.. but this talk about beating x86 high performance multi core  is not gonna happen.. ever..  unless everyone else taking 10 year pause which they wont
In the words of Phil Schiller, “Can’t innovate anymore, my ass!”
Good video, however I think that the whole RISC vs. CISC subject is a red herring. We are far beyond the point where there is a clear distinction between the two: ARM instruction set has been expanding dramatically over the years, and modern Intel CPUs are actually "RISC" internally (the CPU doesn't run x86 instructions directly, instead they are converted into a simplified instruction set before execution). Moreover, these differences mattered 20+ years ago when the majority of transistors actually had to be dedicated to implementing the instruction set, however nowadays this is no longer the case - most of CPU transistors are various caches (and in the case of M1, also actual main RAM), and the actual instruction loading / ALU part is comparatively trivial.
So anyone owns Intel shares? Watch out.
I think because Apple is always hyped about their new stuff and the "best we've ever done" thing, the M1 wasn't that famous at the beginning.. I watched the live event but was like "meh.. another revolution that is not really a revolution", kind of the boy who cried wolf, you know? But seeing how even the PC people are impressed by this, I'm starting to believe that finally some real revolution has been made! Hope they keep doing this, just like the old good times..
👇🏼 Maglike kung pinoy ka!
I'm glad I bought a chunk of apple stocks when it dropped to 110 a few weeks back!
And Microsoft tried it with the arm surface, without the compatibility with other windows instructions and applications. Now they realize that arm is the future with full windows support on arm.
yes by making everything unrepairable...... and build in obsolescence
64 bit doesn't necessarily meant addressing >4GB for Apple. The were focused on the increased speed due to larger instructions.
Investments is always a wise decision to make but the question is what investments do you have?
damn to bad they cant game :(
You guys realize that with ARM you’re loosing compatibility with x86 based applications.
Every youtuber ever, I don't use apple prawdux, I use android and windows, because I don't want to be called a sheep but I am using the most commonly used stuff, but I am cool for doing so. Yackthoo.
And that is why they are worth a trillion dollars now...
I can play top end pc games on a desktop half the price. Tim Cook slams the door on his way out. 😂😂😂😂
thank you for your straightforward channel and unbiased, un fanboy documentation. its a breath of fresh air. I never understood the "war camps" of Mac VS PC. it was always bizarre to me. im platform agnostic and have always used whatever suits the need. and even in the comments below I see some "fck apple" minded comments and I don't really get it. This is an advancement in stagnant technology. We were ensured with "Moores law" that we would have 20 terahertz chips by now. its obvious that the M1 is just a great approach to taking shortcuts around the limitations. this should be celebrated by everyone interested in progression. The fact that so many "haters" are coldly challenging, and even berating apple on this move is mind boggling. I guess I underestimated the power of brainwashing, on both sides. Strange that personal choice of computer companies has become more fierce than politics.
but, can it run Crysis?
So arm architecture is awesome for laptops for the reduced power consumption, but for a desktop where the power consuomption is irrelevant it is still not powerful enough. Am I correct? I`m a 3D artist working on an AMD 32 core processor and I dont care about power consumption but performance alone, both in the GPU and the CPU. So what I want to know is, are those cute chips powerful enough to take on a workstation?
Wow! Apple really made it!😮
Since Intel decided that they were done with innovation, others took the opportunity to innovate.
This guy is a TEACHER. Period. I have no other comment or recommendation. He came to teach us how to make things right.
I have a diamond 200carat. But my neighbour has 1ton of 22carats of gold leaf. Who is rich?
They clever,They want to take over the gaming world too,I wont be surprised if they also make a apple gaming console
I am just sad that this performance won't reach better interfaces like ThinkPad computers for a while... if ever.
Apple is leading the arms race and Intel is sitting with a broken risc assessment
I'm not selling my apple shares
Yea, yea... there are people that remember what happened to PowerPc which was also better than x86 :) :)
Hint it involves slaves.
What if Apple built a standalone GPU based on the m1 chip to upset Nvidia
In the words of Phil Schiller, “Can’t innovate anymore, my ass!”
ARM is not 100% RISC. At Pure RISC all instructions has same length and  clock cycle. ARM create multi RISC components that group instructions based on execution cycle so we see SOC not CPU. This is future. Take advantage of RISC simplesty and CISC performance. But virtualization is a challenge on this model.
It is a long awaited return to a RISC Architecture similar to that of the beloved PowerPC single chips. Maybe the Megahertz myth will come back too.
Great video, and great ad!
it is still in the "innovation" phase. It isn't changed the industry yet until other companies follow apple steps.
Which GPU comparison do you want to see most?
"big applications like Chrome..." LOL!
0:22xx
Apple’s stock is really cheap. Just saying.
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
Everyone is hating on apple because they're edgy. They think hating on popular thing is cool.
I really hope this gives x86 the wake-up call it needs. That said, most people don't know, or even care what's inside their computers, so x86 can probably get by on that massive customer base. Great vid.
name of the first song!?!!?!?!?!!?
I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
M5 will be so efficient, they will REMOVE THE CHARGING PORT and the batteries should last you few years and replace batteries with genuine apple products.
Cool, but real freedom and power will come with RISC5, not ARM, IMHO
I told AMD all of this back in 2007 and they didn't listen to me. I told them how to dominate the CPU world in all the spheres and they didn't listen to me. I redesigned their website and some of their advertising, but they didn't listen to me in the CPUs. There still are a few things about CPUs that would put them even ahead of the curve described in this video and put them on a track to dominate all future CPU innovation for decades to come, if they would only listen to me.
I remember I was so excited when MacBook Air started coming with SSD drives. I bought a MacBook Air in 2012, and I'm still using it and it still runs fantastic. Wasn't inspired to upgrade for a long time, but this piqued my interest.
AMD vs Intel vs M1.  Go.
"Can't we just enjoy the progress in technology?" No... we can't... coz the fact that even the most basic functions of our lives have now been tied to tech whether we like it or not, means they can now use it to gouge the common person for as many $$$ as they please by making sure that none of it is interchangeable with anything else. Not even the POWER CABLES are interchangeable from 1 model to the next!!! And trying to store anything in long-term memory is almost impossible - what was once stored on floppy discs has had to be moved to DVD, then HDD, or USB solid state, then Cloud, as each technology is erased and unsupported. Each step costs $$$ and sure, each format has better and better fidelity, but the latest isn't even secure privacy wise! It's all just a price gouge coz built-in obsolescence is a huge investment for these companies. They know exactly how thin to make the transistors so they break down just after the warrantee expires - they could make them with much longer lives and charge little more, still making good profit on each unit, but they deliberately won't coz $$$... your $$$... No wonder these companies are rich, you have to keep your hand on your wallet just to walk past their shops!!!
"Compulsive obsolete" is a criticism against Apple as well, where they keep on making models obsolete with some new feature to compel consumers to buy more and more with each new series, thus creating digital waste of a huge scale that may need to be exported out; not to mention the continuous pinch on consumers' wallets every 2 years in developing countries where that money may be more productively spent elsewhere. Hardly see the point in making each series "obsolete" every 2-3 years except as a sales gimmick, which is unfortunately having other types of impact that people hardly ever think about.
Dagogo, DeepMind Just Made A HUGE Scientific Breakthrough on Protein Folding with their A.I. -- AlphaFold, published on the NATURE Article. Could you please cover this topic on the channel? I would like to hear your opinions on this ground-breaking topic.  I've Delivered My Message For Now, Keep It Up With The Amazing Content, Peace Out And Much Love. <3
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
intel chips are backdoor for israel. there's a reason it's called "intel" this sounds like a total strokefest. listen to Louis Rossmann on youtube for the real scoop.
Apple is an intelligent company!
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
I love this movie.
they haven;t changed anything
bruh APPLE didnt do shit, China did it
intel's X86 architecture technology is quickly becoming obsolete.   ARM based processors using RISC or Reduced Instruction Set Computing is the way of the future.  If intel's biggest rival AMD will decide to utilize it's chip designing superiority and establish a dedicated ARM architecture processor department or even shift to ARM architecture altogether, then intel's X86 architecture is doomed for sure.
you cannot compare the speed of mobile risc to desktop cisc
Ok, now I am ready to buy an Apple Computer. FINALLY!!! I wanted to always... but I liked building them. Now I have a super thin zen book. NEXT=Apple!!! ❤️🍎❤️🍎❤️🙏🏻🌈
Intel killed the AIM Alliance/PowerPC by literally opening an office down the street from the PowerPC design office and hiring away all the employees they could. That is what kept the G4 at such slow speeds for so long and ultimately caused Apple to switch to Intel.  Also, lovely quote about Steve Jobs and the 10 year lifespan of a given architecture, but it neglects x86-64 that AMD came up with.
Uhmm, doesn't a raspberry pi use a cell phone chip to run a normal computer?  I have a raspberry pi connected to a normal keyboard, monitor, mouse, etc.  And I run it like a normal computer.... Oh raspberry Pi runs on Linux and Apple is simply a closed version of a linux distro... Android is also a linux distro.
Macs cant game, AMD wont let apple take over
Single threaded benefits only. ARM [RISC] will require more memory but the new M1 is limited to 16 GB so far. My machine has 64 GB and my next desktop will have 128 GB. Less pipelined, limited addressing modes. This is great for phones, sucks for software/hardware of today which relies on multithreaded applications and tons of ram.
Ripple. Xrp and bitcoin will make you rich
Very impressive. I hope amd is working on some type of arm chip because they are gonna get wrecked like they wrecked intel.
Please say that Apple has gone broke and shut down instantly! What no? Well then I have to keep ignoring Apple anything for a little bit longer...
Major issues on the new M1 MacBook pro MacBook air mac mini on the M1 Bluetooth And Wifi issues The issue appears to lie in Apple's hardware or macOS Big Sur, as users were able to successfully connect Logitech accessories using that company's Unifying Receiver Bluetooth dongle. One Redditor contacted Apple to replace his Mac mini, but the substitute suffered from the same problem, get the word out get refund
"This turned out to be a huge missed opportunity" understatement of the century...
Hey kids, lemme tell ya something: Apple already switched processors more than one time. Motorola 68K -> PowerPC -> Intel -> M1. They use what suits them best. It's not hardly the end of Intel or anything. It's just serving best Apple's profit. That's it.
S0 many bots on this thread- half of the comments are repeats.
I hope AMD launches an ARM chip soon for laptops because if not they will be out of the game as Intel is right now. I feel confident for the new generations of computers.
This feels like the first actual big innovation from Apple in a long time.  I want one
But does it run crisis?
When M1 chips have games that run on it and blow Intel out of the water, that would be the tipping point.
I want ARM in windows.
Apple revolutionizing the desktop/laptop market with ARM, but haters will choose not to see it, and call the company "boring"
All new tonight! Part two of Stephen Colbert’s epic interview with President Barack Obama!
This is incredibly well done. Thank you.
Groundbreaking! Well done Apple...never thought I'd ever say that as I have never been a big fan of Apple, but there's no denying that chip is a game changer.
I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
Hello Dagogo, could you please tell us more about fugaku. And Fujitsu's role in it. I thought Fujitsu died in the last years.
I really enjoyed this.
It just isn't worth the price. You can build an absolute rig of a desktop, 2 - 3x more powerful than this, for the same price. That is a fact. This may be revolutionary but still insane price margins.
I  first came across computers on a BBC micro in the 80s at school  who new it would change the world.  A classic case of British lateral thinking.
Wow, great video !! Thank you !!
ARM really isn't RISC anymore by formal definitoons. It's more of a highly optimized, leaner CISC processor. It's definitely a reduced instruction set compared to x86, but it's no longer pure, unadulterated, simple RISC.
It’s worth pointing out that it’s not all about the CPU, per se. It’s the high level of integration and bandwidth of memory and I/O subsystems as well. On board Unified memory for the CPU, GPU and NPU, and SSD likewise. Such tight coupling of these components (which unfortunately means non upgradable components), eventually with the operating system as well (from the same manufacturer). You have to wonder how Samsung, Microsoft, Android etc are ever going to be able to compete. I’m mostly a Linux and Windows guy, with iOS for my mobile devices, but I’ve seen this tight coupling of hardware and software coming for a long time. Cover me, I’m going in for an M1 Mac Mini... 😳🤘
I hope Microsoft make an ARM version of Windows that's actually good, and then pus for support of arm chips from someone like qualcomm.
APPLE STOCK!
It's been SO long since we've had a genuine 'game changer'.  Super pleased this has happened - should make the rest of the industry stand up and innovate.
Brilliant as usual
I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
Hey, you should put size charts in the merch page..
Yes. They've secluded themselves even more, and getting repairs done by non-Apple means has become even harder, and repairs will continue to rape people's wallets. You have the people to thank for that becaue they just keep giving this ridiculous company money.
Kudos to Apple for developing an ARM processor that surpasses the performance and efficiency of the x86 architecture. I was kind of hoping something like this would happen for Windows ARM devices like the Surface Pro X. It hasn't happened yet, but that's the direction it needs to go for thin, light and efficient mobile devices, and now laptops.   I also hope Apple eventually puts a touch screen and develop[s a true 2-in-1. Sure, the iPad Pro is a step or two in the right direction, and expensive accessories like the magic keyboard brings it a step closer to the perfect 2-in-1, but it is still far from being "the one" killer mobile computer.   The M1 Macbook Air with capability of running App Store Apps is also a step in the right direction but from the other direction. Unfortunately we won't have access to every app store app, but developers have a way to easily distribute their software to the M1 platform through the App store.   I think the only speed bump is Apple's unwillingness to put a touch screen on their Macbook laptops, mostly because those invested in the Apple ecosystem seem to be willing to shell out for a separate Macbook and iPad. I can only hope that these innovations from the M1 can light a fire under competitors like Microsoft and Google to innovate better and more efficiently in the mobile computing space, and in turn give Apple real competition to force their hand at a true 2-in-1 laptop, with the consumers ultimately being the winner.
Like the origins of the Mac way back when a visit to P.A.R.C of Xerox by Steve Jobs resulted from Jobs intellectual property thief of the ICO and mouse from the Xerox Star. I see just another toy and Apple playing catchup. My Lenovo X390 is so much more of a computer. Apple NEVER was an innovator. They just sleuthed about and stole other developers  intellectual property. Stationed at Moffitt Field I have been there since the single board cassette deck pong RF modulator toy . Tandy's business machine with and acoustic coupled modem spreadsheet  monitor and DOS disk and printer was a work horse.  Natural Laws of economic progress did Tandy in. Apple fan boys grow some, stop  and  wear some big boy pants. Gates was still the best bet. I'll not watch any more of your b.s like the story of the iPhone because like Steve Harvey would say "And now for the rest of the story" .
You missed out an important part of the story which was that it was Apple who went to Acorn and asked them to spin off ARM as a separate company because they wanted to use the ARM in their Newton. From Wikipedia "The company was founded in November 1990 as Advanced RISC Machines Ltd and structured as a joint venture between Acorn Computers, Apple Computer (now Apple Inc.) and VLSI Technology". To say that it was all Intel's own fault is over simplifying the story. Apple has been involved with ARM almost from the beginning, long before anyone else and was the 2nd company, after the creator Acorn Computers, to use the ARM chip. Your video suggests that Apple came to ARM late in the game. Far from it!!!
Looking forward to buying the 2nd gen MacBook Pro with an improved M chip!
I love this movie.
you say "hi" like we made eye contact on the subway but you dont really want to talk
But.... it is still a crapple!
this is kinda exciting to me.  the only thing i have that has an ARM processor is my Nintendo Switch.  and it's actually pretty impressive, the cpu's performance.  i can't wait to get an Macbook with the M1 processor.    i'm surprised; i had heard these processors wouldn't be available until 2021.  but here it is.
Apple M1: "I'm a groundbreaking chip." Qualcomm Snapdragon 8cx: *Laughs in 2018*
RIP Intel
I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
This is the first video I’ve watched on the M1, and your video is superb!
You just turned me off after your obscene editorial prior to 1:00. I'm reporting this to YouTube. You have bias of a commie country. maybe go back to that hellhole.
Who's watching this in 2020?
That is a very grandiose title. Apple has improved on the efficiency of the mobile CPU but if comparisons are made they should be made not on mobile apps but on desktop programs or games. Apple has a history of wowing the consumer while fleecing their wallets by specifically building parts that fail thus requiring an expensive repair that is close to purchasing a new device. I have Apple devices that are more than a decade old but devices are still operational only because I could open and repair them. I won’t buy Apple products because of their business practices (that affect me as an end user) and always recommend not to buy when someone asks me what device to purchase. Just because Apple dangles the carrot of the M1, we should take it as a grain of salt because there are other practices that are tied to the M1 and it comes to Apple, they will not be good.
Great content man. That was a really great video. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Can't understand who those 1.7K people are who disliked this video. Most likely, Intel spies.
sounds like riscy business to me
The truth: HUGE drop in perfomance on many levels, actually. Apple, in their greed to control every single thing so that they can charge top dollar to hipster suckers, is ABSOLUTELY going to lose the media creation platform of choice moniker in a big way when platforms like Ryzen/Threadripper/EPIC (and even Intel if they can ever figure out how to make a bug free die on a truly modern process). Apple really screwed themsslves this time.
Intel is far behind, poor foresight and vision. Lazy, not investing in R&D. But, I believe Intel can resurrect itself.
Just for fun scan down through the comments and see how many of the comments are repeated verbatim by other users. Numerous cases of the same comment posted at the same time by different users - if I didnt know any better I'd say they have to be bots. They certainly aren't different people. Kind of calls for a more in depth investigation me thinks.
xxxx
what surface they are using? the first one!
Nerd Jesus.
Don't believe that M1 is that more powerful in raw output. The software have to be optimised for the RISC instruction. As I remember, You have to write more code for these apps.
They just slowing and fucking the industry
Well, there is CERTAINLY one thing I've learned from this very technically informative video… iJustine is still smoking hot! :-)
Good content, but have your editor review comma usage. Should be "Apple tries simple CPUs", not "Apple tries simple CPU's". It does not belong to the CPU, it is a multiple. Same with "1Ghz = 1 Billion cycle's per second" -> proper is  "1Ghz = 1 Billion cycles per second".
Bold move by Apple. Love the New M1 Mac Mini. 👍
Put a fork in Intel's ass.
I very much enjoyed the video--thank you but don't bother w/Morning Brew. The second you open it they can't wait to tell you about CHEATER Biden's Cabinet. NO POLITICAL BIAS at Morning Brew LMAO. CHEATING ISN'T WINNING.
This still doesn't make apple any less of a con-artist
That’s why I never said and believed that apple products are overpriced.
So I wonder if this architecture works in a GPU application? With the power requirements of the GTX 3090, combined with those of the 11900K, if we replaced both of these components with ARM architecture, I'd be interested to see the drop in power requirement and/or the improvement in performance. My battery backup already doesn't like my i7-8700/GTX 1070Ti combo.
We are literally seeing history being made... I have a feeling x86 is going to go extinct in a decade.
Apple's strategic cpu architecture turn out to be remarkable.
i guess apple has new tech better than M1.. they commercialize this M1 because it is old and outdated----- to them
I am your big fan
run x86 class app and then do the benchmark ......:p
Not writing Intel off just yet, but they've got waaaay too much work to do.  It could take them more than a decade to catch-up.
is thig guy dumb? he's taking about X86 and showing a commodore PET!
And it was that moment when intel knew, they fkd up.
On top of all of this, AMD comes out with Ryzen 5000 series. Someone at Intel should wake the F up.
I won't be so shocked if in the future we're gonna see windows laptop with Snapdragon chipset. All thanks to Apple M1
Meh their brand new processor barely keeps up with a 2 year old i9. Also, half of these comments (note the repeats) are by bots.  "Open source software... You could say apple took the RISC.. It was at this point... Yada Yada".
Just wait for apple to increase prices.
Beautifully done and well-thought-out video.  I feel bad for Intel, as this new chip advancement will single-handedly kill Intel’s entire business. Truly illustrates the old phrase, you snooze, you lose.
Apple should try to follow the Tesla model - drive the prices down with innovation - not the other way round drive the price up - not that this matters as they copy many manufactures ! Appel cell phones are for pretentious people !
I purchased a iPhone 📱 because of this super duper video
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
This feels like a commercial... I'm out.
Intel is getting  the entire 2020 package. Before it was AMD and now its ARM disguised as M1
I was going to build a new PC  early next year. Now I am going to get a mac mini. Intel is in deep trouble, and AMD is going to have to rethink their chips too.
No, they didn’t. This is hyperbole at it’s worst. So Apple moved to ARM. Big deal. Microsoft was doing this year’s ago. Unfortunately they have to rely on Qualcomm.
“Everyone hates Apple” is very evidently extremely inaccurate as Apple is the Worlds Most Valuable company. A lot of people Love Apple.
annoying vocal production.
RISC vs CISC; the energy variable.
Your videos are just captivating. 26 minutes went by in like 5 mins and I still want more.
Any Android user will tell you that "We had that feature years ago!"
I used tho think that there will be time when smartphones get a great computer chips. But Apple proof me wrong. It's computers that need to be more efficient, so they need spartphone's chips. Good work Apple. I'm going back to you, Apple!! (FYI I never use Apple product since they use Intel).
This is full of factual errors. Long time ago ( as in about 20 year ) there were 2 platforms RISC and CISC. ARM is a version of RISC and x86 used to be a version of CISC. Only today x86, just like ARM, executes RISC instructions internally and really the only difference is that software sends CISC instructions to a x86 CPU which are then translated/decoded to RISC for internal processing. Before someone goes all preachy proclaiming that the decoder is the problem it really isn't and it uses between 3-5% of extra power and that statement has been independently verified many times.  What Apple did with M1 is not at all brining a mobile CPU to a laptop/desktop. M1 is and evolution of current CPU design thinking and the true innovation here is removing the memory controller and using a "shared" memory pool for GPU and CPU. That's really not that uncommon or revolutionary. AMD has CPU/GPU on chip and sharing memory between CPU and GPU is common practice with integrated graphics cards. What Apple did is they used the best of everything and used what would normally be considered a low end technique to build a high end processing unit ( not sure it can be called a CPU anymore ). And yes the results are AMAZING. Also the reason why this is even possible and you can still run existing software is simply because Apple replaced the hardware decoder found in x86 with a software decoder. And the best part is that once software is reworked to natively use RISC and not need the decoder, you can expect at least 3-5% gain in speed and/or battery performance.  Also, you totally got the history of why CISC was prevalent wrong. It's all about cost of memory. CISC allowed for better reuse of memory and then RAM was very very expensive and there simply wasn't the technological means of having more, CISC was clearly the better technology. But that hasn't been the case for a long time now and today Apple has access to memory that runs at clock speeds similar to what a CPU runs at. That's also why now is the time to make a switch. It also happens to be the reason why Nvidia bought Arm. If M1 is the future of Macs and Intel is not the future of PCs then you clearly have a gap in the market. Nvidia wants to make sure they are part of the conversation especially if the future of GPUs is not a physical board that plug into another physical board.
'M1' ? Cmon, Apple - you should have delivered Skynet by now.
This so well made ! Like a netflix documentary 👏
2030, when playing games on a Macbook Air is 2000% faster than Today´s top end Intel/Amd paired wih a RTX 3090 while only consuming 1/30´th of the power at max settings. I like where stuff is going with Apple right now. My only wish is that they include a 120Hz display soon on their Macbooks.
Open source software: update and recompile and use chip direct. Linux should run very fast in new Mac mini.
25:00 i hope that happens because apple is a toxic company
Me watching this on a one year old intel macbook pro. FML.
This is so wrong. Plz guys dont fall prey into this biased video. The future is cloud and there intel is dominating with their server processors. And all the legacy softwares wont run on arm. I mean those countless enterprise softwares that are made based on x86. Arm is only good for browsing,  media consumption  and very light gaming. The primary aim of arm is low battery consumption but x86 or cisc was always about pure power. And mind you again dont fall prey to the ghz number, thats again flawed. An x86 processor running on 4ghz is a hell lot more powerful than suppose a 4ghz on arm. Now you would ask so why apple switched it? Answer is simple apple just cares about apple consumers and their consumers are not the computing geeks or they dont do any powerful computing . They only use ms office😁 and at the most they use final cut pro which is nothing as close to a AAA game or not even worthy to server software. Thats the reason why xbox and ps5 used x86 not arm. I hope you guys get my point
I think because Apple is always hyped about their new stuff and the "best we've ever done" thing, the M1 wasn't that famous at the beginning.. I watched the live event but was like "meh.. another revolution that is not really a revolution", kind of the boy who cried wolf, you know? But seeing how even the PC people are impressed by this, I'm starting to believe that finally some real revolution has been made! Hope they keep doing this, just like the old good times..
Iteration works  But innovation ftw
No it's not desktop performance... some things is make in silicon but if you have something make in silicon you are out of luck .
When will Apple cover the backside of the screen with photocells to charge the battery from ambient light?
Intel sounds like the evil fosil capitalists.
Desktop is very laggy,I can't even watch youtube videos comfortably.
I wonder if Microsoft partner with Samsung or Huawei to bring its mobile chip to Windows environment
does it repairable/ upgradable🤔 apple: nahhh just buy another one😱🤑😂
Excellent synopsis on the M1 and Apples rise in custom silicon.   Do you think we will see a three party system, or will ARM be an even larger eco-system?
You can say that Apple took the RISC.
I find the comparison between iPhone 12 and intel top chip (i9 9900K) dishonest at best. It is well known, that apple has crippled high-end intel CPUs. Their machines are not designed to cool such a high-power CPU (for which such CPUs are designed)! Up to recently (Ryzen 5000) i9 CPUs were the fastest (and still aren't so bad). The sad thing is that Apple actually did something groundbreaking with M1 chips. I can't wait for the rest of the industry to follow. But M1 chips are made especially for their use case, quite the opposite of the i9 chips in desktop. Their achievement is valid, there is no need for such dishonest comparisons.  PS: I actually like most of the video and the channel. The comparison would just give people who aren't tech enthusiasts a very distorted picture.
You have convinced me to get either an iPad or a MacBook with these new CPU chips.
Now combine this chip with a 10,000mah phone battery, and then you'll have a phone to end all phones
What about "Right to Repair"? Somehow this seems to be lost in your post!
Apple is not changing anything ,they re using the server heterogeous processor on consumers. Cpu+ hardware acceleration has been used by years in servers.
Better ask how Intel stuck at its 14nm CPU.
Hope Apple resurrects the Apple server and aids in Linux port then uses its low power in their server farms. I see Amazon AWS now offering MacOS, Amazon would be a good customer for this.
Sell what you want to sell, don't sell what people what you to sell. Apple is not some roadside cart selling things, buy if you like it, don't buy if you don't
Cell phone chips on PC’s! Brilliant!
Anyone else first pc experience on an Acorn? ✋
I want to see these chips with an Intel/AMD comparable TDP budget and a solid cooling solution.
Maybe some engineer will start up Cyrix again and build ARM processors. The old Cyrix 486 in our lab still does a lot of work, funny how even DOD still has programs running that require MSDOS for testing.
Us Unix dorks came up on Sparc architecture and saw the benefits of RISC decades ago. As far as the PC world, a computer is only as good as the software running on it, if it wasn't then the old X86 would have died out soon after Compaq shook the world with their IBM clones.
Wow I understood everything you said. This is just amazing! I see apple being innovators in the VR world as well.. that will happen within the next few years because this opens the doors to advanced AR/VR Ai Glasses that will be the beginning of the Ready Player One future
When M1 chips have games that run on it and blow Intel out of the water, that would be the tipping point.
Maybe be because they didn't?
💯💯💯
This was such a great video!  You are an absolute legend at documenting and reporting on technology!  I truly appreciate your efforts in making these videos.
TDLR Could've just said ARM is faster than x86, and that Apple is moving forward with the ARM for better usage.
Love your voice
That phone vs desktop video comparison is misleading. It is like comparing a GPU with less instructions to a CPU with more instructions. A GPU will render images 60 frames a second at 4k but a CPU may take minutes or hours to do the same. Anyone in computer graphics/game dev knows static light building and digital sculpting actually uses CPU power rather than GPU.
I remember those days. Galaxy Note master race
We are just a decade of ARM beating x86 ass in the enthusiast scene,
On top of all of this, AMD comes out with Ryzen 5000 series. Someone at Intel should wake the F up.
There r other things to consider, like performance degradation over time. In this case it appeals to Apple as they are all about planned obsolesence. But their fanboys can brag about this for the next decade, even after competition has far exceeded them.
The thing is though... Apple was really bluffing here. A 10900k or 5900x is gonna destroy this is things like games, but nothing is as power efficient as this, I believe this will change the industry still.
Still didn't do it first lol
I need boy friend
Apple screwed up my phone when come up with a 14.1 update as my app would not function properly pausing when playing and screwing up the graphics !!!
Samsung + AMD
As much as I've HATED CRapple for years and years and years now, I have to give it to them with this one. FINALLY Apple does something I can respect. Great move, and I hope it spreads like a wildfire. Wait, HOPE??? It WILL spread like a wildfire. There's no two ways about it...
Dominion voting machines were hacked by Iran and China now guilty of fraud while Biden tries to blame Russia. Surprise, surprise? Dem's, what a bunch of dopes. FBI IS DEEP STATE. Drain the swamp. U.S. media is Deep State.
The only thing I care about: Will those processors come without backdoors?
Very good video on the history of processors leading up to M1, thanks!😊
performance is of very little importance to me since my 2015 intel i5 desktop serves me extremely well in every thinkable task in an (microsoft) office setting. microsoft has done more to my productivity with office365 and business basic in the last years than any other software or hardware vendor. on the other hand i can see that a better performance to watt ratio can help the world at large, especially if it could replace cpus in the power hungry data centers. I fear the fact that it is apple proprietary though, since while i have used ipads, iphones and macs in the last 2 years i have spent a great deal more time on managing these faulty devices and OS than my old or new x86 machines with windows10. the microsoft ecosystem is so much more of a business enabler than apple's. if great hardware design (i do love that in the iphone or mac) means the same for m1 and i have to do things the apple way, my choice still is intel architecture and in any case windows (or linux for my servers). i'm not sure if you have noticed, but intels 11thgen laptop chips with 15w tdp are excellent and the laptops built around it have half the price of a mac. ergo, when m1 is released to hp, lenovo and asus and runs windows or linux i'm happy enough, otherwise this tech development is sort of uneventful.
Intel needs to develop RISK processors. They missed the boat.
I mean, it is very insane to see that level of advancement in the computer industry... but i think there is still a level of blockage involved for consumer use. I am an engineer and I utilize CAD... but these programs are usually limited to the OS it currently runs on. I mean, in a perfect world, imagine using AutoCAD on a chipset like the M1.
10:30 - bit of trivia here, most of these Intel commercials from this period where made on a Mac, not an Intel based PC.
I've seen SpecInt2006 scores, they look good - but let's see multi-core Cinebench scores, then we'll talk.
Still Apple is not good for consumers, for Apple OVERPRICES all its devices.  I believe the M1 chip will be too expensive to build, say a GAMING PC.  Why didn't Sony build its a PS5 console around Apple's chip, say for instance the so-called here M1?  Your video is very interesting, but it is not good to build gaming computers  and/or  the general consumer with limited purchase power.
On top of all of this, AMD comes out with Ryzen 5000 series. Someone at Intel should wake the F up.
We better hold on a bit... Wasn't it M5 that took over the Enterprise and started killing federation ships?
AMD doesnt exist in here :(
19:06 love that *fast scroll* wait for a couple seconds *continue scrolling regular speed again*
Apple is already in the works for a custom M1X proccesor to be used to power electronics in the Elon's Musk Starship that promises to take the very first humans to Mars in 2024😶
We'll see. I'll remain cautious about this.  Call my cynical, but this feels like the media falling head over heels for Apple like in the 2010s again. So I'm definitely gonna wait and see how this pans out instead of just gobbling up the hype here.
I believe Apple will be with the best vision and execution when the time comes for their Augmented Reality Glasses. The world will never be the same around worldwide accessible 5G and Apple AR glasses.
im not a mac person either. i would be nice if you could borrow something to do your own speed test. im just suspicious of a lot of "influences" motives.
A very well-researched piece, thank you.  Tell you what, though, Apple can keep a secret, no?  Six weeks ago, this powerplay was not predictable.  Intel were notable in the last few years, for not having anything to shout about - I have the tower PC from 2009, because I realised, that changing to an SSD was the biggest single difference I could make.  I looked at Intel processors, year in and year out, without spending top dollar, there was nothing worth having.  Really, PCs have run out of easy upgrades, now SSDs are commonplace.  Look at all the music producer guys, they love the new Apple silicon, they are putting a thousand tracks down on a single song, and slapping on apps/plugin software galore, just to see if they can burden the thing down.  There is no equivalent disruption to now, except the iphone, and before that, the post-2000 PCs which did improve adequately for their time.  Earlier PCs, were considered too jittery to produce music with, for example, pre-2000s.  Not saying people didn’t do it, but smooth experience it was not.
The problem with these reviews is that people tend overhype the achievemnts. This cpu is disruptive. It has a performance that shames any cpu trying to run on a low power envelope. That is the perspective everyone consistently forget to mention. Making a chip that runs these apps at such a low power is an achievement on its own. New products we haven't even thought about will start to emerge just for this reason. We often "judge a car on its ability to climb stairs". This is the only fault on Apple's marketing
Talks about opening chrome as fast as his desktop, what kind of dinosaur pos is he using? That took forever.
I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
less heat? how 'bout smart phones for mining cryptos?
"the biggest moment in computing history in the last decade or so".  smh
Trouble was, intel were never going to just invest in the RND, as far as they saw, they didn’t have the liquidity with the hungry Wall Street dividend munchers. They should have made a change as soon as they saw the results from Apples moves with the iPhones.
WARNING: This video contains a number on technical inaccuracies and misunderstandings.
Apple's CPU's spent the last 20 years throttling back and forcing people to work on keyboards as hot as 85 degree celsius.  Sad thing is, smart marketing has covered EVERY SINGLE FLAW in Apple products for the last 20 years and if something went tits up, they'd just throw a new one at you if they couldn't blame you for the issue by saying something like 'You need to dust or vacuum the vents' and yet NO OTHER laptop manufacturer was offering that excuse.  I do wonder how hot the M1 will run tho.. If it runs hot, like EVERY OTHER APPLE LAPTOP, this will most definitely not get reported by the fanboys/girls!
Attributing Apple’s release of the M1 to any purpose other than to line its own pockets is absurd.
here you go again....
very good job Apple, very good explanation Dagogo.
Cut that pinky nail! At 25:04
The PC is an open platform. Apple is a proprietary platform. I will gladly stick to the less efficient open platform than the more efficient proprietary platform: I'm never 4 hours away from a wall socket, and owning the machine I've payed for is pretty important to me.
Amazing analysis, info and video. Thanks!
Open source software: update and recompile and use chip direct. Linux should run very fast in new Mac mini.
"I'm just happy that the technology is moving"🙏😍
I hope AMD and nvidia will join the ARM game soon.
sorry that's bullshit, there compared there m1 chip to 2 years old i7 lowpower 1,2ghz and i3 chips which you can read on there own page in very small letter in ther very bottom. just saying. after jobs there got nothing right... sadly
From mobile phones Samsung Galaxy S8 to S20 maybe next one's to,if you use as how it is...is a mobile phone.If you use with samsung DEX (and obviously with a display) is a PC. So what Apple did !? They glued RAM/DIMM to cpu board to cpu metalic frame/lid to a small tablet/ipad motherboard then put it on a laptop foarm and they "changed entire industry"...
Replacing quality with hype is what Apple has been bringing to the industry since Wozniak created the Apple II and Jobs and co went full hubris and narcissistic mode.
The M1 is limited to 16 GB of RAM because it uses In-Package memory (the ram is part of the SoC). Clearly, 16 GB is not enough for a Mac Pro, so they will probably offer machines with (additional?) external RAM. The internal RAM essentially becomes another cache at that point (think L4).
All love
You are the best .and i mean it
All love ❤️
To me as a life long windows user, the Mac Mini M1 is very interesting. If its graphics performance was better, and it could run some of my favourite games, I would totally buy it. Why? Because it saves me a ton of energy. I live in Germany. And electricity here costs us way too much. 0.33€/kWh or 0.39$/kWh. Thats just nonsense for a 1st world country.
So interesting thanks!
TBF I think most of the power efficiency comes from the 5nm process.
Since half of the vid is a compactified history lesson, you might've mentioned that Apple's interest in using the early ARM processors was the cause for the actual ARM company being spun off from Acorn in the first place.
Now play a game on it.. Oh you cant?
Most of what you say is Apple bragging as the usually do. I'll wait for the products, and the prices...
I am thrilled to hear and see this💪👍
Nice to see somebody finally deliver the death knell to x86. I just hope similar ARM designs are adopted by Apple’s competitors pretty quickly,  or else we should brace ourselves for greedy price gouging by Apple executives on Apple products so long as they enjoy this decisive performance advantage
On top of all of this, AMD comes out with Ryzen 5000 series. Someone at Intel should wake the F up.
Yeah, very cool. I hope that decent manufacturers that don't try to force users into their disgusting lock in ecosystem will follow at some point. Until then, recent AMD stuff is also pretty awesome.
great video, have got the new air myself, and it's blowing away my 16-inch intel MacBook pro
I'm really disappointed in this video the mis information based on perceived performance vs actual bench marks of the chip have even convinced cold fusion that the m1 chip is faster than a desktop cpu, This is factually incorrect as it suffers from poor 3d and graphical performance but excels in file compression(it runs 70% of what a desktop cpu of similar specs can do). Different use cases. This like saying a quantum computer is 3 million times faster than a binary computur which simply isnt true.
Many of the more recent MacBook Pros had such horribly flawed cooling system designs - now they're finally delivering the processor to go in there and work without throttling :D
Well here I am thinking what will *Quantum CPU* will do to all these CPU.
And Apple still does not admit and cover the 2017 MacBook flex gate issues
Um, everything you showed to prove high performance was based almost 100% on hard drive speed rather than CPU.  I have a 7 year old Core I5 machine that I still use, and it's every bit as fast as this M1 Mac, but it's solely because of the XPG SX8200 Gen3x4 SSD in the PC.  If you want to compare something that shows a stark difference, try running the same video game on each platform, and you'll see that the M1 gets left far, far behind a modern CPU from AMD or Intel.
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
this is not really a win for us since apple can have more control over spying on us. people don't really own their own apple products, which is the trap you fall into when you buy one.
What is the point? The chip belong to shady company that allegedly will make your device slower on purpose , no thanks i will wait for someone else
Apples processors killing Intel , AMD is killing Intel ...... Its been a pretty bad 2020 year for intel.
There have been ARM powered windows computers and chromebooks long before apple made their switch.
Jesus @ColdFusion how much are you getting from the Mac guys to push this fucking ridiculous review??
so mac users can finally enjoy windows.
You have to remember Inter still uses 14nm chips and that 5nm is close to what is physically possible. intel took their position for granted and stopped making significant innovations.
if you want God to forgive you dont commet here just go to the church and pray.
You blew my mind when you showed, that a mobile CPU is faster than a high-end Desktop Gaming CPU! This only works in single core, but still
Terrible Video. UK bias. ARM was not the first RISC chip. Motorola, Berkley and IBM were the first. Hell ARM did not even catch up to the DEC Alpha for many years
ఆ ఆi love u girl.
So how much btc can I mine with this
This is what Apple has always done. It's sort like cars. Most people don't drive farther then ten miles a day. More than likely, they don't drive that much. So sure, you could power a car with a battery, that's a third the weight of the car. The battery takes for ever to charge. Won't run in the cold. The electric motor only works great, if you don't stress it, by putting more than two people in the car. My wife drives a mid size suv, and drive with six people in the car. Her average, one way trip is forty miles, then she turns around, and comes home. At night, we drive more, to go movies, which is twenty miles away. She recently bough a  treadmill, drove non stop for five hundrend mile to get it, and then turned around, to do another five hundred miles. You'll never do any of this in Tesla. This Apple "Thing", is only compared to lap top computers. Frig, most lap tops are gloyified tablets with keyboard. Sure, you're going to access face book, watch a few cat videos. Simple editing. Why not use ARM chips.
II bought a mac book 15 inch OMG 4 logic boards. But no viruses, I bought I phone 12 pro max OMG good sound good imaging No macro. abillity to use work flow to ad files photos music Word documents . Forget it . its taken me weeks to get my music in it and hours again to get my photos from my PCs MBP or Imac 2011 . you got to spend a fortune just to back it up. Can get a external pen drive to work on it , its cost my in apple leads and gadgets. APPLE WILL BRAK YOU if you have not got a fortune.
Superb!!
It's sad that Microsoft can't do this.
So let me get this straight.  They slapped an Ipad processor into a laptop and people are calling this revolutionary?  I'm sure it outperforms Windows-based tablets but an actual desktop processor?  I seriously doubt it.  I guess congrats on your Chromebook pro.  This coming from someone that owns a iPhone btw.
Quality Content as always .
I'm a Computer Systems Engineering student, and when this M1 MBP was announced I went and told my friends about it. The moment I mentioned Apple they just started dismissing what I was saying that this was a really big deal for the tech industry, just because they keep saying that it's not worth it and Apple is a trash company. I feel so frustrated that they can't understand what this means and the only see "numbers". I'm not the biggest Apple fan, but this is one of the products that I really wish to purchase from them.
You can literally run windows on the new m1
#righttorepair
I always thought RISC died with the IBM and the PowerPC... glad to see RISC is back and we as consumers can get the benefit.
Don’t forget that they purposely sabotage their older products to entice their customers to upgrade.
Can I keep my 3, 4K monitors on my Desktop.
If Apple will not sell or license this chip architecture, how can Windows survive? I'm sure that Microsoft could do the porting, but Apple doesn't want Windows on its hardware. Once you can run the major Steam games on Apple Silicon faster, who's staying with WINTEL? Maybe Microsoft building their own hardware is them noticing this problem
Wow, interesting and very informative for the less then savvy guy. Is it possible to put together a video about the various future applications? I’m not asking you to predict the future, rather outline the possibilities. Again great work!
This is clearly a shot at the bow of the "Right to Repair" groups!  Apple is so two faced! I'll never buy any of there products.  You couldn't give me one, I would sell it to what ever idiot wants it.  This chip is pretty cool, however, like I said first off. Furthermore, they suck the money out of people like a blood bank.
I feel like every Processor manufacturers is just killing Intel right now
Very good.
This is making me consider getting an macbook air as my non gaming computer.
So Intel can go ARM's way now ?
M1 on android
Cool but im not watching an entire half hour of this
The end of intel is near
Hmmmmm......apple returning to its RISC roots...........
AMD be like : *ho finnally a competition that no one can accept finnaly happend*.   *SUPERSAYEN NOISES*   BOYS THE BATTLE IS GONNA BE EPIC AND LEGENDARY.
I don't understand how there was a continuation of the X86 philosophy of frivolous equations - what equations are we talking about? like unused programs? how did this not change in 30 years? what equations did they keep?
> if a someone you didn’t know sends you a link to a website saying...  “look at what they did to your photos...”  > you click on the link and it takes you to an odd looking, realistic google website and it tells you to put your username and password.  what will you do next??
Changing the entire industry? Oh, give me a break.
How many of these faster chips with the proper programming would it take to mimic one Q bit?  Could the mime ever reach the speed of the Q bit even if the architecture and programming could mimic it?
Eye opening. Competitive products will benefit all of us consumers.
All I can say is WOW! I hate the Iphone, my missus uses it and it just does my head in, but I have previously owned a MacBook Air and loved it! This i will defo be buying! it would be a true upgrade from my now ageing Macbook. Finally a big tech company makes a giant leap in innovation.
Microsoft will see the CISC architecture as a dead end and put their efforts Windows ARM.  X86 "legacy" apps will run through emulators.  We will have folding laptop-tablets that weigh 1.5 lbs and world consumption of energy for computing drop to half.  I'm viewing this video via a $50 Raspberry Pi and will likely not buy an X86 computer again.
What IS worth RIDICULE is that while all this has and is going on, which seems great but isn't because, child abuse and damages from child abuse did occur and still occurs while so much time and effort was placed on improving technology instead or ahead of addressing humanities greatest failure and/or follie.  With all the technological advancements that has occurred and is occuring, humanity hasn't advanced at all in treating children in manners that improve humanity, stops and prevents betrayals and barbaric acts and support and participation in and perpetuation of Child Abuse, Bullying, Hypocrisy, Extortion, Negligence, Maltreatment, Fraud, Corruption, Poisoning children and the planet that sustains our lives with drugs that harm and pollution that may never naturalize.  So pat yourself and others on the back while suicide, murder, suffering, torment and torture still occurs - all at the hands of yourself, your parents, and their parents and so on.
I think the Fujitsu A64FX might become a serious contender for the M1 in the future Note: It can happen if the Fujitsu A64FX going commercial in the future
How ARM  Changed the Entire Industry
Why is everyone comparing Apple to Intel? What about Apple to AMD?
Proud to be an Apple Fanboy ®
Apple prices have been at ridiculous levels for many years.  What's new?
Big disruption to Intel!
......no matter how good it is,.......the PRICE is killing all the real fun for the big FAMILY [ you and me ]............those view sand wire and typing is not that expensive . Look :   100.000.00 X € 850 =xxx  now we do;  5 Billion  X€ 100 = .x.x.x.x.x.x.x. a lot more ... no? Yes?...... they sound smart  but are they ?....... he/she Apple[s] .....and B.Gates must be "friends" in a Dark way. All is based on lies people don't let them use You as they see fitt....just saying [no harm intent here]  oh yes Thumbs Down.
Reality check: AMD leads, not Intel AMD also going to 5nm in their next line of products and also promising big performance gains. Apple gets their silicon from TSMC, as AMD does also. Geekbench is a useless benchmark for many reasons. The single core performance is meaningless because single core is only important for gaming, and these chips are a million miles away from being good enough for AAA titles at high resolutions and settings. In multi-core they're still a good way behind a budget gaming CPUs on 7nm so will be even further behind when AMD go to the same 5nm silicon Apple's clout allowed them to grab first. This will be the case going forwards where Apple's clout will get them the newest silicon but it will won't be enough to overhaul the gap, which will then be subsequently re-established when AMD move onto the same node.  While there are clear benefits of a system on a chip design and those benefits will outweigh the drawbacks for the majority, it does come at the expense of expandability, which will inhibit power users who might have otherwise been drawn in by the combination of portability, power and affordability.   Positives It is a move towards desktop performance in laptops and without breaking the bank.  It's definitely an improvement on lacklustre performance from Intel and this move definitely makes sense for Apple. Most people who want to use OS X will see exceptional real world performance gains in using M1 devices if they're unconcerned by the privacy concerns in Big Sur - which are not inherently related to the M1 but instead the OS they will have to be run on.
Intel died like boeing because they let biz executive run a engineerings Co
Thanks for sharing.   😉👌🏼
The funny thing is that under the bonnet, a lot of the larger CISC instructions on an x86 computer are translated to more simple instructions which run on actual transistors.  Also, I wonder how much of the advantages of the M1 are to do with things like memory placement being on the SOC instead of as separate chips on the mainboard, and how much is pure core design. Obviously Apple have a bunch of really talented engineers and decent management.
But are the Ryzens faster?
M1 should only be in macbook air. Macbook pro 13 should be with something like M1X(12 core cpu(4hp 8lp or vice versa) and macbook pro 16 should be M1X with big navi or something called M1Z with 12 core for both cpu and gpu  That way, Apple can sell those 3 macs in three different phase, and each phase will sell like hotcakes without eating each other, that way also could give em more time to develop and refine M2 series
Jensen Huang and shareholders are rubbing their hands
16:03 I have no doubt arm is amazing and the future. But , I have to point out that Jonathan morrison comparing iphone mini video encode vs his iMac is *utterly misleading*.  That is not comparing cpu vs cpu performance, but rather cpu vs hardware accelerated performance. There are videos out there comparing apples to apples for reference. Please do something about it.
Idgaf about apple and tablets. For me the "killer app" is the increasing support for Arm64 in linux distros.
The government already has way more advance in technology than what is being portrayed in this video. Everything was planned by Cabal family. We, as human that only knows 3 dimensional plane can only thibk about linear timeline and subconsciously, acknowledge everything. The ultimate objective of this family is AI, control the humanity, spread fear, and reduce the population particularly, those who are in adult, middle age and elderly. We need to take care our children, those who are still in teenagers or below, as without our care, they will be the AI and controlled humanity in the future
How Apple just changed the entire industry? Easy: creating a zillion of neophytes that repeat "they changed the industry" in every social network.
first time apple did good job..they must produce desktop processors too...then fukd up intel like how Ryzen is doing
let's compare apples to oranges.  Apple 5nm AMD 7nm (TSMC chip fab) Intel 10nm Wonder why they could be faster even with a 25% software handicap. What you don't do in hardware must be done in software and is still being written. Equals lack of support in software packages. Time and money will tell. By the way, TSMC is working on 2nm die process, oops. The Apple M1 chip is not RISC CPU but an APU with RISC cores. It is custom silicon for phone, tablet, and laptop with limited hardware (single display).  Intel wants a new size measurement. nm size is single transistor length. They want chip transistor density to be the new measurement. Unknown if this will help, like the disassociation to GHz as a performance measurement. Intel is falling behind in the fab tech processes(Magic). The nm process is all manufacturing secrets with a lot of voodoo magic tech/art-feel thrown in.
Holy shit Apple innovating? Not just robbing everyone with the same shit product every year, while treating their own costumers like crap?  Pigs must be flying outside.
The competition is already blowing in their neck though. Both Qualcomm and Samsung and even Huawei (HiSilicon) were only half a generation behind in raw performance with mobile chips. But Apple had this long game in mind when they were pushing the A10+ architectures as much as they did. They decided they'll bid farewell to Intel years ago which is why they were pushing ARM to it's limits, which other mobile manufacturers didn't do because they simply didn't have the market (Samsung and Huawei both sell negligible amount of laptops and desktops). But Samsung at the very least is primed for this and they have fabs that are also neck's lenght behind TSMC, they are in IoT and datacenter business so even though they don't need beefy arm for mobiles they might do it for datacenter, and Nvidia owns ARM now, they already have Intel and especially AMD "on aim", and presence in datacenter with their AI chips. They are very likely to rush to supply ARM for Windows and Linux OEMs.
Open source software: update and recompile and use chip direct. Linux should run very fast in new Mac mini.
As much as I have avoided owning an Apple product till now, I feel compelled to try the new Laptops from apple. I am astonished.
Open source software: update and recompile and use chip direct. Linux should run very fast in new Mac mini.
I'm happy that ARM is becoming more relevant in consumer products, but I'm hoping it doesn't happen too fast, I just bought a new intel laptop and won't be able to afford another one for quite some time
Nah bruh, can't agree with this shit, yeah apple is using X64 architecture in low power computers like laptops and mini itx desktops but we know that arm's instruction set is much more smaller and less complicated than x86 and therefore can't be used where sustainable power is neede like desktops computers and by the time X64 processors become the normal, cloud computing like Google's quantum computers will become the norm and we wouldn't need powerful CPUs inside a small portable machine like laptops, atleast with good internet and upcoming 5G and in development 6G, I don't think you've done enough research about X64 or about silicon valley in general before making this video, but yeah intel and amd both made X64 based processors in 2001-03 but couldn't continue because of softwares and compatibility, and with more and more of our society depending on the internet, movie/video streaming, gradually increasing game streaming like xcloud, nvidia GeForce play or something, cloud computing is gonna become the norm nor apple's X64 based arm processors and not to mention nvidia is buying arm lol. But I guess who cares, as long I'm alive this is probably the first time ever and apple computer is outperforming any similarly priced windows computer or more like laptops, I guess congrats for having a slightly faster computer for few years before cloud computing takes over the world lol after paying shit ton for over priced crap with imessage and air drop 🤣🤣🤣
Lmao! Illiterate YouTube channel mentioned another noob YouTuber named Jonathan...
Next step, Intel and AMD combines companies to compete with Apple =D
When they drop this chip on a single board computer the era of docking will take over the industry.
#ELÚLTIMOTOURDELMUNDO ✨  ¿Cuál es tu favorita? https://elultimotourdelmundo.com
I extensively used an Acorn Archimedes with an ARM2 in 1988 for a software company developing applications for the machine. It had a multitasking windows system. Developed and built in Cambridge UK. I also had a handbuilt development machine with an original Arrabelle CPU.
Should I sell my shares of Intel?  What do you think?
There's an irony in the used of the image of a Commodore Pet @1:51 whilst talking about desktop computers and x86 architecture. That computer used the MOS 6502 processor and, if anything, it was that which inspired the original developers of the ARM architecture who had used the same processor on the BBC micro designed by Acorn. The 6502 had a very stripped-down design, and whilst it was not exactly a RISC processor, it was markedly simple compared to the 8086 that appeared 3 years later. Following a visit to the USA developers, the Acorn team realised that it didn't take a huge team to design a stripped-down processor, and hence ARM was born.  One point that is also missed in the history part of this video is that when ARM was split off from Acorn, it was as a joint venture between Acorn, Apple and VLSI technologies. It was money raised by this that allowed the development of the architecture and the targeting of the low power market.  Apple were to sell their shares later when they needed the money for other investments. What helped make ARM so successful was not so much the inherent advantages of their particular RISC architecture, but the licensing model and their perceived neutrality in that they did not produce end-user gear. In essence, it was extremely cheap for mass market products. The same is not true of Intel processors, which are highly proprietary (save where licences are held by other fabricators - now, essentially, meaning AMD). Intel got rich being able to charge premium prices into what was largely a captive marked as long as they could stay just ahead of the compatible competition. Intel were never set up to make money the way that ARM did. The latter was, in terms of turnover and capital value, a minnow. Even now, based on what Nvidia are prepared to pay, Intel is still worth six times ARM. I don't think Intel could have survived on the thin margin business that ARM specialised in.  A further irony is that RISC chips are no longer that simple. There are many, specialist instruction extensions which are aimed at particular aspects of commonly used functions, often aimed at graphics. However, these haven't emerged from producing a grand, do it all generalised computer architecture, but specific needs that have been determined through experience.
sadly, Dagogo, there are too many people who've become brand loyalist instead of brand agnostic. i've told people before: i use what is best for my current wants and needs; the brand, tech, ideology, etc., doesn't matter as much. thanks for the exposé.
Meh, these ARM CPUs are decent for mobile use, but they are not even close to desktop chips when it comes to productivity or gaming. I'll take an x86 like r9 5950x in by desktop over any arm chip.
Morning brew 😂
Changed what, arm is still arm, x64 is still x64. Cloud is still server....
Sounds great. Too bad Apple treats its customers like crap overcharging for repairs among many other issues.
Tiger lake rivals.
I think because Apple is always hyped about their new stuff and the "best we've ever done" thing, the M1 wasn't that famous at the beginning.. I watched the live event but was like "meh.. another revolution that is not really a revolution", kind of the boy who cried wolf, you know? But seeing how even the PC people are impressed by this, I'm starting to believe that finally some real revolution has been made! Hope they keep doing this, just like the old good times..
short $INTC
Apple changed nothing. Apple just conned people.
hardware exeleration only works if you have the codecs in use. once they are outdated your device will not work for that h.265etc
well i guess it was qcom that changed the industry. apple just did it better.
Nokia 6600 Gold memories
as fast as some desktop cpu's? that your claim? lol
Never use any Apple service or product, If they close tomorrow it won't change my life... (If Google shut, I'm in big trouble) but my next laptop probably will be my first Macbook
Lol, those old Intel Pentium adverts take me back. I still remember my PowerPC Mac and being a very impressed junior high schooler. Then I built my own Pentium PC and fell out of love for Apple.
Between Intel lacking in all performance and also having backdoors (like Spectre and a more recent 'version' of Spectre [which I personally like to call Spicule!]), I have to wonder if Apple's processors will be trustworthy or also eventually find backdoors. Maybe AMD will always have to be necessary for the most personal protection and ownership, even when/while ARM gets even more crazy.
i wish game devs would make games for risc os and arm computers.
My only queation... Why isn't Apple's stock up higher on this news? 🤣
will other company that make computer(windows) will stop using intel am looking forward
so means waiting for Arm chips in the 16" Macbook Pro
dis bruh said he uses an android (insert hella laughy emojis)
hahah Intel is becoming irrelevant hilarious, hilarity achieved in 2020 what a bizarre year. iPhone 12 Bionic A14 chip - $40 per unit Intel 10900k $700 per unit  Intel didnt think it would be profitable to develop arm for iphones hahahahahahahahahahahahahha how expensive will going bankrupt be for your shareholders intel? hahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahaha youtube.com/watch?v=dvNzuj79jRM Let me put my $1200 stimulus on intel puts hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah let it ride no bottom in sight.  Interestingly with the advent of the 3d printing of conductive material traces as well as 3d metal printing advances means that already the 200 million weaponized legged combat drones described in the 5 billion copies of the Bible could theoretically be 3d printed in large part, companies/governments like Google which owns boston dynamics and China are already prototyping the 6th trumpet 200 million weaponized legged combat drones engineering and software engineering, meanwhile it looks like apple and samsung are developing the arm processors chips for the 200 million weaponized legged combat drones.   youtube.com/watch?v=Qp88yT2NM2Y&t=20s  youtube.com/watch?v=M8YjvHYbZ9w youtube.com/watch?v=3ygFeywrvjc youtube.com/watch?v=OuF9weSkS68   200 million x $40=$8billion, so the brain chip of the 200 million weaponized legged combat drones described in the bible could be as inexpensive as an A14 chip $40 per unit, mankind is so stupid.  Revelation 9:14 Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are bound in the great river Euphrates. 15 And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men. 16 And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred thousand thousand: and I heard the number of them. 17 And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone. 18 By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths. 19 For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails were like unto serpents, and had heads, and with them they do hurt. 20 And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk: 21 Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts.  I didnt think the  200 million weaponized legged combat drones would be x86 based.
@2:50 lol what? He's comparing two completely different programs, thats Lightroom on the Mac and Photoshop on the PC. Photoshop is a resource hog and Lightroom is super efficient on any computer. Not to mention two completely different photos are open in the programs.
ya and it only costs $10K and you have to sign an agreement to never over anything but APPLE products for life..never have anything " repaired " only replaced and ...oh what else....you're first born child. You know, to work in their chinese sweatshops. NOPE!!
The chip is great. The locked in OS/Store is the problem. Can we get that chip on a Linux or Windows PC? That would be ideal. Or, maybe Apple will change and allow their system to be open to open source.
Now if apple just stops ripping off their customers they would easily dominate the market
In the words of Phil Schiller, “Can’t innovate anymore, my ass!”
Oh cmon, it did not.
Apple took the RISC so that the future is more energy efficient 🤗
"opening apps is faster than my desktop" Excuse me? It took you 3 seconds to open chrome. What kind of desktop do you have excuse me?
Crap comparison.  When you have a fully blown OS vs a cut down GUI engine there's no comparison.  x86 has been honed for OS and multithreading.  ARM hasn't.  ARM has bad cache coherency and inter processor communications.  x86 kills ARM in this respect.  From a multi processor system and compute system x86 scales for GPU/PPU.  ARM Doesn't.
For the first time in a decade I’m actually interested in Apple.
But can it run Crisis?
The example with video encoding is just wrong, it shows performance of hardware accelerated video encode not CPU.
re stocks - how can investors make money on this shift without buying AAPL shares which are expensive.  What smaller companies will benefit from this M1 innovation?
On top of all of this, AMD comes out with Ryzen 5000 series. Someone at Intel should wake the F up.
you kids are fools, new chip - new, unprecedented level of data collection, new, unprecedented level of control; but you love it, enjoy :)
They really said “Minecraft Bedrock vs Minecraft Java”
Science” & “Technology” [ST] is NOT for some-kinda “Egomaniac”/Human/”Thinker” to increment his-her “Mental-Efforts”/Ritualism-Abandonment/”Ego-SuperEgo” [especially when there is NO such a thing as “The-Minds”, which is NOT “The-Brain”, "The-Minds being “Mythical” in Reality], ST is merely-for enabling “The-InVisible”/Reality to become “Visible”/Material. For example. With “The-Electron-Microscope”, what was “InVisible” is now “Visible”, although “Doctors” and their kind are still trying to sustain their “Saviourship-Issues” via “Masochism"/The-Abandoned. That of instituting “Myths” through “The-Worship-of-Mentalised-Issues”.  As such, via “Knowledge” [there is NO such thing when "Knowledge" is Relative-to-Absoluteness], ST are able to “Own”/Promote an Issue instead of being Truthful/”Moral” about said Issue. Meaning that by promoting/”bedazzling” via a problem, ST are merely extending/”stretching” The-Problem instead of solving said Problem.   As such, by promoting a problem via The “Minds”/”Ego-SuperEgo”, instead of resovling a problem, said problem will be “binned”/relegated into “The-Minds" for "Posterity-Sake” instead of allowing The-Realised Brain to resolve the-problem “For-Good”.   Without The-Ability to realise that The-Minds/”Thinking” are/is mythical, “People” [especially “The-Young”] will seldom be able to “See-The-InVisible” resulting in ST being a DisAdvantage instead of being an Advantage, much like the current fad about resolving “CoVid-19” via a strong Immune-System [by Developing/"UnCovering" one’s Wisdom/Innocence/Chastity], “Da-Authorities” are merely assisting “their” constantly-greedy [for whatever reason] “Strange-Bedfellows”/GaZillionaires/"Saviourship-Issues" through buying their “Vaccines” [for “Vaccination”] using “Others-Munay” [which NOBODY {becuz eets “Other-Peoples’-Money, remember} cares-about when said “Vaccines” become useless/”wasted”]. More-so when ALL know that ALL “Born” will have to “Die” {except when The-Motto is “Forevah-Young-via-ST”}, another-name for “Industry” being “Other-Peoples’-Money”.   You know, when The-Hypocrisy is ALL-About Sell,Sell,Sell [which merely means “Buy,Buy,Buy-via-Easy-Go”. Therefore ANYTHING Real will become UnReal when The Reality/”ONLY-Energy-Creator” is Nevah, Evah, considered/mentioned. [For whatever reason]. For example, “Climate-Change”, Nevah, Evah, considers “The-Sun” other than “Scientists-&-Technologists”/Fame,Fortune&ImMortality/”ST”. Except when “Nazis” successfully became “Jews” [due-to their Perennial-Kontribution to “Jewish-Causes”] by  mentioning “Here-&-There”, the cultivation of “Nature”. Of course.
Even without Edison we will have Tesla. Why ARM is not praised as the one who reinvented the world but Apple?
I feel like every Processor manufacturers is just killing Intel right now
Apple is the leader, as usual.
Feel even worse for Gary Kildall today :( Time to redeem the lost future for real engineers.
The fact that the M1 isn't good enough for the 16" MBP tells me everything that I need to know. Also, the 16GB RAM limit is ridiculous in almost 2021. Why would I replace my 2018 and 2019 units that have 32GB of RAM? 👎
Wonderful video. But excuse me, how the heck does a processor operate without being connected to power? I find that hard to believe.
Apple is blowing up the tech community but we clearly still see that APPLE IS NOT FOR GAMING
And your still left with the "it will cost to much to fix. just replace it" Who cares if the neighbors car goes faster if it can't be repaired and needs replaced because of a flat tire. Or we can fix that tire but we need to replace the frame in order to fix it.
1.5k linus fans disliked the video
Beautiful video congrats
Pcmr triggered in less than 60 secs
I keep wondering how much longer must we wait for the ancient x86 architecture to give way to its much more efficient successor, RISC. I had heard though that with Windows desktops and laptops, that might mean RISC-V rather than ARM. I doubt there is much difference hardware wise but RISC-V has the advantage of no royalties, which means lower prices. I lost interest to some degree in ARM when it moved to 64 bits and lost most of its peculiar and innovative architectural features, such as conditional instructions. I doubt there is much substantial difference between 64bit ARM and RISC-V. Either would be nice.
yeah, but its still apple. Perfect for anyone who wants Big Brother controlling and charging for everything you do. It will be a revolution when apple lets the owners of their products use sd cards and external drives...
"Intel's inside", hiding from Apple's M1
Just in case you don't know it, Android and Apple both are based on Linux. So the real operating system is Linux.
You should work on your sound quality. It's very painful to listen to.  pfffpffff  kssssssss kssss pfe pfe pfe
M1 can’t run Google backup and sync
I hate this Video, I think Apple should roll over and Die. Im sure it can be fixed for a price.
Well bye bye Right to Repair act.
all intels fault and failliure.. all they did was bring out updated minor minor upgrades to the i5 i7 with their generations of bs.. when they have the tech to bring out way better chips for similar prices, they kept their profit high pushed actual old piece of shit tech out there.  im glad apple ditched them even though i have a 16 inch intel macbook. this is a lesson for them intel should work harder, stop pushing old shitty tech to us. they will end up like nokia hopefully.
Sooooo are we gonna see Windows 10 licensed for ARM or what?
Holy shit.... apple finally innovated!  What timeline are we in?!  Im excited what this will mean for the whole pc industry as a whole, and for standalone VR headsets.
Slave labor...
Ok. But why in this case MediaTek and Qualcomm processors so slow when we are talking about PC?
No mention of RISC V?
What did they do? Add 2 thunderbolt ports to an iPhone?
about time we saw some decent innovation- this is the goal of capitalism lol
Bitcoin is the future of cryptocurrency and the questions potential traders/investors ask themselves now is if this is the right time to invest? well, before jumping into conclusion i think you should take a look at things first. for the past few days the price of Bitcoin has been fluctuating between $17- $18- $19k which means the market is currently positively unstable and you can't tell if it is going bearish or bullish. while others still continue to trade without the fear of loosing, others are being patient. it all depends on the pattern with which you trade and also the source of your signals. i would say trading has been going smoothly for me after accumulating over 6.7BTC in just two weeks, with the trading strategy given to me by Princess Mai Fujimoto (the bitcoin princess from japan).  her methods are top notch and profitable. I am still applying her trading system and Y'all can do same. You can reach out to her for her guidance using her personal email. princessmaifujimoto@gmail.com
Everyone: M1 is faast! Me: Here's to Black Mirror getting real...
Never new ARM was Acorn. Mind blown. I remember when they released the "Electron" which appeared to be a copy of the BBC Micro.
gee what part of the word short as in short of AMD (ryzen) gen 3. Given gen 4 is out and much faster apple's chip not likely to get anywhere near AMD's chip. I've been around RISC chips for decades and it comes down to something I learned out of grad school working on a POS banking app that used PDP-11's that they blew the hw budget on booze so no FP accelator ie couldn't do decminals fractions etc. So for most business apps you will need a CISC chip even it's a PCODE like the ALPHA or x86 as pure RISC can't cut it (hello packed decimal math in COBOL as customers don't like getting credited 999.66666666666). So for phones and overpriced laptops using code that leans toward Floating Point instructions, but not enterprize computing. Also ARM can't do real paralelle computing well. Trying comparing the apple M chip vs AMD's threadripper saying storing into 128TB Oracle database table.  I really don't see the M chip offering 128 threads.
this is clear and succint infomation thaks
Is this the same ARM which Nvidia wants to acquire?
The video could have mentioned that Apple invested heavily in acorn before it became ARM, so Apple saw ARM as the future way before it even existed. They used it with the Newton, which was the iPad just 10 years earlier and it flopped.
I watched few videos of this new revolution ''M1' on different channels, understanding little. ColdFusion just showed me what I need to know. Thanks ColdFusion for making things simpler
I wish we could have that chip on non-apple products as well. Some Windows and Linux running on it. I guess we will need to wait for the other ARM designs to catch up and offer desktop-grade silicon. It is not too far as well.
You are comparing apples and oranges...
Simps giving props to Apple for this :')
This is not surprising or groundbreaking in any way. This is just the natural progression of things. Apple is the first to do it (not really) on a mass scale just because it is easiest to execute on a platform you have complete control over. ARM will replace Intel in ALL tech markets eventually. It's only a matter of time.
:') The clips from people used here is all Apple fanboy garbage. I was hoping for more with an intro like that. Already existing mobile processing being brought to laptops is "The most groundbreaking thing to happen in the last decade". Then straight into a comparison of a surface and a MBP, except its actually a comparison between photoshop and lightroom. Two different programs. The surface is and always has been trash anyway so even if it wasn't a shitty comparison to begin with, not saying much. Then someone just saying oh yeah, it's fast. Then showing the inner design of the Macbook 12.. the WORST design in the history of designs. That's the first 4 minutes in a video about how Apple is making a shift from EXISTING x86 technology to EXISTING ARM technology. They've spent the last 4 years simplifying and dumbing down their software to soften the blow to their customers for the day that they realise their laptop is a glorified phone. People are trusting Apple to take this technology and make more powerful, well-priced machines but Apple will do what Apple does and use it to make more profit for less cost. If ARM ever becomes the norm it will not be the ARM that is around today. If it is, it will require the additional hardware that would make up for what it lacks next to x86 anyway.
BUT DOES IT MINE CRYPTO GOOD? can 50 of them power car to self drive . hmmm
In this case Apple did not change everything, but Acorn did. In 1987.
do you actually think that with Apples history of shafting it to the little guy with huge prices they will not take enormous advantage of this at the cost of the little guy. Do not be fooled by Apple, they have always been about fooling the masses into the "cool" at high cost.
Mac started with RISC processor the Power processor from IBM/Motorolla
There are a number of factual errors in this video, starting with the claims that the M1 is a mobile chip (it's not) and that the M1 is based on the ARM architecture. Again, it's not. There is a reason why the Apple A-series chips have been blowing the ARM-architecture chips in almost every other device (mostly Android) out of the water. From the Snapdragon to the Exynos, not a single ARM chip comes anywhere near the performance, with equivalent Ax chips at least 400% faster (and often more). The Apple Silicon chips are NOT based on the ARM reference architecture. Instead, they merely utilize the ARM reference instruction set (the list of commands the CPU performs). While ARM also published a reference hardware architecture, the hardware to implement those commands, that almost all other manufacturers use to design their chips, unlike those other manufacturers, Apple does NOT use the ARM reference architecture. Instead, the internal architecture of the Ax and Mx chips was entirely designed in-house by Apple. The statements made in this video get the facts 180° backward. Apple did not get an architectural license from ARM to design their own chip. This doesn't even makes sense! You don't buy a license to an architecture just to throw it away and develop your own! This video ignores this fact, comparing Apple Silicon chips to Intel, but neglecting to make the also important comparison to other ARM designs, leaving the impression that the benefits here comes solely from the ARM architecture vs Intel, RISC vs CISC, when, in fact, Intel still outperforms ALL other ARM architecture chips in terms of top speed, and the story here is just as much Apple Silicons proprietary architecture and chip design as much or more as it is from anything having to two with the benefits of RISC instruction sets over CISC.
the fure will tell ..
The annual Global Thunder exercise has been directed to pass over the New Madrid region this year for obvious reasons. The tension in the rock, which has been shown to be emitting microwaves in the soft rock south of New Madrid and Sulphur Dioxide at Saint Louis, is alarming. Missouri, Louisiana, and Tennessee were targeted for surveillance by the B-52 Stratofortress. These planes are outfitted with radar and infrared and related electronic scans. The Stratofortress B-52s were scanning the hard rock on either side of New Madrid in Missouri and Tennessee.  Beyond the microwave hot spots recorded recently, the tension shows up on Carbon Monoxide charts. In early 2017 the CO readings showed the Ramapo Fault Line fracturing. Now in late 2020 this same fault line is again showing a high reading, with related fracture points on the San Andreas along the West Coast, at the Continental Divide in Colorado, and the Tennessee/Alabama region likewise show stress. As we have stated, the New Madrid rupture is going to start before the end of 2020, and all signs point to this!  Indeed, in 2017 the Ramapo Fault Line on the border of Pennsylvania and New Jersey was emitting a tremendous amount of Carbon Monoxide. Per the Zetas, this was showing stress on the New Madrid, as the Ramapo and New Madrid parallel each other in this region. Now once again we have heavy CO emissions in that same area. A CO release also occurred in western Kansas in 2020 where heaving from the New Madrid pressure occurred.  The Ramapo Fault Line parallels the New Madrid Fault Line, so would indeed be an indication of the amount of stress the New Madrid is experiencing at this time. The continental rip at the Chesapeake Bay is due to this area absorbing the bulk of the ripping action during the bow stress, as this is a thin crust region.  Why is the New Madrid adjustment significant?   As can be noted by an examination of earthquakes worldwide, the N America Plate cannot relieve its endemic internal or external stresses without some kind of breakage.   The NA Plate has a flattened top – a straight line from northern Japan across the Far East and through the Arctic over to Greenland. It cannot roll. MOST NOTABLE : The arm going across the Aleutian Islands refuses to snap due to this structural reason or influence.  Except for the creep of the San Andreas, N America seems (aka gives the fake appearance of) being quake free.   But the New Madrid adjustment will be devastating for the interior. Tearing all the bridges that cross the Mississippi and carry gas and oil pipelines from the Gulf to the East Coast.   What does this do to the North American Plate?   The NA Plate will pull it at a diagonal, ripping the rock fingers along the New Madrid fault such that the land to the East of the Mississippi moves up and to the East, toward New England, and the land to the West of the Mississippi moves down and to the West. This kind of differential movement does way more than tear most of the bridges along the Mississippi.   Unlike the West Coast of the US, the East Coast is not prepared for earthquakes. Cities from the Gulf up along the New Madrid Fault Line to Chicago and thence under the Seaway through Illinois and Indiana and Ohio will be devastated. Then there are the associated fault lines – the East Coast Fault Line that comes across Alabama and up through Georgia and the Carolinas all the way to the New England states. This adjustment will be sudden and ruthless and affect the entire eastern half of the US.  ZetaTalk Prediction 2010: It is known by man that the New Madrid Fault line runs beyond the immediate area of New Madrid. When we stated that "Chicago will rupture and adjust" and "Ohio will be pulled in places" this should not be news to man. The New Madrid runs up along the Seaway, to the mouth of the Seaway, and thus will rupture any land it passes through. Plot its course and consider that more than the fault line itself will be disrupted. The areas to be affected have already been experiencing quake swarms, buckling roadways, sinkholes, breaking dams, and unsettling jigging which is unexplained by the authorities. When the primary blockage gives, there will be a huge jolt, with little warning. Aftershocks will continue until the time of the pole shift itself.  This will be quickly followed by a devastating tsunami heading for Europe. This tsunami event will have a minor kickback toward the North American Eastern Coastline.   The Atlantic Ocean Region will have a crustal ripping event open around the Azores region.   Is it any wonder that Europe is imposing draconian Covvy-Dixneuf lockdowns at this time?  All signs from the rock affected by the New Madrid tugging are emitting Hydrogen Sulfide (h2s), Carbon Monoxide (co), microwaves, and electronic screech (via grand scale piezoelectric effects)?  Whatever can snap to relieve the pressure has already snapped.  It is now time for the hard rock at New Madrid Rift Systems to start unzipping.  The European elites know of this coming disaster festival.
If you like a pc with the power of a phone... go for it
thank for the vid
What would an ATLANTIC TSUNAMI and NEW MADRID RIFT do to the world economy?  (Difficulty Scale 9.7 Logarithmic)   -- Parts of IRELAND and UK and DENMARK would be substantially wiped out ... -- Parts of the BALTIC also so no BALTIC DRY INDEX for a while ...  -- The New Madrid aka Reelfoot Rift System rifts for about 3 years straight ... -- A 50 km Sea Ocean Gap between the US Eastern Time Zone and rest of the continent may exist afterward ...  -- Atlantic / Caribbean / Baltic / North Sea NAVIES and Sea Maritime Commerce == Kaput  -- Electricity to run computers much? I have no idea ...   Notable plate activity for 01 DEC 2020 UT time   -- Dutchsense : 11/28/2020 -- Whole plates shifting in one days time -- Major seismic unrest due next several days    AND ALSO   Global Thunder exercises with B-52s happen every year, but for this year they are being conducted over the town of New Madrid. Scanners tracking the whereabouts of these giant B-52s show they are over Little Rock in the Ozarks and on the other side of the Mississippi in Tennessee south of Memphis. Eight behemoths were engaged in this New Madrid exercise. What were they up to? The answer lies in the B-52 detection capabilities. They scan in infrared, which might include the ability to detect Carbon Monoxide emissions. They scan with radar and state they have various electro-optical scans, which implies the ability to detect microwave and magnetic fields.  The electronic screech that ---- frequently has mentioned increases as rock is under pressure either from being pulled apart or compressed. This pressure squeezes air bubbles out of the rock, allowing electricity to pass through the rock more readily. It is well known that radio will have a lot of static at the epicenter of a pending quake in the days before the quake. Radar shows many of these signatures, from the radar circles that manifested in 2010 from magneton clumping in Australia to the MIMIC microwave particle flows arching from the crunch point of Africa to the Antarctic Plate.
Still won't be able to convert me from Windows. Not going to enter their closed ecosystem where I'm unable to fix and upgrade my PC myself
How about quantum computing? What architecture are they using?
Truly this is nothing to talk about as if it truly is surprising. It should be termed corporate harmony. e.g. One simply keep selling gas; not until someone come along and says I have a better way to propel vehicles, but until the powers says, ok you can do it and now have the go ahead to do so. Imaging of this occurred in GE's and or At&t's territorial grounds.
I think this may be Apples downfall, its not a problem with the architecture. The current product quality is pretty terrible. My latest macbook pro is the worst I've ever owned.  They are switching to cheap mobile hardware for all devices and keeping the final product prices sky high. It is essentially a decent chromebook with osx and a huge markup slapped on top.
Good assessment of Apple Silicon.. I can personally attest to Desktop capabilities using my iPhone 11. While I await my IPad 8 I have setup e-commerce stores and do admin executions as well as light video editing outdoing and accomplishing more with the device than most who have Laptops and desktops.. Insane..
Great video. I learned a lot. thanks :)
AMD has been beating Intel for the last 5 years.  My desktop and laptop (both ASSUS) have AMD chips and only my HP Chromebook has intel.  The Chromebook is for email and reading online publications (NYTimes, WaPo etc,). The two ASSUS machines are for professional photo editing.  Part of the difference is GPU quality
Ryzen was revolutionary... this is what 5 years later? When Mac allow me to even open one of their products without it costing me a fortune I will consider them. I can freely upgrade my CPU without having to change the MotherBrd .I have support for a wide range of GPU's which Mac doesnt. And years of working in design studios shows me the myth that they (Mac) dont crash is just that. Hype and nonsense
And why Sony has chosen AMD x86_64 against ARM for his console?
So many washed brains here. I`m out of here.
Apple is blowing up the tech community but we clearly still see that APPLE IS NOT FOR GAMING
What about PowerPC (RISC too) and problem with production? Apple switched from super-duper RISC into bad-wrong CISC (INTEL) :-D Why don't switched into ARM? BTW x86_64 inside is RISC.
2:56 its manipulation, surface pro x is based on ARM and PS is in Intel Code
Hmm, wasn’t there something in a film about a company making super performance chips and it turned out that they had a chip set from a T umpteen thousands killer terminator?? This starts to become a bit fishy? Somehow science fiction is turning out to being science fact. Beware people don’t forget to wear the tin foil hat so they cannot scan our brains!!!     LoL
It’s a bit hyped I feel. Not to mention many other manufacturers are looking at the mobile processors for laptop.  I think the big thing is unfortunately for me apple iOS is far better optimized then other OS same for iOS. But their hardware will always be way over prices. Laptop manufactures will always sell better performance per dollar than Mac, because their so overpriced per performance. That doesn’t mean photoshop might not open faster in Mac OS but for heavier tasks I think other laptops will always out perform Mac on the level of dollar vs performance. Mac will just always feel faster due to faster OS. To bad it’s also a shit os that tries to stop you from doing anything other than the 5 approved things otherwise it would be a great OS that professionals and the business world might actually use more.
Why so many dislikes?
do not care, never bought an apple, never will, laptop, phone or desktop, always more expensive and not upgrade, this will not change as the underlying philosophy of Apple has not changed and thus I will NEVER buy their overpriced crap.
AMD still #1 for now.
Competition builds better mouse traps.
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
The more you spoke, the more it became clear your understanding of the technology and industry was...shallow. Apple is closing itself off from the rest of the industry, jamming the cork on the Genie that was Steve Jobs, and basically saying "thats enough innovation for one company." In the meantime, they are keeping ARM alive who are desperate with the onset of OpenRISC which will actually be a revolution, while Apple will try to leverage their environment to keep gouging their customers, which will work, till one day they realise the tide has run out, and it won't work at all anymore and it will be back to the OS9 days, again. but with no Steve to pull them out of the hole.
Don't forget StrongARM developed by DEC and XScale by Intel, who both licensed ARM architecture.  StrongARM processors were used by Acorn on their Risc PC machines.
You think  “arm” is amazing just wait till leg is released next year
I love science and technology but I have memory!!!   At the end of the 80s, as a musician, I was using an Atari running Cubase from Steinberg. Then Atari did not have the power to deal with audio files and as Atari was using a Motorola processor and Apple also was using Motorola, I moved to Apple.   Apple, for me, was expensive and System 9 was a drag but I endure it. Actually, I got so experienced doing repairs that I discovered a market for my abilities. Some people even called me a wizard! So, I started to make some money giving support to musicians and companies. Apple had that magic, costumer respect and they also have great software. Then,  the System X revolution arrived and, very quickly I started to see my loved collection of audio and graphic software, one by one, getting blocked and stop to work.   Apple then changed every little but very useful software like iMovie Pro and Quicktime and turn them into a basic nothing! Now Mac computers come only with the bare essentials and the company started to be more interested in the design than the functionality. You could fry one egg on the back of some iMacs and who remembers the 3 years limit guaranty when after that, the apparent “time bomb” started to shut down everything? I lost the count of how many iMacs came to me after guaranty spired, with the screen full of vertical lines, dead hard drives or cd players… Talking about CD Players, they took it out, changed all connections and stop to listen to the professionals… They managed to destroy Final Cut Pro and released that Mac Pro little crap cylinder (The trash can) you could not upgrade properly or add more HDs… Seriously, Apple just want to create fancy gadgets for the millennia's! Ask The Memories Company Crucial,  how many people had to change the ATA HD for an SSD? What about the changing formatting with High Sierra! My old Mac Book runs High Sierra when Mac says no! Sorry my list goes on and on!!! I asked myself why to spend a fortune with an iPhone or Mac Book Pro when I can do very well with a Samsung phone and a Hackintosh. I am happy Apple can't abuse me anymore! Of course, I love speed e and power but I just hope the competition wakes up and come with something as powerful and more affordably! I am not about blind religion for any brand but yes, about a company who can respect its customer base!  Here, I just talked from the top of my head but believe me, my mistrust runs deeper than what I said above. Apple is a company who exclude the less fortunate and has no respect for the creative person!
Graphene anyone?
Anyone know where the money from the Apple fines goes? (Or even the banking fines for that matter).
Does this custom Apple CPU architecture use ARM TrustZone?
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
Change entire industry ? When, who, what is changed ? Can it even run Crysis ?
I saw this happening since 2015
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
Cooking the popcorn right now!
This is just apple taking credit for work that Arm engineers did, just like how apple stole their hardware designs from Braun, stole their OS from Xerox, stole their smartphone design from the IBM Simon, stole the macbook air design from the Sony Vaio X505, stole the touchbar design from the ThinkPad x1 carbon Gen 2, etc, etc
Now, when are x86 apps will be able to use in arm? Now all that power just for editing and play games is usless. When full autocad and developers tools and all x86 has to offer included the graphics card thing can be used in arm that day will be something, untill that, i will live plugged for be able to use my p53 workstation more than 2 hours .
Why is there so many chinese wumao shills making positive comments here,
You can do anything with slave labour
What are you buying on Black Friday?
https://www.extremetech.com/computing/317228-apples-new-m1-soc-looks-great-is-not-faster-than-98-percent-of-pc-laptops
Is it awesome?  No, it is horrible, as Apple is horribly bad for consumers, and the environment, blocking independent repair, independent software, etc etc. the Chip?  amazing.  And that is the bad news.  Also, the new OS is brilliant using the memory, that is part of the trick.
Contrary to this hugley inaccurate and biased video here are some of the latest Cinebench multicore scores - they show how Intel and AMD Mobility x86 CPUs absolutely thrash Apple's M1 in Cinebench R23 benchmarks even with a node handicap : https://wccftech.com/intel-and-amd-x86-mobility-cpus-destroy-apples-m1-in-cinebench-r23-benchmark-results/  In this video it's silly to compare the M1 with an under powered macbook or imac performing a basic video render. I might be marginally excited - if Apple wasn't behind the development. All we as consumers stand to gain from Apple's proprietary involvement is longer battery life but increased drains on our pocket as Apple discovers new ways to put its greedy little hands in our wallets.   I find it odd that this video which has just been released - barely even mentions the latest AMD Ryzen benchmarks and how much faster they are compared to the top of the line Intel chips in single core and multi core processing.
Electronic alchemy.
we are in the army now
None of the Business application works with Apple, Apple has to work with citrix, Nuance, and open up the third party to write for OS. I am MAC fan, but i bought Microsoft Laptop 3 to use for my work.
Intel: *profusely sweating*
"Windows just copied the Mac" -Steve Jobs
It's not the end of the story. It's the beginning.
Goddammit! I bought a Intel NUC in the beginning of the year because my old Mac Mini was just too slow. I should have waited just a bit longer!!
You can say that Apple took the RISC.
It's so cool that Apple can invent such ingenious tech. Now if only they could stop harassing me with update pop-ups, 2-factor authentication pop-ups, and all other types of windowsy pop-up sheit...
$1049.00 For a set of case wheels...someone at Apple should be hung up by their thumbs.
Yes... but can it run Docker? Kappa
Very impressive... Now I was thinking...  Russia have the  best hypersonic technology  they claim to make their missiles 10X faster than sound flying 30m high... now think what are their guidance systems made of???  what processor they use??? are they digital based or are "analogic"??? how they fly autonomous for 4000 km and in the last 30 km speed to 10X sound, and hit target with such acccuracy of less than 30 cm???  they sure need a computational power to run an AI program that can make decisions in real time about microseconds... 10 times faster than an ar15 bullet... fired 4000 km away...
Did you just compare a company (ARM) with x86?  And then also claim Apple is ARM? Lol!  Tvis video should be censorred for being fake news!
Guarante it has the same thermal issues that Apple has always had
That made a chip that runs without power. I need them to explain.
Don't be silly, we all know apple did it with slave labor. Sadly they still charged a premium.
Good video. These new M chips are amazing from what I’ve seen online. Personally I’ll wait a bit longer before I look to get one but that’s to get my monies worth out of my last purchase. But if I were buying a laptop right now I would absolutely pick one of these up. So impressive
I so miss Steve Jobs.
It would have been nice to mention that the first RISC computer was the IBM 801 and the first RISC microprocessors were the UC Berkeley RISC I and RISC II.  (I was a co-designer of the RISC I.)  https://ieee-region6.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/09a-RISC-MilestonePlaque.jpg
Easy to hindsight things when they have already happened. Less of a history lesson and more of hey I was right since the dawn of time video.  Why don’t you take a call on this “ If Apple did it, can Samsung with their Exynos line of chips also enter the market and squeeze Intel’s share further? Is even AMD threatened now?”  We will see how your prediction pans out
ARM Mac Pro when!?
AMD and Apple ARM beating the hell out Intel
Read full story here: https://www.vladtv.com/article/267484...
Be careful you don't just drink the kool aid here.  What Apple made is pretty cool.  But is there more left in the tank?  Or did they take every optimization they could to get here and there's no runway left?  Maybe Apple ARM is the answer. But we have seen impressive optimizations before... it's what happens with the next couple revisions that will tell us if this is the future.
Is there any common shareholding between Intel and Apple? (If you go 2 or 3 levels deep)...
How else got his own ARM’s dealer?
Aaaand...... most of the tech enthusiasts won't care because Apple will block Windows and Linux. Which is why they will meet their competition soon enough.
the word Merch sounds nasty.
The PC video card is flashed to  "Apple", $50>>$250 Apple memory stick, $20>>$100 you can't just swap a CPU OSX, only on an APPLE (EULA)
Apple switches from CISC to RISC and back every ten years or so.  It's never been about making a better product.  It was always about not using Intel.  The only reason they used Intel for the past ten years is because there were no other feasible options until the latest ARM processors.
Apple's Newton was a huge catalyst for ARM in mobile devices - far predating the iPod.
Hi! I really enjoy your videos! I was wondering which video editor and applications you use to make them, the animations are wonderful! Thanks in advance!
Where's the video on Nikola Motors?
Regardless of the hype, Apple still employs slave labor.
Hi can you please make a video on the rise of AMD ryzen processor??
Yang pilih allah like.
batteries didn't get better , arm cpu's are just more power efficient also apple now monitors everything you do with newer OS update , have fun !
As someone who dislikes most big corp strategies, including Apple, this has joyously piqued my interest. Low power, high efficiency and fast CPUs? Yes please.  This might be a large initial investment, but it would pay for itself with productivity and reduced energy bills.  I'm still running a first gen in PC, with  Windows 10 now, and I can still run a ton of stuff, but my PC is a loud beast, takes a while to perform simple editing tasks and is a bit of an energy hog, so I try not to use it too often due to increasing electricity prices.  I'm genuinely not upset about this, if competition actually surfaces, then we're in for a smashing next decade in computing power.
So to cut the long story short, Intel shot itself in the butt by refusing to build chips for the iphone 😂😂😂
The only thing I care about: Will those processors come without backdoors?
There have been ARM computers before, but apparently you need to draw an Apple on it and load a restrictive normie-proof bullshit OS on it before it apparently matters.
I think because Apple is always hyped about their new stuff and the "best we've ever done" thing, the M1 wasn't that famous at the beginning.. I watched the live event but was like "meh.. another revolution that is not really a revolution", kind of the boy who cried wolf, you know? But seeing how even the PC people are impressed by this, I'm starting to believe that finally some real revolution has been made! Hope they keep doing this, just like the old good times..
Iya ya Allah.
Why is this title acting like this has not already happened years ago?
Superb.
IVE HAD A COUPLE   I PHONES   THEY SUCK
Apple processor is built on 5nm, while intel is built on 14nm++(~9nm), which is around 3x times more efficient). I don't think apple is that innovative as much as TSMC is doing all the heavy lifting with the 5nm lithography.
We have in our education arena some 2020 MacBook Air, it is not bad but the CPU fan really runs high when for example doing Zoom call. Some teachers said they like the Intel 2017 Intel based Macbook Air better. So try in for your self and find out.
I think because Apple is always hyped about their new stuff and the "best we've ever done" thing, the M1 wasn't that famous at the beginning.. I watched the live event but was like "meh.. another revolution that is not really a revolution", kind of the boy who cried wolf, you know? But seeing how even the PC people are impressed by this, I'm starting to believe that finally some real revolution has been made! Hope they keep doing this, just like the old good times..
As a windows and Linux user. I have to say this is incredibly impressive and exciting to witness. I also hope it breeds more competition
comparing a lightroom preview (lowres) image with a full one in photoshop? really?
It's quite a stretch and misleading to claim that smartphone's processing power is comparable to a modern PC's.
This was a brilliant recap on processor technology. Nicely paced and a window into the future. Well done you. Well done Apple for upending the market!!
The XR2 chip is my future mobile processor. Thinking the phone can catch the computer ignores the physics of space.
Well, it might add to competition if Apple licence this technology to the open market, but...........
ibm had the powerpc chip 20 years ago that did 16 bit, 32bit, 64bit and by flipping one bit in the chip could do 256 bit processing. the problem was that intel convinced everyone that clock speed was the only way to calculate processor efficiency. So, even though the power chip was better at work, hertz was propagandized as the only valid method to evaluate a cpu. We had a processor called the system as400 that actually could out perform the large corporate systems cheaper, but since it could cut into the revenue of the large main frames it was held back. Innovation is often stifled by desire of the bean counters for maximum profit today without regard for the future.
Everyone knows Intel were sitting on their asses watching AMD flounder.
Omg.
To be brutally honest...I couldn't give two S**ts. Apple is a horrible company. Their predatory, overly aggressive and fraudulent practices are atrocious. They could care less about their customers. Their repair service costs are overpriced and are forced on consumers without care. Now they have completely destroyed any chance of consumers fixing their products themselves forcing them to take it to an Apple shop and get bent over. They force third parties to pay premiums to manufacture anything for Apple. They force updates to limit prior models functionality and battery life. They take "Planned Obsolescence" to a whole new meaning. You couldn't pay me to use a Apple product. That being said... kudos for Apple pushing innovation on mobile processors.
Everyone’s talking about the M1 chip but this guy should have these videos put on Netflix🤯
Didn’t Microsoft do something similar with the SQ chip? I’m not super up on computer so forgive me.
Alien Technology here we go
@3:04 what he shows is so biased.  are u an idiot. he is comparing photoshop in windows moving images vs lightroom zoom in out. f***
indeed the  apple chip chief designer is now in TESLA so we hope still there will be non-china product made by mac.A
I've been looking forward to tiny machines that attaches to big screens. Maybe that could happen soon.
And Nvidia purchased ARM. Nice move, Apple.
So desktop processing devices will be as fragile as smartphones. What's the point? In the long term I will be more productive with the 22nm process x86 I use right now than with the barely existent M1 that will completely break down in a few years.
Haters still gonna hate when another laptop adopts this a year later and claims to be better.
After Microsoft, Samsung, MNT, lots of Chromebooks and others have been using Arm chips already, most of them shipping for years, now that Fruit Inc is once again just catching up late, what's the innovation, what *did* they do? I'm not seeing any news here, sorry. The history bits are nice though. :-)
Apple's Newton was a huge catalyst for ARM in mobile devices - far predating the iPod.
Jesus, my overclocked to 5Ghz 7700k has 1392 and 5500 geekbench single and multi core score (single score faster than 10600k stock!). Meanwhile Apple manages 1744 and 7628..... *gasp in disbelief*
This is so overblown its funny.   The M1 tested in various blender files for animation and rendering when i do the exact same test with my Zen1 1700x and GTX 1070 i get at least 2X the performance in playback FPS and render speed.  With the same blend files with the same render settings...
and here i am watching this video without skipping..thats how interesting this topic is..
Chrome is considered a big app?
Yeah ill see when the m1 chip can match a performance of up to a intel 9th gen cpu or at least on par with the to the 1080 ti when it comes to a gpu.
So this m1 chip would be no good for a normal pc as its only a x86 32bit chip? I'm no computer expert but isn't everything x64 now 64bit.
You know the first thing you should do is proper research.  The difference between smartphones and computers is not arm or x86 my friend it's power and thermal limitation. as an engineering I can tell that your evaluation isn't even close to being correct.
Apple does stupid shit all the time. They should have went bankrupt oh, about 3 times. LISA said so. The sycophants that pay top dollar to be cool. Apple has pushed other companies to innovate, no doubt. These chips are over sold in performance. As distance increases, speed slows down. Phones are small and electricity travels less distance. That is why the CRAY-X super-computers are curved/round. That is why they are in laptops, not desktops. They will charge a premium as millennials will buy it until the reset happens.
Brilliant minds, piece of shit as a company ethics-wise.
ColdFusion you're wrong phones are not getting faster than PC's.. if you don't believe this video was edited on a PC.. so no
I'm very tempted to get a macbook. It's just their shitty business practices that are holding me back.
but, can it run crysis?
Why does the video gets annoyingly dim in mid portion from @16-18mins mark. I kept adjusting phone display only to realize the video is created in a dim manner
I remember all the headlines I just didn’t know the back story. Thank you for doing this. Quite a bit of history and a wealth of knowledge. Apple is just forward thinking, simply amazing.
Thank you for including clips of Stewart Cheifet, and Gary Kildall from Computer Chronicles.
this is so well-summarized, I even watch this twice.
How many of you socialist/communist types think this kind of innovation and availability to most of the population would be possible by anything other than capitalism and free (relatively) markets?
What is that song in your closing credits? I’d like to listen to it. Great video btw. I just subscribed.  Edit: Burning Love by Burn Water. Thx for posting tracks in credits. You rock, sir. ✌️
I wish phone can become like Nintendo switch so when we need bigscreen just put on port that had HDMI and usb for mouse keyboard etc
apple is apple , tech is good but it needs to be access to public, and apples have a diferent approach..$$$ we see future, evolution must be accessible and apple is close.
Ah, yes. because apple is more powerful than Intel, it is more powerful than desktop.
Apple is great for R&D. Very Good. ❤️
You should make a video about the new AMD chips, it's definitely a bad year for Intel
competition 'may' come from it is a definite sign of optimism bias, when you have a company that is actively innovating its ways to prevent users from repairing the items they purchase as much as they are innovating new chips, you have a big efing problem, one that you are saying is worth supporting as long as they give you something new and until apple either owns the world or stops their practice of belligerence against consumers and good business practices i'll never buy one of their products no matter how good they may seem. an apple preserved by wax to look pristine on the outside can still be rotten at the core if left out long enough
apple has not changed shit,  it's not within reach of a normal consumer.  so fuck them
This is way better than a review. Well done
Waiting for an iMacPro level machine that leverages the Apple chips.
What other opportunities does Apple get by developing its own computer chip? Is there anything that can be used in a self-driving car, which there have been rumors that Apple is trying to develop?
Hello! Please make a video of the flying car from Isreal
Has anyone thought of a new type of architecture other than RISC or CISC? (Not sure what the correct term is. I'm referring to the more fundamental organising principle (RISC VS CISC) rather than the architecture (ARM vs x86).  I'm thinking the person or company who develops chips based on those will eat Apple for lunch.
Intel's taking it from all sides now. Hopefully they've got something in R&D or they're just done!
I've always imagined why are arm chips inside my phone so fast and efficient. Why don't they put it in the desktop. And here we are
IF THE / KRAP / THAT apple PUT OUT IS THE BENCH MARK OF THINGS TO COME - THEN GOD WON;T BE ABLE TO HELP YOU   TAKE THE IPHONE FOR EXAMPLE - I HAVE AN IPHONE 10s   IT SEEMED TO HAVE BEEN DESIGNED BY PEOPLE IN THE AGE GROUP (10 & 1/2 TO 11 & 1/2)  FOR GROWN DOWNS  IN THE AGE GROUP ( 4 & 1/2 TO 5 & 1/2)  NOT ONLY THAT - IT WAS DESIGNED SPECIFICALLY TO EASILY SLIP FROM YOUR GRASP - AND GUESS WHAT - YOU  CAN PURCHASE - A VERY GOOD CHINESE  MOBILE PHONE FOR THE EQUIVALENT COST OF REPLACING THE SCREEN ON THE IPHONE 10  NOT ONLY THAT - THE FUNCTIONS HAVE BEEN LAID OUT BY A GROUP OF PEOPLE - WHO ARE / BRAIN DEAD - THEIR IS NO LOGIC ASSOCIATED WITH THIS PIECE OF   BLOODY DISGRACEFUL - IT IS QUITE OBVIOUS  - THAT THEY HAVE RAN OUT OF ADULT IDEAS - SO THEY LOAD THE IPHONE WITH ENDLESS SERIES OF MINDLESS GAMES   WHO THE HELL WANT TO SPEND ALMOST $1000 JUST TO STRAIN YOUR EYES PLAYING MENTALLY RETARDED SLILY GAMES
Live Giveaway on my channel. Good luck to all entering and to those whom have already entered!! https://youtu.be/fKeUCZdSseE
This is not new, already servers using ARM processor has been pumping out past few years. Raspberry pi for example is based on ARM cpu. What Apple has done is just bring this to mainstream as most ARM processor based computer were dedicated to lesser group of folks like hobbist.
This video is either misleading due to ignorance, or just propaganda. CISC instruction sets come and go. Don't lie to people.  edit: Also I expect seven digit salary if I'm to code in the RISC framework, cause quite frankly, calling it a pain in the ass when it comes to quality code, is me understating the understatement.  edit2: And intel chip doesn't use 125w of power, that's the TDP of the chip, which is a completely different thing. I swear this video is basically a layman/caveman trying to explain nuclear explosion by calling it fire. Just... don't.
Everyone’s talking about the M1 chip but this guy should have these videos put on Netflix🤯
Can't wait to see Louis Rossman tear this crap twenty new assholes.
Microsoft soft did it first with the surface pro X but I wouldn't want one
When we getting arm based gaming pc's lowkey hyped ngl
0:22 my love video :X.
Intel price gouges but barely innovates. Apple price gouges but does and it shows via the charge in the video. All those intel fanboys that kept defending them are a laughing stock right about now. They still defended them when AMD made a big comeback during the first Zen and now Zen 3 surpasses Intel's fastest desktop chip.
Competition good... more capitalist propaganda.
This video gave me goosebumps. Excited for the future of PCs.
too bad this will cost everyone who doesn't have a sponsorship, a whole body and a half cuz apple always marks up prices cuz you know "apple"
Advertisement has gone crazy, if this man did not get paid for this, we're reaching the time when moguls don't even have to spend in ads. Apple is shit, however 'important their advances to the industry'
This whole thing is so skewed. If RISC was so great, intel would be adopting onto their processors. Something is definitely wrong with this picture.
You talk a lot about the power efficiency advantages of RISC vs CISC, and while I don't want to discount there, there may be another explanation for it's massive performance advantage: having it's RAM on the same die as the CPU.  On traditional desktops, the high frequency (and long transmission lines) of separate RAM chips is a major source of errors, tricks, and importantly, delays, with the resulting cache misses. Having the RAM directly on the same die, with optimized transmission lines (based on nanometer scale optimizations and precision), maybe the real source of the large performance increase.  Having it as a RISC architecture may have facilitated this move, as it means you don't have to worry about thermals as much, and you can have a larger chip without a resulting larger heatsink, so the fact that it's ARM is still an advantage. But the change of on-die RAM shouldn't be understated.
Given that Apple is so comfortably raising the price (and the profit) year by year, I'm not comfortable that they dominate the chip industry.
Microsoft will surely have to respond in some capacity, if not join Apple in designing their own chips.  Also I can’t help but wonder, if the transition if Mac games from x86 to ARM can go so smooth (Blizzard has already recoded World of Warcraft for ARM), what’s going to be the implications for desktop custom PC gaming? Could the next generation of high-end games consoles (PlayStation and Xbox) make the switch to ARM too?
I can't use the extra power though.  There's a lot of money to be save by using older tech.
well unless we dont see this processor in all hardware in the next year or so, then they did not change the industry, might have helped evolve the industry but not changed it
Why does 1.5 k people dislike?
So the trick is put the RAM, SSD, CPU and Graphics onto a single chip at 5 nanometer. Allowing more bus-speed between the architectures at less power. So Intels next gen chip will have the same architecture perhaps at 7 nanometer. It is the next logical step for Intel to take. I hope the great people at Apple and their Developer community move on and do great things with the M1 and future versions. Great time to be in IT. If cloud computing does the same to their architecture we have a sweet combination of processing power. Fingers crossed this will take humanity forward as the influence IT has on kids these days is not so cool. Next generation of AI is a step closer now. M1 in autonomous vehicles currently being tested ... hope not just in rockets and bombs ...
I remember the Acorn Archimedes!
If Steve Jobs were alive, he would accomplish to nuke 2 companies who back stabbed him. 1. Microsoft who used Apple for specs and design and ditched them to create own OS Windows 2. Google who stole OS from MAC OS
Actually Motorola/Apple’s PowerPC chip for years was more faster/innovative than Intel’s Pentium chip in the late 90s. But Apple during that time was losing market share to Microsoft and on the verge of bankruptcy. Despite having great tech in their Macintoshes, strategically they are going back to the days where they were a closed system. This is like vhs vs beta tapes all over again. Having a great system and tech doesn’t necessarily equate to success overnight. In order for them to do this they have to rely/partner with developers and already by dropping backward support for 32 bit apps, they are already making it difficult. The reason Apple was experiencing a renaissance back in the mid 2000s was that they finally partnered with intel thereby opening the system up slightly to a whole slew of developers. Not to mention providing Windows support with boot camp. I think they are forgetting this. This is one of the reasons why they have become a success. And Steve Jobs saw this. Ok let’s see what happens. Let’s see if any developers will hop on board. I’m all for innovation but essentially Apple is going back to the closed system strategy where they control the end user experience. Hopefully they get that killer App or it’s going to be a huge bust.
What abt graphics on the M1??
While you covered hardware, there was a massive parallel development in software to make windows applications run on ARM. Microsoft yet another hurdle in software, Apple will target soon, as Microsoft's windows is becoming a liability on Microsoft, there is a talk to embrace Linux .. So Apple is all set for glory.
Too slow to innovate ? Sounds like Microsoft
Its down to the gfx card that makes my pc great, the m1 aint gunna do anything against this when it comes to the power needed for AAA gaming
Windows/intel in BiG trouble
Thank - you . .
Apple is the worst brand ever, tacky quality, inbuilt redundancy, greed, not worth it.
Best Battery Life (Laptopmag.com) 1. Dell Latitude 9510 (18:17) 2. Dell Latitude 9410 2-in-1 (16:54) 3. Asus ExpertBook B9450  (16:42) 4. Apple MacBook Pro, 13-inch, M1, 2020 (16:32) 5. Samsung Galaxy Book Flex 15 (15:44) 6. MacBook Air with M1 (14:41) 7. LG Gram 14 2-in-1 (2020) (14:00) 8. Dell Latitude 7400 (13:23) 9. HP Spectre x360, 13-inch, Late 2019  (13:20) 10. Dell Latitude 7400 2-in-1, (13:08)  Glad to see Apple finally catch-up....lol
Apple hasn't done anything. It's ARM who have done this. Apple just stalks and controls every facet of your device and hence you feel its their win. Its Apple's style to take credit for others work.
4:13 Prelude: ARM vs X86 5:45 The Creation of ARM (RISC vs CISC) 9:16 How is ARM/RISK so Efficient? 10:46 Apple tries Simple CPU's (evolution of Apple chips) 15:20 Performance / watt Comparison 19:40 The M1 - It's time to tackle the PC 20:20 M1 Performance 22:40 Disruption 24:35 Conclusion
Next big company to be bankrupt is intel
Acorn Risc 1985 anybody?
Can we have a link to the benchmark showing the results in 15:20? Thanks!
3:20 suck shit Microsoft surface lol they are a load of shit lol.
I had heard intel made stupid decisions, but I never knew how stupid...
Well documented 🎉🙏
You can say that Apple took the RISC.
0:11 xx
ARM processors cannot play games or applications that were built for x86-x64
Entertaining? More like gay
One thing does not change for sure.. The price is still too steep for most people.. (in my country at least)  As of right now I'm typing this, the retail price in my country for M1 chip powered PC in the lowest spec is:  MYR 2999.00 for Mac mini.. MYR 4399.00 for Macbook Air.. MYR 5599.00 for 13"  Macbook Pro..  The retail price for the base model M1 chip Macbook Air alone could rival the Ryzen 4th gen laptops, which I consider much more flexible in terms of overall usage scenario.. This is sad, since I too would like to try M1 chip powered devices, & intrigued by the efficiency level, but the price couldn't be justified for me to spend my hard earned money on it..  Great improvement & nice competition for the PC market, but the price is still scaring away people who knew what is the best price to performance ratio means.. Much scarier if & I mean "IF" the Apple product that is bought with the hard earned money couldn't be repaired in the future by the people who owns it..  But to be fair, the R&D gone to it is expensive.. Hopefully in the future, the technology is improving for it to be cheaper, repairable, & more cost effective.. So anyone who wanted to try Apple products like me didn't get scared away..
But can it run crysis?
ARM is a design specific by a British company, not a type of processor, the actual word would be "RISC", or "reduced instruction set computer", and x86 is a set of instructions invented by Intel, later modified by both Intel and AMD to form x86-64bit with many more complex instructions (and thereby capabilities/Functions), what you meant by "x86" is by definition called "CISC", or "complex instruction set computer", a name that indicate the difference between RISC and more advanced CISC processors. On to Apple then, fans of the trillion-dollar mass corporation that is "Apple .inc" like to mention whenever they think Apple have done something that by fact has already been done, but without the apple logo and the +150% markup in pricing, but the fact here is that Apple in efforts of cutting their own cost has designed an entire ARM based processor utilizing RISC designs that are only really good for running simple programs on, or "apps" as they are called.  Why is RISC not as good as CISC processors? It's down to the fact that a RISC based CPU has fewer instructions (which limits program complexity), the core architecture is simpler and less sophisticated than a CISC based one, and while a CISC based CPU can often do many instructions per cycle, a RISC based CPU can at most do 1-3 instructions per cycle, (cycle=clock=1Hz*MHz or higher). There's a reason why Apple is the first with this, and it's not for good reasons nor is it "changing the entire industry".
I've always imagined why are arm chips inside my phone so fast and efficient. Why don't they put it in the desktop. And here we are
And another Apple hype train skips abit of the history. We've had ARM chips in "laptops" for Windows more than an year now. And yes, Microsoft's ones are not as efficient, but the idea is NOT new.
Apple didn't do anything because they can't manufacture anything.
I'm in shock at its performance and battery life. the next time I go to purchase a laptop it'll be a Macbook air. It's the battery that is the key for me. I have the Surface 3 and still get 4 hours of useful life out of it which I thought was brilliant. I also really like the pen input for note-taking. But man that performance and battery life. Just shows how bad Intel has been over the last number of years. I really think PC companies will start ditching x86 as they simply can't manage that length of battery time. Once Windows has gone full in with ARM ( I know they have a build but it ain't quite the same yet). Intel gonna go. It- Terrible for Ireland given the number of people they employ - but given the problems with manufacturing they are having, they should have just outsourced till they worked through their own issues. Very sad to see them fail as badly as they are.
If ARM architecture has gotten to the point it's structural drawbacks for CISC based software no longer hold it back. Then CISC is a dead tech and its only a matter of time before we see RISC architecture become standard
Glad I have a ryzen
But can it run Crysis????
garbage
Still remains to been seen whether ARM will replace X86, its has alot going for it.
The last Palm had an ARM in it IIRC. They aren't new, or revolutionary.
Nice work on working on ARM, Apple. But the reality is the M1 chip has the same TDP as AMD's 4800u. Each M1 core is about 25% faster than each 4800u core, but when you consider hyper-threading, each logical 4800u has half the TDP of each M1 core. Not to downplay what Apple has achieved, but some articles flying around the internet seem to be putting it up as the greatest chip ever built when in reality it has worse performance per watt figures than AMD's last generation architecture (zen 2),  even when on an advanced node (5nm).
ARM - a great British success story.. if only UK invested in R and D as much as Germany there would be more such successes I believe but R and D investment is anathema in UK largely ....
Damn dude, your narration and voice is ill suited for this kind of content. You sound like you want to be anywhere but here.
Cool story. Until they're as cheap as, and able to play as many games as PC's, no one is going to waste their time with them except new users.
the comparison in 17:12  can be related to disk writing speeds. we don know those data, this difference not necessarily  caused by cpu speed. there are other factors too.  am I wrong?
Eww windows tard. Let's see how much he gets wrong. Ok the prices are not that high. Lie #1
Cant wait for Apple to capped their products on purpose just so that we have to buy from them only. Again
Today I was told by a sales person at JB HiFi Sydney Au, that the M1 was a lesser processor to the intel chip in the more expensive 2020 MacBook pro. Im confused?!
*Uses league of legends as a test for the cpu and graphic proccesors. LOL is not and will never be a test. Aaaand gettting 60 fps is not impressive at all.
Oh. It was ad. Wasted time.
Wait until Apple revolutionises the console market.
Was apple highmark prices powered the r&d?
Still many people prefer windows pc over Apple because they are user friendly, cheap and highly customisable in terms of software and hardware. For Apple you pay once and you are locked in...
So far we have only been shown video editing and It's impressive but how does the chip perform in hevy fully redered 3d video games. We need more benchmarks. I think it will not do so well compared to X86.
I was using a rooted Samsung Galaxy S4 connected to a monitor and keyboard and mouse all connected to the internet years ago. I don’t use it now. I just wanted to prove it would work. Worked very well. I remember Acorn RISC computers in 1990 when Macs were using 68030 processors.
Every time I hear the tune all I hear is the mix mag mongo hotline
It doesn't matter how fast or slow... You can't do much with Apple. Video editing, playing 2 games and web browsing... piff...But limited software and games on apple products make a person really productive like surviving in mountains or in a forest. Maybe linux can be more productive in near time, it only needs adobe apps but not any games or other things...
Amd beats Intel in Desktop PC's  Intel: Atleast we're relevant in laptops  Apple: ARM goes brrrr
And it still cant run games🤣 windows and Linux all the way ,mo powa baby.
Your voice and videos always gives me the chills. M1 is like the pivotal moment CPU processors like it was with smartphones when the iPhone came out in 2007
Did he mention anything about multiprocessing in the back ground? I think that matters, don't you think? Background tasks are hidden from your view so how fast are they really running with Arm. What you have to remember is the internet network is getting faster so applications that require lots of processing data are going to be handled online rather than local. What we are really are going to do is re-introduce dumb terminals. Wait and see what happens.
Measuring clock speed in GHz??? That’s now, buddy. We started using Hz, then MHz an only few years ago reached the speed of a GHz.
I tried chrome and it runs shit on M1. Second is Where is AMD game. AMD breaks CISC code into reduced CISC which again increase efficiency.
It's not only about nanometer, but the architecture of the ARM/RISC that makes their devices run better, faster and more power efficient.
M1 is a game changer for sure.  Just like it took a little while for Linux to catch on fire, I think we'll be seeing RISC server farms powering cloud in about 3 years.
i was taking this seriously till i saw "faster graphics" then i just burst out laughing
#crApple could have done this Decades ago, but limped through x86 junk like total incompetents. They haven't changed anything ARM did it for them (in 1987) Apple are finally, eventually catching up. Just as x86/64 is crashing in every sector - just wait for Nvidia #Envy armNV .. then see what a sea-change in the entire industry looks like. Cos 1t's not Laptops that finally fkin work, believe me.
Despite this video is made by an apple fan, (I'm not...) ,the video is great. Thank you. The problem is just apple only loves rich consumers and is intrusive. I want to be the boss of my device, not the opposite. So...., I prefer to keep my slow brick and keep my freedom.
I like how all their comparisons are just showing how much better this chip is compared to previous macs but macs are underpowered anyway why cant they compare it with a non mac laptop that actually has power
Wish they can add a programmable snooze on the iphone... 9min snooze is as old fashion as an Pentium chip...
While it is impressive that Apple has a CPU that's comparable to Intel's, it's old news that Intel has has major problems with their 10nm fabrication process for the past 6 years. They've basically just been rebranding the same product since 2014. There was a small mention of AMD in the video and they have made major strides for the x86 platform.
This is laughable.  ARM technology has been out for a while.  Maximize profits is what's happening.
computing efficiency is a step in the right direction. but they still have serious issues around the devices they power which are designed to be obsolete in a few years. i understand there's a profit motive but we need to ditch this notion of always buying something "new" every few years, which results in more energy consumption to manufacture and ship each new device but also all the physical waste that's created.
damn, goes to show how much intel has been holding back the computing industry
So I’ve been using M1 MacBook Air for a week now. I’ll say this: it’s been more than revolutionary. That stuff generates NO heat, uses LITTLE energy, almost none, but runs LIGHTENING FAST. It’s not a joke. It’s a LEGEND. Wow. Apple did it. Staying hungry and foolish works.
As a windows and android mainly myself, this honestly made me happy that technology once again has reach another level. This also means more competency and elimination of weakling in the market.   *I'm talking about you intel*
There are so many misleading statements in this video it hurts.  There seems to be a trend here that focuses on single-core performance, and simultaneously ignores mutli-core performance.  M1 is not a faster CPU than a 10900K, and in fact the 10900k runs circles around the M1 in multicore performance, even after you take the core count difference into account.  The guy talking about how the M1 benchmarks on Xcode were about the same as a 3950x has no idea what he is talking about, Xcode or MacOS were never optimized to run on a 3950X.  In fact, the 3950X stomps the M1 in almost every multi-core benchmark, while holding it's own in single-core performance.  Go look at benchmarks comparing the 3950X and M1 on adobe premier or something similar that is optimized for both systems, it will tell you a completely different story.    The M1 is a very impressive chip.  It is revolutionary for a lot of reasons, and it is indicative of the future trend of mobile chips, but lets not deceive people by making half-statements as if they are matter of fact.  We still have the chips we do from Intel and AMD because they serve purposes and can do things that M1 can't, and still outperform M1 in real-world, and benchmark testing.
Apple 🍎 sell orange 🍊 for the last 5 year nothing new
Nowadays an important factor in performance is how fast information travels within a chip. E.g. this is the main problem for GPUs. With x86 extra transistors taking precious space on chip, its overall performance will fall behind ARM. Though, of course ARM processors performance cap won't be growing at its current pace a few years down the line.
If the phones and tablets are supposed to be so fast and last long batteries....why then, does my iPhone and iPad run out of battery so fast?
Apple is the worst company ever and I am not sure why they get the loyalty they don't deserve.  They tell customers when their device breaks  it cannot be fixed.  They act like they still own the device.  I have a 7th Generation iPod Touch that the home button got stuck that was still under warranty at the time that inGenius  Bar (a four hour round trip) said could not be fixed and refused to even replace it under warranty because of water damage.  Instead they blame the customer for the issues. I have done board level repair on $10000 boards. I took the iPod  to a local 3rd party electronic repair shop and was told that the iPod had never been taken apart, inGenius Bar had it out of my sight for 45 minutes, the 3rd party repair shop never took out of my sight as I watched them open it up.  None of the water indicaters were tripped.  The reason the home button was stuck was a loose ball of solder.  3rd party repair shop did not change me for the repair.  I can write apps for my Android phone yet I can't for the Apple device.  I can mirror my Android phone with sound to my Roku TV yet I can't  mirror my iPod with sound to it even though there are apps that will mirror to the Roku TV why?  One of the approved Vendors that I purchased mirroring software from told me that Apple puts a DRM on the Music.  Music that I either ripped from vinyl or CDs that I own.  Apple hasn't got the right to put DRMs on music I own.  I told them so when I requested a refund.  I owned an Apple IIe way back when and I could modify it to my heart's content.  I had a problem with my Samsung flagship phone and called my carrier.  I was issued a temporary replacement that was sent to me overnight with boxing so that I could mail it back to them without having to pay any postage and was told if I had an Apple phone they couldn't do it this way.  It took 10 days and was shipped back to me overnight.  Phone was repaired and all of the data was still in placed - I was supposed to do a factory reset but had neglected to so I reset all of the passwords while it was enroute as I have a password manager that will do that.  Rev George
As a hardcore Android and PC user, I'm trying so hard to avoid Apple products these days and I feel I might lose soon.
Well 🍎 is black project for cia with military fundings.
You mentioned at the begging of the video that you're a Windows and Android guy but I wonder for how much longer? Apple's M1 chips are truly a game changer. I have the new Silicon MacBook Air M1 and it's everything you showed in your video. Intel is doomed and will go the way of the dinosaur very soon. 
I always knew RISC was more efficient but I had no idea just HOW inefficient x86 looks by comparison.  Would love to see upgradable/buildable ARM pcs. I imagine there would be decades of innovation per year during the development process of ARM motherboards and chipsets.
Apple’s first ever in-house chip is A4
A la verga.
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh .
A CPU is still limited to using 8 bits at a time. If you are using 16, 32 or 64 bit operations, the operation must be broken down to 8 bit pieces before the CPU, each processed and then recombined after the CPU to get the result. RISC doesn't have any delay before or after the processor avoiding those bottlenecks. Many mainframe architectures like IBM AS/400 do this as well which makes them extremely fast, reliable and lower power consumption.
But how does it compare to amd latest series  ? Pc version
@coldfusion Will you get MAC?
What everyone seems to completely forget is that you need a graphic card too. ☝️
Everyone’s talking about the M1 chip but this guy should have these videos put on Netflix🤯
Ur sound like LEMMINO
If you want to enjoy ARM, make sure Taiwan is not CHINA. Because Taiwan TSMC is the only place on earth that can make these.
Amazing video, really excited for this
well......time to buy AAPL stocks.
It is going to take years for 14nm++++++ to catch up with ARM M1. However AMD can compete on behalf of X86.
Apple's M1 is killing 2 bird with one stone ( Intel & AMD)
Crapple. They make over priced garbage.
"No energy system can produce sum useful energy in excess of the total energy put into constructing it. This universal truth applies to all energy systems [including digital systems]. Energy, like time, only flows in one direction, from past to future."
If there was ever a time for IBM with its various partners, to come up with a new POWER chip, now is that time. Apple did the smart thing once it realized that ARM could reach parity with x86. In a mobile device, battery life is king. For 98% of mobile users, if it doesn't run for 24 hours without a charge, there is something wrong with it and the mfg should expect a warranty claim. Apple simply realized this and realized that the reverse is also true. Laptop users have their devices plugged in most of the time and with that fact in mind, you can take a lightweight ARM, beef it way up to handle desktop loads and it will go toe to toe with Intel.  And then the user unplugs the laptop, the CPU quietly goes into low power mode, behaves like a mobile chip and you get awesome battery life.   IBM could correct some of the goofy quirks with the POWER line, and make a real run at the x86 space. POWER already owns high performance computing, and with Samsung making 7nm POWER chips, there is no reason they couldn't be scaled to fit in desktops, laptops, etc. The biggest thing is going to be selling the software to turn people away from Intel. A few BSD and linux distributions already support POWER architecture which means that high performance systems in the enterprise are already perfect targets for new software that can take advantage of POWER. IBM would need to consider a push into offering software as a service and trying to compete with Microsoft with its Azure and O356 offerings, but the trick here is making the software cheap/free and getting your hardware out there. While IBM may have sold off Notes/Domino to HCL a year ago, there are a couple options that could provide an opportunity. Groupwise has basically languished and passed through a few hands in the last few years.  As an old admin, I'd much rather administer a Groupwise installation than Exchange. Exchange is a fucking kluge and has been for years. Groupwise admin through eDirectory is so much easier. And guess what OS happens to natively support POWER architecture? SUSE does. SAP HANA?  POWER does it better than x86. It wouldn't take much to port Groupwise over, especially as it already happily runs on SLES. Or just buy Domino/Notes back from HCL. In the meantime, port something like Libreoffice into a cloud-accessible form, and get Adobe and Autodesk on-board.  POWER does virtualization in the hardware and has for years, rather than be yet another added instruction with x86-64.   But it comes down to IBM wanting to get back into 'big iron' so to speak. They have all that experience with big mainframes and System Z stretching back decades. It doesn't take much to scale that down or decide you're going to make a push into smaller enterprise stuff.
ఆ ఆi love u girl.
That time when Intel stopped publishing benchmarks !!!
Apple is like trendsetter company, they are not companies that invented technology but they can turn existing technology into something hype
Thanks for the explanation. If only Apple's official 'one more thing' reveal did it as well as this, instead of label-less graphs and silly comparisons with 'best selling PCs'.
Pathetic discourse of random facts.
I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
Now every other laptop manufacturer will copy Apple... LOL
Wow - pan on Windows is slower than zoom on Mac - what a skewed comparison.
If Apple didn't hype everything(even watch straps) then when they said 'M1 in Macs is revolutionary' we would have believed it from the beginning.
When M1 chips have games that run on it and blow Intel out of the water, that would be the tipping point.
Man, i thought it was a chip for phones with the power of a pc, xD
Dana UFC a fucking joke
There is some spredsheet of ARM specs?
Hats off to Acorn Computing!
With the money Intel Have , I Think They Are Doing It On Purpose. They Will Rise Like A Pheonix. I Think They Already Have The Technology.😂😂
When Apples get less expensive than pc's I'm in.
So is the age of big ass gaming PC's coming to an end?
Brilliant!!  @23:42  was an Aha moment for me!  I had goosebumps!
The Apple shilling is strong in this video
Not exactly revolutionary, but definitely groundbreaking technology. And Apple is literally years ahead of their competitors because of their in-house development of SoCs for the iDevices. They’ve developed and tested neural networks, CPUs, GPUs, security systems, etc all in a bubble while the rest of the industry was working with commodity CPUs from Qualcomm and Samsung that didn’t have those features.  Yes, they will throw money and resources at it and will make significant progress, but it will be fragmented between the two major ARM SoC vendors, and between mobile device vendors. I don’t expect them to have similar stable systems on the market for 3+ years.
I dont understood how apples engineering just blows everyone. Like where do they get their engineers
I'm excited, and can't help but wonder if  the x86 architecture has come to it's end or as some would say, "end of life" stage.
A few questions:  1) Is this in the current set of Macbooks and iMac's or is it something that is about to come?  2) Will this solve the heating/fan issues that have been common in those products?  Thanks
Love or hate em,they’re pushing stuff forward
The 2020's will be the ARM decade and the decline of Intel.
My $1.5k laptop is x10 times faster than my $3k desktop and the desktop had water cooling and shit... at first made me re-think what's going on, but tech is moving super fast. Now this laptop is slow compared to what there is out there now, it's a 2.5 year old laptop...
The problem I think could just come down to multitasking, try running 6 things at once, one being demanding like a New AAA game or Rendering while other programs run in the background. I understand that phones are more for a single focus on 1 application at a time with enough memory to switch to background apps when necessary.
Does M1 or any ARM runs software like Photoshop, Maya, Houdini, and Unreal Engine 4? I am intrigued by this if it can run these natively. I am a bit skeptical.
It’s confirmed. Apple is Skynet!
They didnt. Other companies like pine64 did.
Lol that disclaimer so important that you are android and windows user else you could get bashed by your follower.
You worked really HARD for this video. Ma God bless you and rewad for your HARD WORK :) !!!
i didn't realize how bad it was. X86 in it's current form doesn't seem to make any sense when compared to arm. Why didn't AMD go into RISC more aggressively? I am in no way going to purchase *shudders a mac desktop. Yes AMD have made great efficiency progress when compared to intel but we are talking different scales of power usage for RISC that makes amd's accomplishment a joke.  This could be made into a climate change issue. Computers aren't cheap to power.  From servers to personal desktops the price tag to power all these is gigantic. Whereas arm is essentially doing similar tasks while sipping unicorn farts in comparison.  Honestly this could be a move towards consumer choice. Remember google's failed attempt at a modular phone? We could have a modular cpu where we choose what our computer can do better at. Need more machine learning processing power of prototyping? add more ml calculation units to your chip. Perhaps motherboards can be made to account for future upgrades etc.
Wow.... Must invest haha
I looked at Geekbench results and the M1 is compatible to the Ryzen 3700X system I built earlier this year and has a TDP 40 watts lower than that AMD system. Really impressive
This fake documentary has to be the best ad ever!
well can we play rise of the tomb rider :)hehe
ARM is now owned by Masayoshi Son owner of softbank Japan.
The key to performance is freezing to disk not current use programs in the background making whatever you are doing the focus.
can it run crysis?
everyone hates Apple - WTF are you talking about  - EVERY ONE THINKS COLD FUSION SUCKS... on really everyone. try harder cold fusion - APPLE ROCKS!
I would still much rather have an inefficient computer that will last me a long time than an efficient one that is designed to break.
I'm still using a 2007 iMac. Looking like a great time to upgrade.
60 FPS in LoL!!!!!!!!! The POWER!!!!!!!!!
Fascinating documentary. Should be on the BBC.
the RISC versus CISC discussion is incomplete.   A better discussion is here:  https://www.microcontrollertips.com/risc-vs-cisc-architectures-one-better/
I liked video so much I bought one while I was watching.
Taiwan has the blueprints and Intel/AMD will copy..... The consumer really wins when there are more options..
What an amazing explanation. I really got to learn why did this happened and why intel is failing. Also the last words about not fighting is real. An innovation is much needed to have a competition. We all should encourage and get out of our comfy zones of intel and amd
2:56  3:00 hmm...
The only reason ARM has caught up with x86 is because intel let them, they stopped innovating when they had a monopoly over AMD however if they hadn’t ARM wouldn’t compare. Now AMD are killing it and we are getting back to where we should be with desktop CPUs after a huge road bump.
You know digital technology advances quickly when videos from the 80s seem like they are from the Cambrian Era.
An iPhone cpu and a 10900k just aren’t comparable, the iPhone is snappier because it’s arm but if you were to give it a huge task to do then the 10900k would beat it by miles.
That’s cool and all but what happens when apple slows your chip down to try and force you to buy a new one, at least intel and AMD don’t do that.
I have to wonder how this is going to play out. I'm not a fan of either Apple or Microsoft. But I am a fan of good engineering. It seems Apple's got a grip on the better engineering for the next little while; which I'm not a fan of.
"Intel's inside", hiding from Apple's M1
That 5nm process node is the best thing a smart phone has, iPhone 12!  Imagine 3nm process node, well Moore's law, 2 years though I heard Moore's law's dead
I like your video documentation. It's very interesting thanks for sharing.
Apple's Newton was a huge catalyst for ARM in mobile devices - far predating the iPod.
hmmm well could have,,would have,,,,should have,,,,apple holds out too long & charges too much,,,for what Samsung has done for years!
why do i still feel like this was commissioned by apple
but guyz apple sux, unlick my cool company xyz that is cool because my friends say it is hurr hurr.  Apple is amazing and the entire industry would not be where it is without the first Macintosh nor the first iPhone. I hope the M1 accelerates CPUs. AMD has been doing great but we need to make a jump. 20 hour laptops need to be baseline.
I am not sure if "these kinds of machines can be less expensive", cant imagine it
how did they do it?  by putting truckloads of money offshore and not paying taxes and paying the best and brightest of the world peanuts, that's how they did it XXDDDD
Apple also wants to keep forced labor.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2020/11/20/apple-uighur/
But apple are not the first to offer ARM.
I've always imagined why are arm chips inside my phone so fast and efficient. Why don't they put it in the desktop. And here we are
Ok? And? That still doesn't make the cell phone a replacement for a laptop. Also 90% of iPhone users don't actually care about any of this lol
If ARM chips are always faster and consume less power than why did people use x86? What exactly are these "complicated instructions"?
*Brutal*
I think because Apple is always hyped about their new stuff and the "best we've ever done" thing, the M1 wasn't that famous at the beginning.. I watched the live event but was like "meh.. another revolution that is not really a revolution", kind of the boy who cried wolf, you know? But seeing how even the PC people are impressed by this, I'm starting to believe that finally some real revolution has been made! Hope they keep doing this, just like the old good times..
Love the video though what's the intro name of the song that's playing at first when you first start the video what's the name of the song?
The Raspberry Pi is been an arm-based desktop computer that been around since 2012, Apple has done absolutely nothing new here.
Very very interesting topic!
Watch Louis Rossmann
You need to be making videos about Samsung because Samsung is a lot more better than Apple
I abhor apple's business practices and limited software libraries but I am very happy to see apple do this. Hopefully this will get intel and amd to rethink development for the future. I concur that this will help competition take off and will be a win for the consumer of any cpu brand in the future.
18:42 Who cares if they finally paid, I'd never trust a company that does scandals like that in the first place.
I just bought an M1 MacBook Pro, and this was my first visit to your channel. Thank you for a great presentation! The history really added context, and it was good to hear the viewpoint of someone not biased toward Apple. I'll be following 👍
I think the biggest difference will be that they'll be able to make fanless laptops that don't suck.
Compared to Tesla, Apple hasn’t changed anything — certainly not lately.
WHAT Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry?
2:48 maybe that apple fanboy should actually compare the same software or the same image?  Looks like Adobe lightroom isn't as laggy as Adobe photoshop, or they could've used a lower resolution image on the mac?  Also on the windows computer they were running the browser in the background but on the mac they weren't.  Seems like a very biased, unbalance comparison.
Impressive evolution of processing efficiency by an Apple acquisition. If it's sold by Apple it will never be cheaper the way x86 makers intentionally drove down costs to increase economic access to computing back in the 80s/90s. If Apple opened up their walled garden and invested some of that pile of cash on next generation enterprise computing, server technology, and systems management they could kill off MS and Intel fairly quickly or spur them towards another technology leap.   Power efficiency is a big win for more than mobile computing. Computers are so widespread now they are a significant driver for the worlds electrical power generation needs in spite of a time of higher environmental awareness about where all that power is going to come from. Less power consumption is always good. It also means less waste heat to need cooling which is another sizable power consumer especially in large offices, data centers, and future vehicles on Earth and in space. Apple could potentially make a valid value argument in spite of their notoriously higher prices if you look at it with the cost of ownership over the products lifetime.
I hated Apple before it was cool.
0:44 Recently?   There is nothing recent about being impossible to repair.  Since 2007, iPhones have never had easily-replaceable batteries.  The batteries have been glued into the device on nearly all Apple products for a decade now.  In 2008, they would refuse to repair the A1226/A1260 macbooks if the screen didn't turn on, but the issue that usually caused this was dead gpus, resulting in nothing being displayed on the screen, which was Apple's loophole to not give customers the repair.  Apple has been using pentalope screws since 2009, soldering in ram on macbook airs since 2010, and soldering ram in on pros since 2013.
The Kirin chip has similar or better performance that may broaden competition
"How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry" --- Uhhhh, no, they haven't... get real.
ive been saying that macs have been a horrible buy until now. Same with upgrading your Iphone every year, now i upgraded from a 6 plus to a 12 pro and super happy that apple made the big step forward for the tech industry and im happily giving my money for them.
All apple products are ordinary but to make it sounds better they overpriced so morons think they get something better with is not the case is hilarious to see poor people spend last money to buy this bs.
This is not really new - its been known for a long time that RISC outperforms CISC.  To the point that Intel chips are a CISC wrapper around a RISC core.  But that wrapper itself can be somewhat important in certain applications.  If you need one of those rarely-used instructions that doesn't exist on your RISC chip, you have to emulate it and an "instruction" that might take 12 cycles on a CISC chip ends up taking 100s of cycles to emulate via software.  But of course they're called "rarely-used" for a reason.  Most people don't care.  So OK lets ignore that for now and look at the second big problem with ditching Intel, and why Apple's change won't really be all that "disruptive" overall - compatibility.  I don't know what all Apple's included in their compatibility layer.  I've heard the programs that work tend to work pretty well, but I've also heard that many programs simply don't work.  You always have a trade-off in computing.  Certainly tech in general always progresses but its unlikely that Apple is _that_ much ahead of everyone else without giving something up, and compatibility has always been something they were pretty "flexible" with.  Intel (and Microsoft) have always put compatibility right at the top of the charts, as has IBM and Sun/Oracle and all of the other major computer companies.  Apple is different though.  Apple doesn't tend to sell multi-million dollar server systems that host infrastructure-critical banking platforms and the like.  If Intel gives up compatibility they have close to 500 of the Fortune 500 companies breathing down their necks.  If Apple gives up compatibility they have a handful of cranky people screaming at their minimum wage Apple Store workers and they really don't care.  Now maybe they've made some true innovations that the rest of the computing industry has managed to overlook, but from everything I've seen so far the biggest "innovation" is just telling people to go buy M1-enabled upgrades for all of their software.  And that's not even new to them - its basically what they did when they switched from PowerPC to x86.  Sure they included an emulation mode then too, and it also worked OK but kind of spotty.  And nobody really cared because Apple customers have long been used to re-buying crap every other year so what's one more thing?
So Apple took an ARM chip, modified it and rebranded is as the M1... Big whoop. Keep in mind that the "fastest CPU" claim is for single core performance only. Less expensive? LOL not really... A student can easily get away with using s $300 PC as opposed to a $1200 MAC.
Apple didn't  change the industry with this move! Apple went back to doing what they were originally known for
so can apple silicon power the robo taxis to order rides through apple maps using apple pay. lol their ecosystem dominance and potential is just astonishing.
You still cant play any high end games on it ......lol.....
Build the Iron-Man suit!
In the words of Phil Schiller, “Can’t innovate anymore, my ass!”
i'm wondering if i could run some of my games on the book now :D but i'll never give up my full sized keyboard / mouse / minimum 27" monitors :D,   absolutely hate touch pads.  but that's my preference anyhow.  wonder if x box and playstation are paying attention?
Tysm
I hope M2 kills ryzen too
change what? its old stuff at this point lol
“Apple doesn’t innovate anymore”. Well they do.
Misleading information, no real data! try to show some real benchmarks
Steve Jobs pulled this one on Intel laying in his grave. See, Apple aquired PA Semi in 2008 to manufacture their own ARM CPU.  RIP Steve, RIP Intel
ARM didi it.
thnx doode!
fantastic video
It's kinda sad that Apple is leading this revolution, I have a hard time figuring how the consumer can benefit from this with them at the front.
wait, so I'm screwed because I bought a new cpu this year?
I wouldn't use apple if it was given to me for free.
Bring back the Moto RISC chips.
I was seriously gonna take the hit and buy this first gen. ARM MacBook, well knowing that it might be rough in the beginning, because of incompatibilities. But those two ports scared me away. Not because it's just two ports.  I rarely use more than two ports at the same time on my current MacBook (power and monitor). But the fact that they are on the same side really stopped me from making my purchase. I was really looking forward to being able to charge my next laptop from any side, as it offers me the needed flexibility in the places where I work.  So yeah, dumb reason, but I'm buying the next one...
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
could you imagine an i9 10900k in a smartphone lol
What I really would like is owning one device, a smartphone, that connects to a dummy terminal with full-sized keyboard and mouse AND a portable dummy laptop to which I can also connect my smartphone as needed.
I'm holding out to see what apple does next year.  I will buy the Mac mini and part ex it when apple brings its new stuff next year.
wasn't apple involved in lobbying against a bill outlawing the use of slave labor? https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2020/11/20/apple-uighur/
Holy shiiiet, he can play league of legends maxed out on 60fps? Duuude that is sick. How? What a leap in technology. What a time to be alive, macbooks finally can play games at 60fps.  I mean the upsetting part is, that most of the people who are wowed with arm /apple have no fking clue that there are many sets of instructions that could have that piece of garbage arm cpu going up in flames. Instructions that will be nothing for x86. But hey, it loads videos faster and plays LoL with blazing 60 fps.  Then you ask your apple fanboy friend, what is your fps like? or, what is your ram like and he goes "eeem.. i don't know but a lot". That is where you know that they are full of shit, just like any apple product. Overpriced piece crap.
Im an ultras android fans but i really happy about this news, thats what apple suppose to do, to raise the bar so the competition getting better, and they just make it, big time, salute to apple, now is the time to relax and wait until xiaomi or another chinese company copy the tech and sell it cheaper hehehe,  peaceee ✌
Are we just going to skip over the entire arm architecture from the last few years...?
Would also recommend interviews with Sophie Wilson; e.g. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhwwrSaHdh8
So far, pretty much all the way through the video, I see nothing about the fact that it was Apple that went to Acorn, and presented the idea of a mobile version of their chip, which then became ARM, the chip, and the company, a partnership between Apple, Acorn and VSLI. This was because Apple needed a powerful (for the time) and low power chip for their Newton tablet. There’s is nothing about that here. Apple owned about a third of ARM. They sold the stock off in the early 2000’s.
RIP Intel
Yea but you can’t game it on a Mac and on pc you can and it’s way more expensive then appl at the end of the day
But how does it compete with amd 5000 series or my Ryzen 9 3900XT
Indeed great progress, but I'm not counting on lower end devices progressing the same way as Apple's chips. If they would, we could have replaced our desktops with raspberry pi's by now. I would wish for a more efficient desktop solution though, it's great to have a fanless system.
Technically ARM was never labeled as a Mobile CPU architecture, it just happened to be popular with mobile devices due to its efficiency.
MIPS used RISC architecture, why did they fail, was it marketing, bad timing or poor implementation or was it because SGI bought them, I heard that MIPS is used in Tesla model S and Playstation machines.
With Qualcomm and Exynos also crossing the threshold into PC level performance late next year, Intel is in big trouble.
I don't 'Apple', but the the chips sound amazing. Apple noob question - Can a Mac use regular Windows based programs that you might have previous subscriptions for, or are you looked into planet Apple??
I'm a PC fan.. but damn, that was a great video! Oustanding reporting and content. Subscribed!
Man you put iJustine crap in your videos ? And just beacause the M1 has dedicated Software projects developed for it's uArch doesn't mean it's faster than anything and changed entire industry. Wht a load of bullcrap. I just lost respect for you man, this was an awful piece of crap video.
Been using mac os for a year now. At first i liked it, but im not so sure. its simply not as good as windows in any way. Apple is a scam company. no innovation, just excuses to put up prices. everything they do is done better and cheaper by other companies. The M1 is a reason to put up prices and bully its competition. Iphone is a year/2 years behind other android phones.
Intel is.... Well I don't have a word for it though!
Even though the performance figures are exaggerated it is still an impressive chip. Independent testing puts it somewhere in the middle of the newest laptop CPU's and below all latest desktop CPU's. This is a very impressive showing for the first mainstream laptop ARM CPU. I am interested to see if they can continue to improve to desktop CPU levels. (Source: https://wccftech.com/intel-and-amd-x86-mobility-cpus-destroy-apples-m1-in-cinebench-r23-benchmark-results/ )
competition make consumers win!
Question is, how is it for Gaming? I've noticed Qualcomm chips having gotten better as well. Would be cool to see competition brought to nvidia
Great episode - I'm brand new here and I absolutely loved the clear, logical and very entertaining way you put this episode together - like a mini documentary.   I know it's hard work to do this and I wanted to tell you that you've done a fantastic job here.  I'll be sticking around for a long time. :)
I didn't like Apple as a company very much and still don't, but this is really awesome. I hope they (and others) keep the focus on innovation, rather than trying to suppress the competition with litigation.
Risc-v > arm imo
They didn't change anything coz nobody else can pull it out. iPhone has the most most powerful processor in any phone but how many people still opt for an Android? Right now Snapdragon's single core performance is about half of that of the A14 and M1. Ryzen can keep up but uses more power. Everybody else is stuck with Intel/AMD/Qualcomm. Apple's share might soar but the majority won't just get out and pick up a MacBook. The best bet for now is that AMD would come up with some killer ARM chips that works wonder so that everybody else other than Apple users could enjoy them.
That girl at the end with her laptop on the beach is going to get sand in her computer which will ruin it. Also how can you see the screen with all that sun and glare?
I don't understand one thing, how is MacBook so good at rendering and playing games if it only has 8 cores in the GPU. Don't high end GPUs have like 2000 cores? Like I have a Radeon 5700xt, is it comparable?
I wish I could show this video to those diehard Samsung fans from less developed countries, they simply don’t understand how much better these processors are
With brain implants you won't need a screen or a battery. The "screen" stuff will actually just appear in your vision like virtual reality, but because its tapped into your brain, you will hear and feel stuff too.
The interesting thing is this: If All of a sudden Intel comes out with a chip that is anything close to the M1 that will mean they were just being lazy all those years.
AMD Ryzen 9 5900X Is still king though.  Intel may be falling behind but AMD has taken the lead with desktop processors.  The Ryzen 9 5900x is 30% faster in Cinebench 15 64-bit single-core and 264% faster in multicore, compared to M1.  Overall the AMD is FAR superior in Desktop application. yes yes I know the M1 is a laptop CPU. But this video claims the M1 compares to top end desktop CPUs. AMD is the leader there now, NOT intel. But im not surprised Apple chose to compare itself to Intel.  Overall the Ryzen 9 5900x is obliterating ALL of the competition.  Compared to the M1 272.5% faster (about 3.5 times) in synthetic tests Higher maximum frequency (4800 vs 3200 MHz) AVX (Advanced Vector Extensions - a set of SIMD instructions working with 128- and 256-bit registers) AVX2 (Advanced Vector Extensions 2 - an extension to AVX, the set of SIMD instructions working with 128- and 256-bit registers) AES (Advanced Encryption Standard instructions set - hardware acceleration of AES encryption and decryption. Speeds up encryption software, e.g. Veracrypt) x86-64 (a general name for 64-bit extension of x86 instruction set. There are AMD64 and Intel 64 versions that differ very little) Virtualization (Hardware acceleration of virtual machines) Unlocked AES-NI save  Again, if you want a high end laptop go with the M1. Desktop? AMD is king. At least for now.
11:30 it says 130nm process !!!
I don't know, no repairability whatseover and limited to no upgradability, not sure this is enough to make me switch back.
Are PhD students dumber these days. I looked at the diagram and am sure the answer came into my tiny brain in less than two seconds. I believe this is a spatial awareness problem more than a mathematical one.
Bro I’ve always respected you as one of the best YouTubers but your use of hyperbole especially at the start is ridiculous. ‘It seems like everyone hates Apple these days’. Outside the butterfly Keyboard and the 1st quarter of XR sales, Apple has actually grown immensely in popularity. What they’ve been pushing the industry forward on isn’t gimmicks and hardware features. It’s more about longevity of a device, consistent updates and being a whistleblower for companies that mine your data. The iPad Pro is one of the best invention in the last 10 years and AirPods and Watch have completely changed the wearables industry. So it’s not a fair comment to make at all.
The bit you haven't mentioned is the environmental effect. Every desktop Intel chip is running at 60 - 150W depending on settings. That is a lot of CO2 release across the world!  Getting the standard business PC typically used for word, excel and email down to a few watts will have an important environmental aspect (assuming the e-Waste issue would be there anyway during standard replacement processeses)
when do you think other companies will start developing RISK based CPUs? if we let apple have the spotlight for too long, they may try to close the gate of entry into the development of desktop RISK CPUs for other competitors.
I am convinced Apple already knows and has made the technology of the future but it’s still releasing it part-by-part, year-by-year, and slowly. Who knows maybe Apple made M1 years ago but each year released something worse than M1. They are so consistent in their advancement per year. Just saying.
So in conclusion, current & future Apple laptop is just an oversized smartphone. Lol
Just shows that x86 has stalled but don't be fooled that arm is best, brute power is not arm
Simple, they couldn't do it, so they bought a company to do it for them.
Great videos. Should get a better recording setup to smooth out some of the P’s, C’s and S’s 😊
Great video! Where do you get all your footage?
Well Apple did it by ridding on the back of Steve Wozniak.
My trash can did not last past the warranty. After using Apple computers since 1993, I am very happy When I switched over to windows. I should have did it decades ago.
You are the Bomb...Thank you Sir.
This is a quite long commercial.
Costing a second mortgage for  inferiority - Apple, inc      Nobody who knows computers (those of us who understand the beauty of getting root on the systems of the neighbors you hate) has ever been an Apple fan and cannot even talk computers to those sheepple
My mind is blown...
As a windows user the x86 Intel chip has hit the buffers because of outrageous power demands & poor performance as compared to ARM. Microsoft need to dump x86 ASAP and move to RISC, time to wake up and smell the coffee!
Would Bentley engineering software be able to use it? It has been coded for intel chips.
I want an AMD Ryzen Threadripper 512 core SMT 4 CPU at 10 GHz with TSMC's 1nm 3D stacked RISC-V architecture running with only 10 Watts, with performant x86-64, x86, ARM64, ARM and RISC-V 32 bit emulation, and with Windows, Linux and Apple compatebility layer on whatever platform you are. I would of course choose Linux. 🐧 And a mix of OS software and architectural things, a layer which allows single-threaded applications to run multi-threaded.  The whole thing should be more performant than Zen5 x64 even when emulating and compatebility layering at the same time. 🚀   I can still dream xd 😴💭♥️👾🖥️
I doubt a RISC cpu will ever overpower a CISC cpu. In fact this would violate all known laws of computer architecture itself. RISC cpus are designed with power efficiency in mind, not performance. The ARM architecture is not exactly RISC because it does contain some complex instructions. I'd call it at best a SCISC (semi complex instruction set computer). It also seems at least in smartphones that the ARM cpu technique is to have more but less powerful cores, in which some only work when necessary. This of course, only works in highly parallel scenarios, which is not always the case in desktop computing.  And I have yet to see an ARM cpu overpower an i7 or i9 (or AMD equivalent) CPU. Until we got the actual side by side comparison, It's very scammy to say ARM more performant than x86_64. How do those CPUs handle heavy video editing? CPU Rendering? Cryptography (ARM cpus already do this)? And Macs have always been underperformant and pretty weak because their hardware has limited clocking dude to the fact the slim casing increases overheating by a lot. Macs in general are shinny but weak for demanding tasks, which might or might not be a problem for the average user. I'd love to see ARM win over x86_64, but I'll wait for the results.  And of course I doubt Rosetta will ever achieve good performance with demanding apps. If it does, then Apple will indeed raise some points in my consideration :)
Are we going to see Nokia's history repeat again? Will Intel go down?!!
how many millions did apple pay for this BS stop. apple is overrated overpriced and apple company is a virus.
Finally Apple gains a foot up on the competition when for the last decade they were behind.
Intel and AMD fans are looking to save their asses now😂😂😂
2:57 That's a technically unfair comparison. Didn't expect any from "youtubers".  Adobe Photoshop is not rebuilt for ARM64 on the Surface Pro X, but they were demonstrating the emulation of x86 apps on Windows 10 ARM. Where as, knowing apple's walled garden app store, that version of Photoshop was clearly recompiled for ARM, hence the smooth performance. What Windows demonstrated is actually much more, that users can bring their older apps to Windows 10 ARM, despite their architecture.
1:00 Hey! In English the word is "COMprable" not "comPARable". If you want to speak American you have to do it in an American accent, OK?
Perfect.
Leaving iphone proved to be Intel's death. For sure. If you don't have an iphone, you don't have an iphone
This is revolutionary hopefully the M1 chip can run the Dj softwares soon i will bee definitely getting a M1 pro!
Izvestia believed in it since the Newton.
Calm an interesting content. keep up the good work brother.
Oh god i cant watch this. Seriously, this is not Apples idea. This has been common for embedded and IoT from day 1. Snapdragon 860-880 cpus has been running windows for years now -- so what you believe is Apple being innovative, was done by Microsoft almost a decade ago. Sorry, but this is the lamest fanboy video i have seen in ages. Seriously "here it is extremely smooth" -- thats because of the onboard GPU you moron!
Intel wants a recount!
Comparing anything to Intel chips is just stupid. We are in 2020, ffs...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSV1UFbhJ-A
Apple sux
Thank goodness intel denied to make chip for iPhone otherwise Apple would have stocked with intel and M1 would never happened.
Wow at 2:35 you used a Footage from MKBHD where he's lying stating he had used the macbook for 4 days when the picture clearly shows he charged it to 59% the day before, guess apple is paying well for advertising with fake facts...
This is a old technology that has been on the work for many years with other companies  Apple just get credits because they are very good at marketing and marketing is to Bush the idea that one group created that product and is the best thing ever
Isnt ARM part of Nvidia and IBM??... a friend used to work for them..
I've been waiting for four years now for Intel to get their act together and release their 10nm processors for general use. Here's Apple , they release a 5 nm chip, graphics included, in a RISC chip and just blow Intel right out of the water. Well, if I can get a computer that has a usable number of USB ports, I guess I'll quit waiting and buy an Apple. If Intel doesn't do something revolutionary, and I mean soon, their processors will be relegated to running punch presses.
Apple has been down this road before with the PowerPC chips (a RISC chip just like ARM, but from the 90s)  because they refused to use intel chips at first. Now they feel they have more industry pull and want to lock down users and application environments even more.... they are OS communists so they feel confident they can muscle their own brand of chips back into the market again. Don't fall for it. Been there, done that.
LOL omg are you for real? Apple just bricked all their hardware, which means they cannot be re-used, and as a bonus they can render your device useless remotely. And you idiots applaud? By all means, follow the idiots that glue YOUR hardware shut. No thanks, Linux is right now the only real option for people who want their hardware in peace.
They bought ARM technologies. (I think)
Well, that's 26 minutes and 27 seconds of my life I will never get back. To quote Gertrude Stein, there "was no there there". 🥱🥱🥱 Snooze.
Where will the competition to M1 rise from the Windows side? Qualcomm?
6:17 "What does the sexpert think?" 😳   I guess things were more free and easy back then
I have just come from China Uncensored, Chris Chapple@s youtube video explaining how the China uses Uighars as forced labour in factories all over China, in connection with Apple and Foxcon products.  And then this video came up!
This video has no foundation. ARM processors were used in desktop PCs back in 90s.
The info in this video is how legit may I ask the community?
It's amazing what you can do with forced labour, bravo apple.
👏
What a long infomercial
8:24 "was running off residual power" - that is not correct. The chip got enough power to run through the pins/IO connections. Basically it was running from the little that was provided by the other circuitry through the signal lines. Nothing "residual"...
Meanwhile !! AMD has left the Chat .
ccp
They didn't change the industry, they just copied everyone else. The chips are fabricated by the same company AMD and Nvidia use which is TSMC. Just because Apple has 100s of billions of dollars to do something doesn't make a company great. Great would be if they had created the fabrication process in USA that TSMC has.
good
Did intel just become the next kodak/nokia?
Maybe if intel kept developing their CPUs this wouldn't happen even AMD is better that intel
Thoroughly enjoyed this video. Now I have a macro view of the CPU architecture used in all devices.
Great video man. Your videos are always top notch. Can’t wait for you to start your own production company and Discover comes knocking on your door to write and produce films for them... cause you know it’s going to happen.
Gary Kildall: The Sexpert
Amazing documentary film... I really enjoyed it... thanks for your work!
how apple did what? new macbook is not fastest laptop on the market. nor the one with highest battery life or even the best OS
As always Apple took the credit from someone else, it's RISC they didn't develop that, they just placed and played to use it efficiently with their OS, that's all.
The RISC vs CISC separation no longer exists nowadays. Using raw instructions for execution is no longer efficient enough, and thus both x86 and ARM chips decode instructions to micro-operations and execute them instead. (Yes, ARM does it too.)
An interesting video, sadly not very accurate.  The video doesnt differentiate between Instruction Set and Core Architecture. The ISA describes the interface the software is using, not how the hardware is working. The last Intel CPU with CISC cores were the original Pentium. Starting with the Pentium Pro the CPUs switched to RISC cores and kept only the old ISA for compatibility. That comes with some overhead for the decoders which had to translate CISC instructions for the RISC cores. That's why ARM and other RISC ISAs are better suited for ultra low power tasks. For general purpose tasks it doesn't make much of a difference nowadays because Intel and AMD optimized their decoders a lot.  The M1 has a very well designed core achitecture that can compete with Intel and AMD. What makes M1 so energy efficient is not the ISA. The cores might be a bit more efficient than the x86 competition, but not as much as you might think. Apple is using a better manufacturing process, has significant lower IO-Bandwith (which consumes a lot of energy in modern systems), uses quite a few special purpose blocks and integrates all important blocks on die or at least on package. That allows for shorter paths which means lower voltages and latencies with potential for higher clock-rates. For mobile devices that are only available with a fixed set of configurations that's ok, but you should be aware of the constraints that come with it. You don't have PCIe, RAM or a m.2 slots. So no more RAM or SSD space, no 10Gbit network. If a new video codec comes out, you loose hardware-acceleration if you want to use it. All that is (at least in principle) possible with all Intel Core or AMD Ryzen chips no matter if they're targeted for mobile, desktop or server systems. For a fair comparison we need to wait either for Apple to design a desktop chip or for AMD/Intel to design comparible pure mobile designs.
Honestly it's jusy tsmc and risc, nothing amazing here
They are still bad at some things. Shifting multitasking between many applications, all at the same time? Still cant beat multi cores.
I've used ARM from the very early days with ARM2 on Archimedes. It was better than x86 then and always has been. It was going to have a hard time supplanting the x86 at the time since ARM was a small company and PC sales were largely driven by US and global consumers who were not even aware of ARM. I just wished I had money at the time to buy shares in ARM as I was just a teenager back then. I wouldn't have to work now if I had.
I am waiting for M1 chip in the iPad Pro. Hopefully then I won't have to charge my iPad twice a day.
How much of the performance improvement is due to using a 5nm process instead of a 14nm process though?
While ARM is RISC not all RISCs are ARM. 7:15mark. There is no such thing as a SISC chip  you don't need to make up new word  you are a YouTube not an standards organization.
You don't mention in the video why M1 is this fast and the fact that it's not because of ARM. ARM is slower generaly because it has use more of the basic instructions, in turns more clock cycles to do same thing as x86 complex instructions. M1 has lots of specialized accelerators on SoC that ofloads slow cpu. Apple is the fastest but not for long I'm afraid
I can see Cheap windows laptops going ARM aswell.
Performance will become even better once they futher optimize apps to use the M1 architecture and its different speciallised modules.
I can't afford it, there for won't help Apple on more sales :)
NOT
Checkmate x86.
What is the track playing in the begin of the video?
in 87 i developed  on the acorn Archimedes, It was shockingly revolutionary.. so sad it died. Maybe I will look into the new ARM pc coming out from Raspberry Pi and see how its like under the hood.  Doubt that it will be as good because not only was the chip revolutionary so was the operating system and development tool set. How revolutionary?  Lets say you are developping an App. You start with a GUI and start coding the event procedures in C++ and you reach a little routine that you want to optimise and you start coding in assembly.  Sounds hard? no it easy because the ARM RISC  was only 11 instructions and you use only about 5 for most things.  Its Joyously incredible for a programmer. because it easy to flow from machine code to high-level GUI and Databases. That was the real power of the Acorn Archimedes.
Plenty of unfounded assumptions preface the video, no people don’t hate Apple today, it’s just the same crowd that has always criticized it.
UK teaching US tech
It did not change anything, the software will take years to iron the kinks and I don't know anybody that can't wait to get into Apple walled garden.... Or for that matter work with buggy software!..... There will be other players with ARM as well there has been others before that could not develop software fast enough or work properly!...
People call apple luxury but here's a 999$ machine beating around a 2500$ (and more) machine? Still Apple expensive?
I wonder if Intel will be able to recover from this with some good innovation of their own
Already noticed the Intel or X86 architecture peaked even since 5/6th Gen processors... with good external GPUs, you can forget about playing ANY decent graphics games. My 2 year old laptop (i5 8th Gen with 24GB RAM) is even struggling to run games like Company of Heroes. LOL.   Wanted to get Mac books but I saw it is still running Intels... and at the same time witness the rise of mobile phones including Apple able to RUN almost on par with laptops >> also cost close or more than laptops.  Hence the time has come! I am pretty impressed by the M1 chip performance but looking at the SOC architecture (compared to X86, which requires external RAM, GPU, and all POWER HUNGER LOL), it is not surprising cos everything you need to run IS inside the chip... so now the sky is the limit for Apple's MX chips.  So what's next for non-Apple computers? only HOPE is AMD and if there is any ARM based chips that can "replace" the aging X86. Erm yes, it is bye bye for Intel.   Looks like I can buy a MAC and run Windows in it soon haha.
Intel has been eightysixed.
Excellent video!  I worked for Gateway 2000 computers from 1993-2001 and this video really opened my eyes to the entire computer industry.
I am interested in Desktops that are more powerful. And having efficient chips should aid with that. The less power you use the less heat you generally generate and all that. And seeing RISC based chips on the desktop side is not something I see as unrealistic. After all it has happened before. The original Acorn computers where desktop. The Power PC was mainly desktop.
I'll tell you what I'm not excited for, Apples continued push to heavily locked and controlled hardware preventing people from doing simple repairs to their own devices. This new chip will allow them to expand that business model, and with that they can continue to overinflate hardware costs, and force people into buying more of it rather than repairing and maintaining what they already have. The tech improvment is great, but anyone with an ounce of intelligence know Apple will use this to try further drive their monopoly and with that lock their customers into paying whatever premium they see fit to apply. The reduction in their app store cut is a drive to get more developers on board and further push this agenda. Great for business, great for end user experience, but likely really bad value for money for their customers.
In a few years time, I think the mac will be more and more affordable.
Investing with good trading strategy helps a lot in earning good profit, am speaking out of experience. thanks to Mr James Noah for his great assistance
Amd beats Intel in Desktop PC's  Intel: Atleast we're relevant in laptops  Apple: ARM goes brrrr
The closing design was dope
Lol, it was $399 to replace the ram on a 2014 macbook air back in 2016 . GL
But how long do their products last?
holyfuc ! i still remember using Siemens C35 with java operating system!!!  technology went too fast i'd say..  and O2 was the glorified phone back then
The much-needed quantum leap !!
Please help a lost soul. Is the M1 completely Apple, or are they paying licensing to “ARM” still? I don’t understand things
I wonder if anyone would even consider doing a socketable ARM cpu for a fully fledged desktop cpu, it seems like an interesting idea.
They also say that there is a different memory architecture (similar to consoles I think), and this alone can win a magnitude of performance over old Intel stuff.
this is a call for sure
This man has been very heavily affected by marketing, here are a few notes: 1. Apple did not change the entire industry, the RISC-V architecture is, ARM is just a way to get RISC-V into more peoples hands sooner 2. The M1 chip is no-where near the fastest CPU in the world. Think of the AMD Threadripper 3990X, or quantum computers, etc. 3. This does sound like it's coming from an Apple fanboy 4. We dislike Apple because of things like their dictatorship over programs we can and cannot run (not being able to run 32-bit programs on Macs, not being able to upgrade RAM, etc.) 5. The PC master race will always win.
So here we're biting on a bait set by cult-driven youtubers (not you, the one you're citing) comparing apples (almost literally) to (probably badly built and thermally throttling) oranges? Citing apple keynotes as facts, while they literally inspired a style of presentation that drifts from facts as much as legally possible? (or even further, in the case of the theranos lady.)  Also are we glossing over the fact this chip switch is all due to amd coming back on the scene, completely moving the focus of computing (and of intel research) from low-power to high-performance once again? Intel doesn't really care anymore about apple as a customer (Did they ever? Apple embraced Intel, because of the failure of their previous PowerPC business venture, not the other way around.) and apple never really bothered installing intel chips in well ventilated spots that don't subject them to thermal throttling.  Providing chips to apple is always a low margin deal with a risk of getting bad reputation along with it (because apple doesn't really care about following the specs). Intel certainly likes the money, but not that much. After all the last chip manifacturer that really leaned a lot on apple, motorola, went under: so, maybe, let's not follow that path?  And that to say nothing of the patent maelstorm that would rise out of this M1 thing... they already embarked in a decade-long legal battle with nokia over wireless patents they openly refused to acknowledge. God (and apple) knows how many patents this time they are planning not to aknowledge, just because they think they have better lawyers.
As a PC tech enthusiast, it's kinda funny to see people on your side of YouTube laud Apple's work in getting an ARM chip to perform slightly better than Intel's 14nm stuff while ignoring the performance revolution we've gotten from AMD.
M1 might be the new "Shiny", but at what cost?  Apple doesn't want users to repair and reuse, but to replace. Apple would rather that the user loses their data, than recover it. When things go wrong, you go from being an Apple user, to being used by Apple.
This entire video was an advertisement
In a university course when I learned about CISC & RISC, then i got to know that mobile uses RICS and pc uses RICS. At that time i was thinking to myself "why the hell would pc still uses CICS?". After watching this video i got my answer and thanks to apple for taking the next big step.
This might be the best youtube video I've ever seen
Intel's stunted performance gains is largely due to being stuck on a 14nm process. The Intel comparison is a fine narrative for the video, but ignoring AMD as an x86 processor is a bit deceiving when they've made monumental performance gains of their own.
Intel has been slacking for like half a decade or more
Apple should sponsored this video
Wow. Great video. It gets better as it goes along. I'm no Apple fanboy, I'm a Linux sysadmin by trade, but now I'm extremely jealous of my daughter. She's an apple fangirl and we'll get her an imac with the m1 chip for college. She'll have the best machine in the house.
Dear god... GET TO THE POINT!!!
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
Upon learning about the M1 chip I thought "Oh wait, Apple did something that wasn't just some kind of iPants for only $1399.99?!" Now that it seems the idea was decades in the making, envisioned by Steve Jobbs himself, everything makes sense again.
Apple: "You know, we should 'go back to' RISC chips.   They might even make our chunky OS run as smooth as linux does on intel chips."   PPC was RISC.   This is hardly any paradigm shift.   And they're certainly not changing the industry.  Their architecture is closed.   Apple may be changing the appleverse, but that will remain the domain of those with large amounts of disposable income who don't mind devices engineered to likely fail in a couple of years.  They just expect you to buy the new model then anyway.
Even with the M1 there's still an elephant in the room: what of the higher end machines like the iMac Pro and the Mac Pro? Well, you can be certain Apple have you covered. They would not have pushed the button on this transition if they weren't damn certain they could deliver these higher-end machines AND have them outperform current models. One advantage Apple has in this regard is that the chip designers work hand-in-hand with the OS software team which enables each group to tweak their designs to optimise the entire system holistically. As Alan Kay said many years ago, if you want to write truly great software, you have to build your own hardware.  I strongly suspect Apple already have floorplans for the M2, M3 and M4 ready for testing. Reading the tea leaves, here's where I think it could be going: a future high-end M-series SoC will probably have 16 CPU cores, 16 GPU cores and 32 NE cores with up to 512GB of high-bandwith low-latency RAM strapped to the side. A Mac Pro could have four of these on board and possibly even the ability to add additional daughter cards each with up to 4 SoCs—if Fugaku is anything to go by, this kind of scalability is certainly possible.  A truly scary prospect is, what if future M-series SoCs were taped out on gallium nitride rather than silicon? GaN moves electrons about hundreds of times faster than silicon, allowing for clock frequencies in the THz range, potentially increasing performance by three orders of magnitude simply by virtue of a change in materials science.  The next few years are going to be very interesting.
propaganda...
What do you think Apple's high-end desktop chips will look like?   A lot of the performance and efficiency of this M1 chip comes from the on-package memory. Having ultra fast, low power memory on-package not only means data can be accessed much faster but it also requires a lot less power to do this compared to normal DIMMs of DDR4, the only issue is it's relatively expensive, especially when you need a lot. I think the entire Apple performance philosophy will rely on this design, so I could see there being a 32GB, 64GB and 128GB version of the CPUs for the high end desktops. Although at $200 per 8GB that would mean a 128GB chip would cost $3200 in RAM alone and that's using the much cheaper DDR4L when I believe they might (should) move to HBM.   There is a chance they will still max out at 16GB or maybe up to 32GB of on-package memory, then rely on having a secondary slower 'normal' RAM option, maybe DDR5 depending when these come out, that can be configured to huge capacities at slightly more palatable prices.  But my money would be on Apple producing a monster chip (similar in design to the Fujitsu A64FX chip) with something like 128GB of ultra fast HBM, 8 layers giving around 4TB/s of bandwidth, to be used as the unified memory for the whole chip which is then directly connected to a PCIE 5 'hyper-drive' SSD over 16 or more lanes. These could actually be very fast, offering up to 128GB/s on PCIE-5 (over 16 lanes). Also PCIE-6 isn't that far off, probably 2023 which doubles this again to 256GB/s. These speeds are actually faster than 8 channels of fast DDR4 and you can make these drives much larger and cheaper! We really could see the death of normal DDR memory on DIMM with a move to ultra fast on-die / on-package system memory plus ultra fast SSDs. Latency might be an issue but a small price to pay for the overall massive performance boost we would see from a shift to system designs like this.   As ever the main enemy on monster chips is heat but ARM architectures have a massive advantage here over x86 plus switching to HBM rather than DDR will help a fair bit too.  I could see the top end Mac Pro Chip in 2021 looking something like this:  32 core CPU (all high performance Firestorm cores) 128 core GPU 128 core Neural Engine 128GB HBM  Built on TSMC's 5nm+ (it's too early for 4nm or 3nm)  Price: ~$15-20k
Imagine that M1 in the hands of Razor or Asus or Dell.
The easiest way of flexing is with an arm
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
Arm makes VR portable electronics more feasible
It wasn’t connected to a power source, but it was running...  *Old vegeta voice*  That... That’s outrageous!
Sadly such a good processor will never leave apple laptops or macs which are overpriced, unreliable and hard to fix if at all...
Also damn... For the first time in my life I can imagine buying an Apple product, and then even having to defend it for a couple years while everybody figures it out.
EPIC.
The real disruption happens when the disruptive tech goes more or less open source.  Though Apple will likely have another successful cycle of unbeatable market demand and pricing that lines their coffers for a future decade of innovation, the first organization that can keep up with or draft directly behind Apple's designs, but offer massive composability for customization, user serviceability, and support 3rd party/mods/hacks will dominate...  Open source, distributed ledger, and collaborative processes are like a third line on that graph that will just be sweeping up whatever they can get their hands on as it trends towards outperforming basically every sector.
I can't wait until we can buy custom arm-cpu's and run linux/windows arm-based computers
I’ve got a test for you, how many ARM chips do you have in your house?
Amazing video that opened my eyes!
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
newer chips use x64.. x86 is obsolete
M1 may prohibit competition on all Mac platforms through tyranny of apple store
Let's not assume the rest of the industry is going to stand still though. Certainly Apple knows it and now it's for Intel to come up with either something amazing or end up the way of Kodak. The next few years are gonna be very interesting for the computing industry.
Amazing!
Brilliant video & nice narration!
at the moment its just the price stopping this
intel just can't catch a break at the moment!
Since nvidia is buying arm, now is a good time to buy nvidia stock.
YAP Sunrise is a fantastic track.
so basically if apple can make bigger a14 chip and put in imac, it can outrun intel for decades
Graphene will be another major advance particularly as already known battery advances progress more widely.
I just hope that if ARM gets popular on PCs the ability to boot Linux etc. won't be lost.
SPYWARE built in(TM)
Man your videos are just so amazing I dont really know what else to say. Thank you so much. And do let us know if there is some way we should donate or something if needed. I hope that you can keep on making videos like this forever.
I wonder if consoles will have chips like this in the future?
whats this guy doing at 23:55? what is this set up?
Will Intel join the club of failed tech monopolies?
Can ARM CPUs work with a dedicated GPU? If the current ones can't, is it possible to build an architecture that can? Do dGPU have a future in this or will they also be overlapped by ARM integrated GPUs?
I ffu** hate Apple with a passion, but if by doing their usual despicable anticonsumer antirepair antics, they stumble onto something that actually compels intel to step up their game, in addition to AMD demolishing them in performance and value nowadays, then I can get onboard with that.
This is great, intel is now forced to do better.
Rumor has it that Bootcamp and Parallels aren't for M1 Macs.
Best video about the Apple arm Transition so far!!!
Sp it still useless to me you unable to fix it as cool as it sounds it won't last very long
This video is dishonest. The M1 chip falls way behind desktop chips like the 5600X in both single and multi core. It's faster than their previous Macs using x86 architecture, but outside of Apple products it really isn't on the same level as Intel's and AMD's desktop chips.
apple always was like that, no matter how much people ridicule them these days apple always thinks ahead and isn't afraid to take daring decisions
schewpid..ahh i see
AMD, now Apple
Problem with this presentation it didn't go into the proof that M1 is fastest. According to what benchmark? What is the accuracy of the benchmark? There is a big assumption that Apple with ARM is just faster without proof. Indirectly this video has become a promotional video for Apple. Also it didn't talk about programming compilers and CPU instruction sets. Code can be optimised to use more specialised instructions to run certain calculations faster.
MORE LIKE A SPONSORED AD FOR APPLE !! CLEVER UNSUBSCRIBED!
I could see people being upset solely because its apple doing it. And they will most likely do everything in their power to hamper other companies adopting the technology. Lots of patenting and lots of court cases.
I've seen raspberry pi videos that say they run on ARM. Could you run the Apple OS on a pi?
If Microsoft comes out with a decent 64-bit "Windows for ARM," that software developers will support, AND if Apple starts selling its Mx chips for other PC manufacturers, that would be an earth-shattering development. Apple could replace Intel as the primary CPU developer for PCs. Even if Microsoft doesn't do its part, Apple still stands a chance of taking over the PC industry (and replace Microsoft as primary OS maker, too.) Of course, Apple wants the whole cake, so they probably won't sell their Mx CPUs to other manufacturers. But it might not be a bad idea, because it would guarantee that Apple would make $300-$500 profit from every PC sold including non-Apple PCs. In fact Apple could also license its OS to third party manufacturers of Mx computers for an extra $100-$200. The only scenario that this is likely to happen is if the government breaks up Apple into four separate companies which sell (a) the Phones, (b) the computers, (c) the CPUs, (d) the OS and software.
This video just reeks of bias.
Only mentioned in a side note: AMD (x86) is beating both Intel and Apple M1.
125 W vs 5 W, and 5 W has better performance, fake
"Intel's inside", hiding from Apple's M1
Intel is the new Nokia.
You totally missed out on three additional key points about the new M1 processors:    1.  The inclusion of M1 replacing Intel has allowed Apple to drop the prices of all its model across the board because they nolonger have to pay any hefty license and branding tech royalties to Intel.  This means Apples new product line is now more in line cost-wise to the consumer as an otherwise comparably equipped PC AND Apple its absorbing more profits at the same time by drinking their own cool aide... That move simultaneously makes their brand more competitive on the upfront cost for those who mainly only care about sticker shock.  But its a move that also makes deeper thinking people realize there is actually nothing truly "comparable" in the PC flavor because Apple's new hardware has outclassed the competition not just in one category but nearly every category at once by this move.   2.  Moving away from Intel to "in-house" is all a major bonus to the security and dependability of their platform.  Not only is Apple completely in control of design and enhancements, they now hold all the keys to data security being they control the flow of data throughout the entire machine now with no outside vendor's hardware now of any significant note that can compromise or surprise Apple with unknown security flaws.  Apple Is now the master of not just their constellation of hardware, but the entire universe it fits in.  Any future cute "hacks" aimed at undermining CPU security will be easier and faster for Apple to deal with because they control everything end to end and don't depend on waiting for another vender to fix things.  Apple will thus having brought all problems and new designs in-house greatly speed responses and fixes thus to uncovered silicon exploits  of their new platform going forward.  3.  This is far more than just a RISC or ARM processor.  This is essentially almost an entire system on a chip (SOC).  .....These chips have something extra-spcial in them going forward which is accelerator cores purpose-built for machine learning.  Yes, you heard me right.. Apple has accelerated special purpose processing cores which will further enhance and accelerate Mac and iOS platform apps with unrivaled power in the world of artificial intelligence and AI.  As we move towards the singularity, this one event stands out  as a point of acceleration towards that theoretical point in time.    4.  The reduction in power usage in just converting their own massive iTunes and iCloud related datacenter serves from Intel to Apple Silicon will save Apple alone millions annually in power usage.. but will also I predict lead to #5.   5. The huge advantages going forward in massive performance enhancements and power use reduction will incentivize Apple to make a serious push now into the server hardware market, just as a side-effect of modernizing their own server farms to take advantage of these massive gains in power and performance.  New massively powerful multiprocessor-multicore Apple silicon servers will.push Apple Servers into a more competitive posture for gaining market share where they have never seriously gained much at all.  They would be wise to use this moment to go after servers aggressively.
Wait, who hates Apple??  Oh yes, that’s right. People with deep inferiority complex issues.
Classic Apple. "We innovated and made laptops with ARM processors. We changed the world". Chromebooks and Windows both with ARM for at least 8 years..."uh ok"
Steve Jobs will be so proud of this M1 moment.
Great and informative piece. But cringe fest like 9:24 has no place in such a high production level video. Since when is the plural form of English words written with a bloody apostrophe? That "cycle's" made my eyes bleed.
Sounds like my next Laptop is going to be a Mac!
For the past 10 years, the most innovative companies in the world have been putting billions and billions into improving phone and mobile device chips, above and beyond that put into traditional computers.    In hindsight, it should have been obvious that ARM, used in phones and mobile devices, would one day catchup and then eclipse x86 chips.  I'm sure other companies also saw this trend, but yet again, Apple seems to be leading the way, willing to gnaw off a leg (it's Intel line) in order to go forward.    Google and Amazon, looking at the massive reduction in power usage when using  ARM, while retaining processing power, are going to double down on the projects they were already working on with regards to servers, especially with 5G now on the onramp.  Companies that already build ARM chipsets, like Samsung, are going to be able to duplicate or get close enough to Apple's achievements pretty soon.  I don't think Intel or AMD will be able to react fast enough, if they even can.
Oh god, the inaccuracies.....  Where do I begin?  No mention of the fact that "the arm processor" isn't even a thing.  ARM themselves haven't  manufactured a single CPU for many years now.  reduceperformanceoffered a multi-core option in the form of Core (1) that Apple made the switch.  Fast-forward to today - ARM devices are in nearly every consumer electronics device EXCEPT x86 laptops.  The jump in adoption was only accelerated by Atmel abandoning support for their 8-bit family of ACICs.  Ironically, the Apple x86 portables have 1 or 2 ARM subsystems (the LED strip, running a  modified WatchOS and the T2 which allows Apple to bypass Intel's horrible "security" tech.)  Not all ARMs are "phone CPUs", nor are Apple's ARM silicon offerings.  In fact, Nearly every electronic device sold today has one or multiple task-specific ARM processors for various functions.  Technologies like HDMi, 4k, and many more would not exist if Intel were in charge.  THE ONLY consumer electronics that run non-ARM silicon are Windows laptops.  I'm glad Apple has moved on.  Intel is one of the laziest tech companies on earth.  Good riddance.
The problem is, that Intels X86 architecture contains a long period of computer evolution. Keeping always upgrade compatibility makes it more and more looking like an medivial town. Resulting in large chip size and high energy consumption. I began 1988 to program something on an M68000 Amiga in assembly. After 1998 I changed to Intel X32 PC with my assembly project. After 2005 I incorporated the AMD X64 architecture. Because CPU's seems to become always bigger, I started after 2015 to invent a new Intel X86-128 architecture. It is shown in my YouTube channel. This new X128 architecture sets the addressing formalism to a new construction with one byte per addressing item. Leading to 32 register with 8 size variants. This results in the opportunity that the X128 CPU can have versions with 32, 64, 128, 256, 512 bits registers for general purpose registers. called LAX, LDX,...,L31. For the X87 and the XMM unit addressing sizes from 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 and 128 bytes per register/memory position is possible. The X128 CPU architecture must not be used only as 128 Bit CPU. A 32 Bit version for small Coffee machine controllers can be realized as well. The Intel X86-128 architecture is highly scalable from microcontrollers up to scientific super computers. The opcodes are the same as on current X86 processors. The X87 architecture can be expanded to handle floating point numbers with up to 320 decimal digits matching in 1024 bit floating point registers. The X87 and XMM unit must be deeply reformulated to get in usability packages high performance for different application situations with strongly reduced energy consumption, by discarding all medivial old constructions of X86. All old stuff which may be still necessary should be moved to software emulation in the operating system. Making the new X86-128 processor small and energy efficient. The X86 architecture has a beautiful assembly language. ARM don't have it. I fight for a new Intel X86 architecture, to let this better assembly language and my work survive.
Surprised no one is talking about the spyware bullshit lmao
Can u imagine how much the life of a professional who depends on a laptop to survive will change in the next years? Thrift is everything.
Do a video on AMD.
Credit to freddyt55555:  "Claims:   Up to 3.5X faster CPU performance  Up to 3.9X faster video processing  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction MacBook Air systems with Apple M1 chip and 8-core GPU, as well as production 1.2GHz quad-core Intel Core i7-based MacBook Air systems...  Conclusion:  M1 has faster CPU performance and "video processing" performance than Intel's craptastic ULV Ice Lake processors.  Claim:  Up to 7.1X faster image processing  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction Mac mini systems with Apple M1 chip, and production 3.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i3-based Mac mini systems  Conclusion:  M1 has faster iGPU than the lowest-spec'd Mac Mini running the Intel Coffee Lake quad-core i3-8100 CPU with Intel UHD graphics  Claim:  Our high‑performance core is the world’s fastest CPU core when it comes to low‑power silicon  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction 13‑inch MacBook Pro systems with Apple M1 chip and 16GB of RAM measuring peak single-thread performance of workloads taken from select industry-standard benchmarks, commercial applications, and open source applications. Comparison made against the highest-performing CPUs for notebooks commercially available at the time of testing. Performance tests are conducted using specific computer systems and reflect the approximate performance of MacBook Pro.  Conclusion:  One of the 4 big cores in the M1 was able to perform better in single-thread mode at peak (not necessarily sustained) than other notebook CPUs, although some of these, most notably 8-core models, would probably crush the M1 in multi-thread performance.  Claims:  Up to 2X faster CPU performance  Matches peak PC performance using 25% of the power  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction 13‑inch MacBook Pro systems with Apple M1 chip and 16GB of RAM. Multithreaded performance measured using select industry‑standard benchmarks. Comparison made against latest‑generation high‑performance notebooks commercially available at the time of testing. Performance tests are conducted using specific computer systems and reflect the approximate performance of MacBook Pro.  Conclusion:  The M1 is faster and more efficient that other notebook CPUs at cherry-picked benchmarks, but not necessarily in "commercial applications, and open source applications" like in the single-thread comparison. Hmm. Why not?  Claim:  3X CPU performance per watt  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction 13‑inch MacBook Pro systems with Apple M1 chip and 16GB of RAM, as well as previous‑generation Mac notebooks. Performance measured using select industry‑standard benchmarks. Performance tests are conducted using specific computer systems and reflect the approximate performance of MacBook Pro.  Conclusion:  The M1 has better performance per watt than previous Mac notebooks. In this metric, I would hope an ARM based processor would have better numbers than Intel's old heaters. The question is how far back is this "previous-generation" Macs? Why is this metric not compared against "latest‑generation high‑performance notebooks commercially available at the time of testing"?  There are bunch more footnotes that I don't care to look at, but you can see how Apple is comparing the M1 using different metrics against different types of devices."
This has to be the beginning of the end of X86. It's about time too, considering it's been around for >30 years. I just hope that AMD can successfully transition.
Efficiency will hopefully lead to a less polluted planet.  Apple could be back in the server space in a BIG way.  Can you imagine the zillions of x86 procs used by Amazon and Google being replaced by this?  Can you see the benefit of energy consumption being a fraction of what it is?
I can see the scams now: "How to download and install ARM chips for PC FREE Download"
I really love the power efficiency of ARM devices - read Raspberry Pi. I needn't have to use a desktop just to connect to Citrix and use my office work machine. Sadly SBCs will be the only way for ARM powered devices for general computers!
but can it run Crysis?
I'm not an apple fan... But this is definitely awesome... And scary at the same time because I don't want to be put in a situation where I have to switch my OS lol
I've been saying for a couple of years now - has nobody noticed how slow PC performance (particularly price/performance)was improving (even worse on laptop)? I have two pcs one with a 4770 and the other a 3550 (I think the number is - 3rd gen i5 anyway). They run win 10 absolutely fine and you could game on them no problem by sticking in a modern graphics card. I wonder if this made intel and AMD complacent. They've just been tweaking for 10 years. Make the clock speed a little faster, lose a few watts on the power consumption, put in a few more cores on the high end. I wonder if the graphics card improvements have enabled them to be a bit lazy in innovation? I'm surprised they didn't go massively parallel or something (they left this to the graphics cards....) to open up new software possibilities - this is the advantage of being plugged into the mains! The main thing I have noticed is the snails pace of improvement in low end intel laptops. They have been flogging just ***** CPUs in sub £/$400 laptops for years and years - and the manufacturers are no better  often still loading them with  4gb ram 🤣🤣!!!! It's lazy and greedy and they deserve to fail.
No one thought about the MBP 16" with a 99 KWh battery, imagine 30 to 35 hrs of batterylife
I am have been a computer tech for more than 30 years, for the past 10 years I have been the owner operator of my own MSP / Cyber Security company ... I am a Windows / Linux guy but have to work on Macs also ... mostly Windows systems because most businesses run Windows. That being said, I am excited to see where things go from here, we all win because Apple has pushed the bounds of tech ...
Great history about the evolution of ARM with RISC vs, CISC. However you needed to discuss the importance of SoC (System on a Chip) with the M1 with the integration of CPU, GPU, Image, Neural and Memory components that remove slow bus connections. In effect the motherboard is being subsumed.
Jesus christ apple users are so pompous, every top comment is so fucking pretentious its hilarious.
I am happy with the progress being made, but I am afraid because it is made by Apple.  Even though I am using Apple product, im hoping another company can still  keep up.
Unpopular opinion but it would be unwise to concentrate money and power into Apple as it's a FACT that Apple would not hesitate to squeeze you unmercifully!
And it was that moment when intel knew, they fkd up.
Imagine an ARM Processor so big it uses 145 Watts of Power.
People are blown away playing League of Legends at 60fsp, what a time to be alive.
Hackers was right. RISC
I can see Apple offering a Macbook SE in a couple of years at $500-700 and getting its market share up to close to 50%.
Informative. Thank you
Meanwhile you can use a VM on any similarly or cheaper priced windows device and get similar or better performance for emulation needs without the issues of wireless bluetooth connectivity found on the new M1 line of mac books. In fact if you have a relatively newer model year mac book that doesnt have any issues you should probably skip this iteration because like with most NEW products in technology it seems as if we are the beta testers for each new line. Apple didnt change the entire industry, it merely combined its ecosystem and fine tuned their device efficiency. Hell yea the battery life and performance is pretty good, but it isnt life changing like the original iphone was. You could easily skip the new product release and not miss out on anything, you will avoid headaches if you find yourself consistently unlucky with tech.
49857th Like.
Intel ,MS, what's your card next?
Intel's just gotten complacent in the last couple of years. They thought AMD wouldn't catch up, so they were just milking the market and innovating super slowly. Now AMD and Apple both are gonna make them pay for that. I really hope intel does get through this though, more competition is always good.
no im not exited in the future where more then half of the population will be destroyed with technocrats and new technology. Hitler would be as he was with movie making and brain washing , I'm not
Apple has some serious witchcraft going on 😂
soon the will make IconcentationCamps.....who knows maybe already do, but with today's censure that is worst then Soviet Union we won't know
i remember when the tegra k1 was suppose to change everything
Can it run Windows and as low price as Windows PCs? If not then I won't buy one
amazing informative video thanxxxxxxx
Microsoft needs to ditch Intel - would be nice to see an ARM version of Windows 10.
Next up, Apple changes the architecture and disables x86 support forcing millions of customers to pay for M1 compliant software upgrades. Seen this before.
Yawn
0:22 my love video :X.
But have to pay for everything in Apple world.
Bought a 16” in Jan, how do I sell this bad boy for a new Mac 😭
Does apple today still pay ARM licensing  fee ? Or did the PA Semi acquisition include a perpetual license?
Im not an Apple fan I don't like how they do business. I hope competition catch up real quick to this.  AMD you listening??
Great presentation.  I'm no techie, however I appreciate the tech explanations, along with the industry history that has been leading up to the M1 primer.
The way they changed the industry is how they can charge more for their products.
Wow. What a rational exploration.  Thank you. Subscribed and Liked.
Should have mentioned that Apple was an early investor (practically a cofounder) of ARM. Apple also choose poorly (though without good alternatives) in working with IBM who were quickly moving away from all hardware to services, and Motorola who couldn’t keep up with demand. And neither IBM nor Motorola could invest in the R&D needed to keep to PowerPC competitive.
Easy travel time of signals between the memory and the CPU. The CPU has now 8Gb or 16Gb of cache memory.
Talks about opening chrome as fast as his desktop, what kind of dinosaur pos is he using? That took forever.
I am waiting for phones to have advanced DLSS and ray tracing!
Apple can brag about its M1 chip as much as it wants. It will lose to AMD/Intel in a couple of years. It happened before. It will happen again. Also I think people should have waited a bit to see benchmarks. From what I have seen, there is nothing sort of changing the entire industry.
HPPA
The arm a76 came out awhile ago and apple isnt the only phone to get it
Excellent
Apple changed nothing, Arm processors have powered multiple devices for years.
Thank you for including clips of Stewart Cheifet, and Gary Kildall from Computer Chronicles.
I'm actually planning to make a movie using iPhone 12 max pro only. will be released on youtube next year.
no real proof just vague claims need others to verify these claims
IMO this video was not objective to the industry. Apple is no Tech-Hero! Their products "Work" yes, they work well, but more and more people like myself want versatility and the ability to repair our own devices. The prices Apple charges for their devices is absolutely rediculous, 10-20X the cost of manufature, then they take extensive steps to prevent repair even to the point of securing any possible sources for parts, even suing private shop technicians for making unauthorized repairs. This is why everbody hates Apple today. I'm sorting my recycle trash and Apple is filling landfills with devices that could be repaired but that wouldnt make them any $$. Intel did in fact get confortable being the top CPU manufacture, AMD has always been a thorn to Intel, but Intel has a huge market share and they have a long way to fall. I've always been an AMD fanboy, and Android is the only mobile device I will buy today. I would like to see a true SxS comparison of the different CPUs running the same software! Each architecture has its strengths, to jump on the Apple Cart because of 1 product is simply short-sighted.
Sorry but you started this video with complete BS. Apple has NOT "increased prices to a ridiculous levels" they have actually done the opposite, consistently done the opposite. That is just a comment that does not understand what Apple has achieved and how it has dramatically brought prices down within the industry. I have been specifying and using technology within pro industries (design, film, tv, research, broadcast, etc) since the 90's, and time and time again Apple has taken huge chunks out of pricing. People only "hate" Apple because they don't have the knowledge to understand what they have achieved, and they blindly follow narratives that have no substance. It is not a question of "if" Apple has done something that could change the industry, it is that Apple has done it again. If you have been watching closely like I have since the early 90's, this has been planned for a long time, Apple are playing the long game, and there is much more to come.
Apple uses forced labor in Communist China.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3V4buEgPYAY&ab_channel=ChinaUncensored
Who's the hottie at 9:50, and is she indian or caucasion, can't quite tell.
So the next question is, when will RPi start using M1 class ARM chips? Will it be at the release of the RPi5 or RPi6?
It would cost an ARM and a leg
Intel has been busy building computer brains lol
Can i use this kind of contant for my channel?
i will wait until ipad pro can use macos apps and that would be ground breaking. it's possible and not that far long i hope...
Interesting that it took Apple to put Moore's Law back on track.
If there was, and is, no real practical need for the additional instruction sets of CISC, why are they there? I mean can RISC play a piracy-protected 4K Ultra Blu-Ray disc, or does it support a secure memory enclave like Intel SGX? Can it protect your identity, or securely encrypt files or even network connections? These are real questions to be answered before touting RISC as the CISC killer. Because frankly, it sounds like RISC can do few things, and does them well, and efficiently, and fast even, but CISC (x86) is more of a versatile jack-of-all-trades. Each with their own niche markets.
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
03:00 comparing windows arm using photoshop, moving images around vs m1 macbook using lightroom zoom in and out LOL
Android user??? Yuck! Ditto for Windows!
Dont t  forget  Arm made this possible
should people use ARM processor for quantum computing then? I am not really educated in this field of knowledge, anyone can tell me if this is feasible or not?
this is hardly innovative TBH, Samsung has been making world class ARM powered laptops for years, literally YEARS and no one gave a shit.  The biggest problem with this video is that all their marketing which first off is misleading, since it has no real references. Secondly desktop PCs are significantly faster then even the ARM Macbook.   This is not to say that Apple hasn't made a good example of why ARM processors should be more mainstream then they are.
No where near as performant as this video make it seems.
excited about apple. it's a win for the consumers.
Its interesting how AMD seems to be beating all of them to be crown kings of performance. It shows that hardware redesign and optimization will be key to keeping the performance crown. While ARM's are still very power efficient and been going up in power consumption, x86 has been reducing its power consumption. Eventually it might come down to a saturation once 5nm becomes defacto and no new manufacturing advantages are in sight.
This Is crazy! Lmao. I would like it Removable and customizable. But knowing apple we are not getting that.
GREAT VIDEO ! IM SO GLAD I JUST SWITCHED TO APPLE PRODUCTS,,, THANKS AGAIN !
That chart with the intel desktop CPUs and the apple mobile chips is rather misleading... Should've clarified the specifics on that one
Apple is blowing up the tech community but we clearly still see that *APPLE IS NOT FOR GAMING*
Here is the funny thing that people compare a single vendor hardware and software versus a generic hardware and software ecosystem. The beauty of x86 is its versatility and performance per clock. ARM is great but  require very detailed software effort and needs to be carefully integrated. ios/mac os/android work because of the very tight integration that is put in place for each system. You cant just pick a phone and install a windows on it or swap its RAM from different vendors. ARM is not pure RISC in any of its modern 32/64 bit versions. Its very much a hybrid RISC-CISC approach. Similarly x86 are also hybrids using micro instructions to achieve more capable CISC instructions. The real challenger coming up fast is the OPEN RISC-V. It might be the true competition to both ARM and x86 very soon. The real challenge will be to run un-optimized software that are not built for using special hardware with same performance.
😄 they haven't.
And yet people say Apple doesn’t innovate anymore...
And i can wait for the moment. „Hey. Why is Apple so expensive ?“.
Fascinating video thanks for your informative uploads
The LG Wing and Samsung Galaxy Fold laugh at this joke
We the winners ☝️1️⃣
*_Oh those days, i remember when "You're watching: "ColdfusTion"_*
Please do a video on Intel VS AMD. It's starting to look like Intel has been shitting the bed for the past 2 decades.
You left out that Apple had an early involvement with ARM. In 1990 Apple wantet to create a personal digital assistant, capable of reading handwriting. Therefore they needed a powerful processor, that didn't consume too much energy. They found the ARM processor and wanted to develop it into the machine they needed. So they founded ARM together with VLSI and Acorn and created the ARM6 processor, which then was used in the Apple Newton Message Pad, that flopped badly. Later Apple nearly went bankrupt and Steve Jobs could save the company by selling their ARM shares. I think, it's only natural for Apple now going with ARM, as it's basically their very own design.
How about the scandal of the IPad Pro 12.9 2nd generation Smart Keyboard’s which do not last longer than 2 year’s. Apple is just brushing this under the carpet, if you’ve got a 2017 model like I have you cannot get a Smart Keyboard anymore.
First time here and mac mini fan  Boy,  Just as I'm suddenly ready  to keep up about my beloved  late 2012 mac mini  I7 4 cores  I upgraded to 16Gb RAM and 1 terabyte ssd but Catalina killed it and  it's too damning hot to sustain performances.  (And  Photos is stucked ine the Background analyzing my hundred of thousands of photos increasing every day) but Abracadabra the new mac mini M1 comes out.
By implanting a level of PRM in both the mobile and laptop/desktop models, ffs! I mean PRM - physical rights management - you cannot get it fixed by third parties nor check to see what the device is communicating to Apple. Forget it. No one not insane will buy these not yours devices. No way, forget it, get an old mac or go to PC.  Maybe you iPhone nuts are ok with it but this longtime mac guy sure never was and now they put it on desk/laptop. Nope on Apple.
Another great video! Love the way the information is presented.
Apple has been pushing the industry forward since the beginning - without IT would still be in the stone IT age.
Pfff... Wow look at how this technology is a revolution... blablabla. This is the way of the future! Meanwhile even with such high price tags for the Apple products, they cannot even produce the devices and their business model to be eco-responsible. Everything is locked, nothing is repairable for mere mortals, and replacement parts are hard ot get when not impossible to get. Not even speaking about how the resources are harvested and who builds the components, and in which conditions.  And you call that progress?
But can it run crysis 🤪.
Could Covid-19 passports help bring back travel? Global airline lobby IATA is joining a push to introduce these digital passports as vaccines for the disease near approval. WATCH to find out more: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7M46...
2:56 **pc version of photoshop** 3:00 **Mac version of Adobe lightroom** what
As much as I hate apple , this is so interesting , I'm looking forward for future arm chip
"Look carefully at this."  ***picture immediately fades into the next screen*** 23:40
Put this M1 chip in Samsung Galaxy Note. Not in a stupid iPhone.
Very interesting it seems that the logical thing left to do is for AMD and intel to shift to RISC and leave CISC behind.  It seems like they will forced to or they will be left behind by new competitors.
But can it run Crysis?
This is super cool 🤓
bro you for real hard to believe
No matter how good Apple hardware are. The average users finding difficult to operate Apple products than other popular OS Windows, Android, etc., Apple software not friendly user, period.
Who bankrolls you, huh!?
You just told us how Apple screwed the system and took advantage of all of us just so that they could make their technology better
I love this channel and I love how tech is just advancing so fast
that is all good and well, but I still can't wait for these prices to drop!
ARM is not the future. Everything is X86 today. I worry about compatibility and speed with these M1 Macs.
1,500 for a phone that won't let you play anything but micro transaction games on a tiny touch screen. bragging about performance and graphics... why?
So what if they do one thing that might be good but that is not their intention! APPLE IS STILL LICKING THE CCP's Ass!
Lets not forget that the efficiency of the program coding of the software also determines performance speed and the heat factor as well.
There's just one little problem... Apple controls what software you run on your Mac and what you can do with your hardware... I assume you already know that in these new machines you can't even swap the storage since it's "tied" to the MB... so as long as you want to use Adobe suite and play Candy Crush everything is fine an dandy.  The fastest car in world it's meaningless if it can only run on a premade circuit... I want a car that I can take everywhere I want to... I want to do with my laptop whatever I want to do, including upgrading RAM, swapping storage and connecting an external GPU... an alas! absolutely ANY laptop in the world can do that, except for Apple ones.  I know this video is about the M1, not Apple practices, but I still find it hard to separate both.  "Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary --PERFORMANCE--, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."   Thanks for the video, as always, it's informative and entertaining!!!
As if the wheels for a Mac Pro are remotely relevant to almost anybody
Comparing an i9 on a badly thermally designed iMac a few generations old vs this year's iPhone that has hardware acceleration for the specific codec is a bit misleading. It's like comparing the rowing speed of a yacht and a row boat that has Jerry-rigged automatic paddle rowboat. The rowboat being the iPhone.
Well sheet. I just got the macbook pro with intel I5
20:43 you can see the guy saying the other guys words,  so scripted its unreal
Apple products are not impossible to repair.  It took me about 15 minutes to replace my IPhone 5c battery.  I am not an electronics repair person.  My Apple products have needed fewer repairs than my other computers.   If I knew something about repairing electronics I would repair my computers as easily as I repaired my dish washer, clothes washer, vacuum cleaner, wrist watch.
It will take a long time for anyone to catch up
Soon we’ll have render farms and super computers running so fast, that end user hardware will only need to be good enough to use cloud servers. I hate subscriptions but if I can take that power anywhere I want with a high speed internet connection, that changes everything. This means cheaper products and stronger performance based on whatever “plan” you pay into.
comment
Such a big fan of your videos! Keep em coming!
This is so cool! But why did it have to be Apple of all companies? :/
Im still not sold on Apple and this chip. Apple is the king of manipulative marketing and creating cults. Im pro Android. Apple sucks. You apple clowns still have to jailbreak your phones to run split screen something i can do by default on my Note 3.
Apple Silicon v Intel is like going from a Model T to a Tesla
Impossible to repair... yeah, because we all need to be able to repair an AirPod 🙄 Someone's been drinking the iFixit Kool-Aid
IPad Pro with iOS 13+ change my mind and I dumped laptops altogether.
AMD put Intel in the rear view mirror 4 years ago. So your story should have been AMD vs Apple. You left the question open, did Apple catch up to AMD or just only beat Intel? Is Apple just Johnny come lately or is this a big deal?
I'm waiting for Fry's elect. stores to carry the Apple M1 CPU to build my own computer.
I am not convinced that there is a fundamental inefficiency in Intel or AMD processors, aside from whether a processor core is designed for high-end performance or power efficiency. The main issue is that Intel and AMD cores carry a heavy burden for the SIMD capabilities. My question is: what needs the AVX/SIMD instructions that cannot run on GPU? if nothing important, then CPU cores need to revert to core logic, and SIMD needs to move the GPU units. Processor/socket level products should then have the correct blend of APU/GPU capability to each market segment
This is not taking AMD into the equation, AMD outperforms Apple, which slightly outperforms Intel. For the first time in the last 30 years I am again impressed by Apple, showing that they can do more than just selling nice looking and with cheap Chinese labour manufactured equipment with a functionally stripped OS with premium prices to customers that have a religious relationship to the company, rather than buying a device by its features and specs and bang for the buck or simply with higher performance and more features for a fracture of the price. Bottom line - I am very happy AMD and Apple simply destroy Intels monopolistic role in the desktop CPU market and pressure them to stay competitive or let go of that entire segment. AMD is currently also challenging NVIDIA, even after releasing groundbreaking progress in GPU design and seem to take the lead even in that segment as well.
I was talking about this technology shift more than 25 years ago. I'm glad it's happening at last ☺️
What a great vid
Seems akin to how Tesla custom made its chips to run 8core gpus simultaneously for 8 video inputs for self driving. Total efficiency play.
Currently still use my lenovo 750 from 2014. I held off on getting a replacement performance laptop for CPU/GPU heavy animation software this year. Now I'm glad I made the right decision.
Great video! Very informative and professional, thank you
The only thing that changed is Intel couldn't get 10nm/sub 10nm manufacturing working while TSMC in Taiwan did. The only benchmark that matters is the Apple M1 vs the AMD Ryzen 5nm laptop chips coming this year. I'm putting my money on the AMD chips.
Intel era is outside from now on.
Even the RAM is soldered to the board, lol. What kinda of sucker buys this?
At the end of the day it's all about the money...how much will this cost? 2,000$? 2500$? What are you going to use it for? spreadsheet and a bit of writing...pcs are slowly becoming irrelevant anyway. But if Apple has still got the ability to convince its fanbase to part with all that cash, good luck to them. Sooner or later it's a numbers game. If I spend 1000 on a pc that does a perfectly fine job, why would I spend 2000 to do the same? - oh, it's very pretty...
Don't get me wrong, I am happy that this technology has emerged. I am sad that a company like Apple controls it though. I was happy Intel was dethroned. They were asking for a premium price for a stagnant technology just because no one could match the power. AMD came close for a long time but never quite cut it, but had a price to reflect their product. AMD passed Intel and, to my knowledge, did not hike up their prices. I feel as though Apple will act as Intel used to. Paying an absurd premium for the latest technology. Yes, they deserve a good kick back for backing the right horse in the technology races. My problem is that the premiums being paid will be so much that it will not trickle down to lower classes. Use of their technologies will carry a hefty premium that will be easily distinguishable in the price. I can only hope that Apple makes the technology easily accessible to all.
I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
Or is it that Intel was overheated junk from the beginning?
THE FIRST FEW SECONDS MADE APPLE STOCK GO DOWN
I've been waiting a long time for this.  Just hope an even better, non-apple, alternative comes out within 2 years.  Otherwise.. I'll just have to completely switch to Apple.  Fanless high-end PCs are worth everything.
that is fake news XD,  look the channel of the guy who made the graph is not real he made it himself
It might empower  the lower classes!
apple controlling their own silicon allows them to tighten security and further serialize parts to make repairs impossible. fuck apple in every sense, they dont care about you or your data. phone or macbook breaks and you havent backed your data up? uh oh too bad for you, now because of serialization we cannot fix it and because of apples BS "security" you cannot get your data at all..
And they are backwards in other areas. Do they realize that a micro-SD card is really small and you can put a slot in your iPhones and iPads. It is exactly why I do not own an Apple. Plus they are grossly overpriced considering they are made where...in China. They remind me of Beta VCRs.
I recently compiled my language interpreter on my inexpensive andrrhoid phone (using Termux) and was surprised not only that the thing compiled at all, but the speed at which it compiled.  I expected something just a little faster than a PDP-11.
While its great to see competition in the cpu market; x86 will not be replaced by RISC anytime soon, much of the world runs on legacy... and x86 provides that legacy support.  Looking forward to whats next in future architecture developments through silicon.
Apple's Newton was a huge catalyst for ARM in mobile devices - far predating the iPod.
A bit late though, intel is still good..but nowdays you dont want intel as amd has so much better compatibility for the processors, and dthey are cheap..so if i had to choose between a ryzen 9 vs an arm..well if you choose the arm you need to check your mental state more or less. What apple need to do to survive eventually os to make an amd deal because i have used apple for twenty years but frankly you get too little for too much now..it aint worh it any more. You get three decent desktops with amd now for the price of one apple laptop..apple never been much about the money but thats silly priced. Same with the phones.. you can live with a samsung when you get three phones for one iphone
M10 will be like: 17K single core score ... no battery necessary .. just shake the laptop from time to time .. or expose it to sunlight once a month
Weird to hear my voice on someone else's video...
This video distorts reality. Actually all Intel CPUs after Pentium Pro (1995) are using RISC architecture but they are just 'seen' by programmers as a CISC.
Meanwhile Bill Gates plots to eliminate Apple’s entire consumer base..
ARM's relationship with Apple goes back to 1992: https://youtu.be/ZV1NdS_w4As
apple should figure out how to use iPhones as external GPUs for a temporary power bust when trying to game on MacBooks.
Although ARM can be competitive with x86 processors in terms of performance and power consumption, ARM won’t replace desktop computers.  ARM will deliver performance in the mobility space but it simply can’t compete with a gaming rig or a multimedia content creating system.  And it’s not meant to be.  For most of general users, ARM works well since their daily driver is for surfing the web, document editing etc.
That intro gave me chills!
It's not hard to beat Intel Tech when they slept almost a decade just selling the same sh... over and over again. PS: They still gonna need companies like nvidia or amd for some stuff.
Couldnt care less about apple and their fake inflated stocks and lack of inventiveness. Thank you.
Apple has always made computers for the professionals the problem is this day and age nearly every person is a pro .i bet Steve jobs is looking down and smiling and saying well done boys i taught you well Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯♥.
Rest in peace gaming on Mac
As a British person I would just like to mention that we invented the ARM chip also the Lithium battery and TCP//IP the langue that the internet works on. In short British people invented the world. Maybe you should all drink more Tea it appears to be good for the Brain.
I have an ARM laptop with Linux on it. Lovin' it. Pinebook Pro.
AMD holding strong 💪, next gen AMD is 5nm... this is better than any anime battle
I just want android to support vst in fl studio..wake me up when that happens...
Your content quality keeps on improving
If Apple finally put powerful GPUs in their machines, they will dominate the desktop market including gaming.
I've always imagined why are arm chips inside my phone so fast and efficient. Why don't they put it in the desktop. And here we are
isn't CPU measured in hertz, my first PC in  ~1990 was a megahertz chip...486d (something)
my rant how has apple changed the industry all they did was change to a arm processor so what they needed to leave intel so mac owners cant put windows on the machine big wow btw i own a macbook pro 2015 have no intention of goin with the flow we will see how they do over the next year or so and then maybe onto m2 this version is intended for video editors of which i am not so m1 is pointless for me also any1 else thinking all the macbooks and mini are just non touch ipads now
this looks good because this is going to stir up competition
but I do wonder under what kind of circumstance's the complex instruction set gains some advantage
Cpu power Efficient is better for us all, but...... But I can't handle to use macos/ios, sorry but this user interface is completly not for me.
Apple == extortion
Hate to be THAT guy, but at 10:48, it should read CPUS, not CPU'S. It's the plural to CPU, not something belonging to a CPU. Great video, thank you for the info and I totally agree that it's a game changer.
imagine the possibilities : build a desktop with 4 M1 in parallel (32 cores) and 64GB RAM for less money, almost silent and I bet it is game over even for AMD's EPYC servers, maybe Apple should get into the servers market
Apple's M1 is killing 2 bird with one stone ( Intel & AMD)
This is the first video that actually convinced me about Apple moving forward. Thank you for providing that much context!
Gpu still sucks. Something needs to be done about that.
Thank you for such a wonderful episode!
"A *bit* remarkable" indeed! I really enjoyed this video, thanks!
Gr8 video! Thx
Single core seems to be very competitive, multi-core score still gets creamed.  If Apple expands the cores and releases a desktop variant, that could be really fun.  However, Apple likely would never do this as they like to have complete control of their product environment in a way that binds all their services together.  i.e. they don't want the average user buying their chip and installing windows.
No offence but selling phones for those prices they ought to have something good.  Though I cant imagine needing such a powerful chip in a phone, maybe I should upgrade from that 2014's phone... Its a shame apple did it though, good but it you'll be paying for that sticker big time. It'll take some time for other companies to catch up. Amazing video, explained things well. Or just made it up and was very convincing, I wouldn't be the wiser.
I feel that it is not Intel but AMD who is going to give Apple chip the biggest competition in the coming years. Watch out for them.
You're doing such an incredibly valueable job in educating us. And you're so freaking good at it too!!
love your videos love your voice, read your book watched all your videos
just imagine what computer technology artificial intelligence could design...
TSMC's 5nm process is the key to Apple's M1. TSMC is 2 generations (nodes) ahead of Intel.  The time is long past for Intel to continue to insist on producing their own state of the art processors. Intel's production can not keep up with their own designs.  In my opinion, Intel should scrap their 7nm fabs and have TSMC produce their state of the art products. TSMC is producing Apple's latest chips on their 5nm process. The latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 875 is built on TSMC's 5nm process.  Intel was more than 2 years late getting the yield up in their 10nm fabs. Intel is now at least one year late in getting their 7nm fab running.  Intel can claim that TSMC's size is calculated differently than Intel's. Even if we accept that Intel's 10nm is TSMC's 7nm, TSMC is still ahead of Intel. TSMC's Fab 18 has been producing 5nm commercial products since early in 2020. The next phase of Fab 18 is under construction. It is designed for 3nm. If Intel remains on their current protectory, TSMC will start producing 3nm processors  in 2021 and Intel will still be sorting out 7nm. Intel will still be 2 nodes behind TSMC. Samsung is only slightly behind TSMC.   The top 3 semiconductor manufacturing companies have not changed in the 2000s. It is still TSMC, Samsung and Intel. The problem for Intel is that the order has changed. in 2000, all three companies were neck and neck on the technology of their products. In 2020, TSMC and Samsung are the leaders and Intel is falling further behind.
its not changed nothing just bring more competition  and now they dont use intel cpu-s and intel sleeps for years doing nothing
they need to collaborate with Elon Musk's  Neuralink ..
With cheap chinese child labor.
Using iPad Pro’s now for awhile. And even iPhones I knew these chips had promise for the desktop. Now we have it happening.
Also to be noted that Intel has been stuck on a 14 nm process for a quite a while now. Improving the CPU manufacturing process is what Allowed AMD to stretch a sizable lead on Intel and also what allowed Apple to keep improving year on year
12:32 "He couldn't imagine the iPhone selling well"???? you gotta be kidding me. That thing was an obvious winner from the start.
This is brilliantly delivered and got me so excited.
I'm hoping that something like this comes to the open source world, that there is a open source integrated ARM chip like this that's not controlled by any one company.
"I've had that feature for years" -every android kid, ever.
People will be mad because they can’t rip out the 8gb of integrated memory for 64gb of their own preferred not-integrated ram
Still won't be buying Apple products.  Sick of getting stuck in their proprietary ecosphere.
I'm an Android guy, and a PC guy. I have never had an Apple device and I loath Apple's arrogance, but this... this is earth-shattering. Apple lost the battle against PC 30 or 40 years ago, but this advancement will turn things around. Apple will become the core and PC makers will become the fringe. The M1 presentation put Tim Cook at the level of Steve Jobs. Cook just got a hit as transcendental as the iPod and the iPhone. Just as Jobs decimated the music industry and the phone industry, Cook will decimate the PC industry, because they have nothing, NOTHING to compete with this (Microsoft has the ARM Surface, maybe that can do something, but I doubt it). Unbelievable. And guess what? I'm typing this from my brand new M1 Air book.  Credit, where credit's due.
Apple's Mac and iPhone prices have actually reduced with recent models. They clearly switched pricing strategy a couple of years ago.
LOL pretty not powerful, do you get the whole chip, or do they charge a 1000 extra for the pins ?
Funny you made this. I work for them. The chip is game changing
No mention of the SOC design of the M1?
Raspberry Pi: has amazing ARM processors for years, no one blinks.   Apple: starts using a new one in their shitty notebooks, everyone fucking wets themselves.   Jesusfuck, the specs on the chip are barely worth noting....
Buying a Rembrandt doesn't make me a great artist nor someone changing the entire industry
Their software, and their end-to-end control will surely see to it that you will never get out of the device what it is capable of. Apple SUCKS.
I've read over the past couple year some server makers are going ARM too because of the low power and now higher performance.
One big LIKE!
As always. great background info and wonderful storytelling in this video! I really learned something. As somewhat of a nerd, I have to complain about the section about performance benchmarks. The chart showing Apples chips overtaking Intel's products was a very simplistic benchmark, not alone indicative of overall performance. And the video transcoding was, as you said, caused by hardware acceleration, completely invalidating any kind of comparison. Same with the Windows vs Apple photo editing. Unfortunately, you didn't show a single proper performance comparison in the video!
ha-ha-ha, that BS video export test on a phone and a computer is just hilarious, apple boys style  :-P you get up to 50x speed difference while exporting 4k baseline w/ ultrafast prest h264 vs hq h265. what a moronic comparison to impress noobs... + nobody's is doing it on cpu these days on consumer side, it's  all moved to gpu (qsv is a duh compared to cuda)... apple beating nvidia/amd in gaming, i'm still waiting to see how a 5wt chip is gonna do that vs 200wt ones...
Fraud and misrepresentation as usual. But as long as you feel superior about how much you spent, go for it.
Ok, you're not gonna believe this. I was thinking about making myself some popcorn five minutes ago. Then I started this video and get told to make popcorn. Just paused it to actually make some popcorn.
I'm not excited about any laptop that is incapable of running Linux.
I think it is important to note that the performance shown at 15:40 is probably only for a single core. In other benchmarks with multi core scores, the 10900k is still more than twice as fast as the A14. Nevertheless the A14 performance (especially per watt) is very impressing.
Lol so apple also shit on intel like every other brand? Arm is not that impressive to me. Too little to late see it again in 5 years
You failed to mention how Apple took their arm based processors in a different direction than arm itself had gone for. Instead of increasing the core counts, they used fewer cores but with far more transistors per core than say Samsung. This payed off big time, made them the only player in the Tablet market and let their iPhones runnin a circle around every other arm powered phone while setting them up to scale up these powerful cores and tackle intel directly. I remember a few years ago about how everyone was laughing at iPhones with measly 2 cores while Samsung was gonna have 8. But then reality hit and these 2 cores could easily compete with two to four times as many traditional arm cortex cores.
Jesus love you, he died on the cross for you, accept him as your lord and savior he can change everything. For God so loved the world that he gave his only son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life" (Jn 3:16"  But you must repent too. From that time Jesus went about preaching and saying, Let your hearts be turned from sin, for the kingdom of heaven is near. (Matthew 4:17)::;
Still dont want a mac
Whaaaaa! I don't quite understand what a complex instruction is and why it is.
They changed the industry by getting people to overpay for their junk when other products with same hardware are much cheaper.  The phones will always be limited because they cant work too hard or they will over heat.  Guess intel doesn't care about power usage in their desktop chips makes them cheaper and makes sense since Intel doesn't seem to make chips for phones.
New sticker: "Intel in the rearview mirror"
Two words: Steve Jobs
RISC won after all - just took a little longer than the 80s :) Interesting times.
Interesting video but much of it is irrelevant because many people don't want to pay 400% more for something that that is a little faster.
Awesome
So wait it's better to buy an iphone or ipad or the laptop instead of spending more on an imac pro lol?
Yet still Apple will not produce touch screen laptops or desktops. Still $2,000. never going back to Apple. Sorry.
25:05 he is speaking straight to Linus' face
thats arms bro
microsoft and qualcom laughed at that
wtf and the hybrids with windows 10 that run with qualcom processors ???
*Acorn
Intel get Rekt Like hell..
oh, this is that company that supports slavery/ Never buy a Crapple product. You're just adding to the misery of thousands of people who are being made to work for a pittance, against their will.
"Oh, laptops will never work!"  :)   I didn't know Apple made the leap; now I know why Chris Titus Tech is going on about it. :)
Thank you Brother excellent...Apple is my product because all along they push boundries...I ridicule no one on their choice...thank you for an excellent balancrd presentation...apple may be controversal however their dna is about making complex simple and pushing boundries that gives creatives tools...and most importantly inspiring others to push boundries in other products and their own personal work and journey...I certainly look foreward to seeing these boundries pushed for windows folks and unity and empowerment for good for all in this world...We can make this world a better place together..cheers, blessing Togogo...🙏 by the way I love all your programs your balanced approach and bringing to light to empower others...Coldfusion is excellence in empowerment and unity consciousness for greater good. Thank you so much for making Coldfusion...I am a fan of your care, balance, excellence and empowerment...Solid Hallmarks in moving planet forward💚🙏💥
5:30: Nobody bought a computer because the CPU had a large instruction set. I'm not sure what you're saying here.
Windows 10 already runs on Snapdragon Soc which is ARM processor. Apple just made it a bit more interesting to have their standard. Apple just got scared that Microsoft will win in ARM Soc race and made their own M1 chip.
🇧🇩
Android fanboys are so salty in the comments lmao
I Love your channel. Why is normal TV not this good?
So maybe now Intel and AMD will switch to ARM or RISCv5?
Welcome to 15 years ago Apple. Glad you are finally catching up!
Inspiring 👍
just came here to laugh about the title.. entire industry? guess someone never saw the poor market share over all from apple.. (hardware.. which yes also counts towards consoles and servers.. in total not only starbucks iMovie directors)
Well done video as always .. super interesting. I'm a droid guy and pc, wonder what will come with this new found direction of cpu
Before its only AMD Ryzen and now Apple M1 come. Good luck Intel.
Extremely excited about the efficiency, less excited about the potential death of modularity. Also couple this revolutionary power efficiency with the upcoming graphene battery tech.
Wouldn't but another apple product never ever, to much obsolessence built in to expensive,  a product for fashion victims!
Apple of Sin..yay
I ordered a new m1 MacBook Air for my wife and stoked for what the 16in MacBook Pro and iMacs do when announced (probably spring/summer)
I will wait until the software catches up more with the hardware. Right now I see long lists of software that wont work with the M1 technology.
The British yet again design a world beater and give to America! Processor  chips,jey engines,nuclear tech ect
My Intel Celeron machine has been working for 5 years now without problems._
You have the best voice I have ever heard
Video in a nutshell:  Apple bullies Intel and other PC makers by stealing their lunch money.
18:04 Intel doesn't want to talk about benchmarks anymore  Correction,, Intel only want to talk about internal benchmarks
Intel the next floppy disk!!!!
M1 is just apples next approach to take control over the user. M1 never reaches desktop performance. The problem with ARM ist that it will never really reach CISC performance. It is physically impossible. Taking this iPhone example. Yes it has hardware accelleration for that use case. CISC is exactly that but for general usecases. Not just for video encoding. In everything else the A14 and the M1 would fail by a very very big margin. And somehow the information presented here are not matching reality.  Apple M1 in Cinebench R23 (MC) -> 7760 points Intel Core i9-9900K in Cinebench R23 (MC) -> 12450 points  And there are a lot more examples.
The Apple desktop vs iPhone isn't a good comparison. Also he's a fool if he spent $3k on that junk desktop, money spent doesn't always ensure power. If a $700 phone beats your $3k desktop you chose.....you shouldn't be doing comparison videos rather making commercials for Apple. Especially if you just buy your whole desktop complete "And this is a decked out iMac" LMFAO you poor millennial. As most tech guys know you can BUILD a whole lot more PC with $3k on your own. A true "Fair" comparison is to let a experienced AMD gaming builder make a desktop with nothing Apple related on a $3k budget. Perhaps a high end Gigabyte or Asus board and a 220w AMD chip to go toe to toe with the M1 and that will be that. And this is to see whos "Most Powerful" and after the M1 loses Apple people will say "It doesn't need a fan and it uses less power" so it's better.  And just because that Apple desktop has AMD processors in its slim design, doesn't mean its as good as ANY AMD system built by someone who knows they are doing. But time will tell, I remember when "Firewire" was going to take over. ARM instructions will be the future, but Apple won't be making the best architecture. Apple relies on being trendy and cool for suckers to pay big bucks for over being the most powerful. Apple has been doing this for its entire industry career and their marketing team absolutely loves millennials. But I'm anxious to see what happens, I'm glad Apple is finally making their own chips again. It will be nice to have Apple, AMD, Samsung and maybe Intel all making ARM chips to compete with each other, which makes them better and cheaper for the consumer.
1.5x
I'm glad u used MaxTech footage.
Apple used RISC processors like 20 years ago. It was a sad day when they moved from Motorola (RISC) to Intel (CISC), but as a Windows user, a welcomed one.
Intel are very slow to innovate nowadays, but we shouldn't forget AMD with their new ZEN x86 architecture which can be said better then intel latest x86, and x86 still have place in many other complex instruction task
I wish I could buy apple but all their older hardware is basically junk because it's unsupported and closed source.  Like non removable batteries.
The last part is bullshit. League of legends on any PC not running MacOs is fine.  There’s hype but there is truth and misinformation. I’m going to make a bet that 5-10 years down the road you will find that Apple took a play out of Intels book and use their OS to make their performance seem better than it actually is. Just as Intel “collaborated” with benchmarks to suppress AMD.
Got this in my recommended and thought Apple had invented cold fusion
I don't know what machines are better for work in IT industry ¿Apple or Huawei?.  I would be dearly gratefull to someone who enlightme with the answer.
"changed the enitire industry"? Really? Made another chip? Wow. New chip with not-actually-desktop-perfomance. Apple fans became even more ridiculous. Every month they have these weird news about "APPLE MADE A REVOLUTION AGAIN". The only revolution they made last years was removing audio jack from iPhone and selling you adapter instead. Oh right, and removing usb from MacBook and selling you adapter. I can see a pattern. But Apple fans are talking about "Apple's revolutions that changed every industry", but noone else ever heard of it. I'm glad that I watched that video with adblock
Lmao that Verge comment tho. I’m pretty sure they’d be unable to tell whether they’re using Mac or PC let alone being able to tell whether or not an application is running on Rosetta or not tbqh.
PC users (incl. me) now have to ask themselves the question;  What company is going to bring this type of progress to PC desktop building?
If you bother to look up Win10 on ARM on you tube you'll see it is at least 2 years old. When Microsoft introduced win 10 they already had an ARM ready software which worked on an ARM processor. Apple have always been good at two things:  1. update what everybody else has done and package it with their logo for their fanboys who worship the compnay like a god.  2. Been the bestmarketing company in the world. They are capable of selling you the same phone one year after the other, includiing features that are already on the phones hardware.  The fact that ARM isn't on a pc is probably more an economic question than a tech one.
ARM for desktop use will be a big game changer. Especially since ARM is more energy efficient than X68-64.
I love apple phines but just started running into a problem that my phones will not update the apps due to bios limits so have perfectly fine phones but cannot use banking apps. As a retiree I cannot just go buy a new phone.
"...wasting time by going to different sources."  Enquiring from different sources will reveal more of the truth. Always. Encourage people to find out how credible sources can be identified, rather.
I will be excited when I can take my apple product to an independent repair shop. PC's are becoming easier to repair as Apple is becoming literally impossible to repair, even by Apple. I love the new processors, but If I can't repair my laptop, what good is it?
It is the backwards compatibility that has been the backbone of the computer industry. That is why Windows takes over 20GB to install. Intel makes CPUs first for the data center where the ROI is much higher. It is the same with qualcomm. It is not a consumer first CPU. Since Apple is a consumer first with a walled garden that can tailor everything to their specific platform. You are locked in and that might not bother people giving how throw away consumerism is today. They also have the SoC with PoP which helps with performance a lot. I am waiting to see two things. Security issues like all other CPUs have suffered. Maybe it won't be as big of a deal because these are not Server chips used in the cloud. Second, integrating more IO for peripherals. It only has 1 thunderbolt controller in the current version. Can't wait to see what the M2 is going to be. I don't buy Apple though. Lack of repairability and cost are huge factors and I run Linux primarily. Most of the time the CPU is ideal. Geekbench is not real usage patterns.
Wow... it’s like going from Super Saiyan 3 to Blue. Less power drain and much, much more efficiency and power.   No wonder SS3 is obsolete.
Nvidia rules every electronic device in the world, just wait till third-Q of 2021.
If Apple actually takes the lead on innovating technology well consider me shocked and a little disgusted they got to it first.
I thought microsoft made the 1st arm mobile chip for a computer/laptop, the microsoft sq1?
ColdFusion! How much money did you get for this advertisement?
When u realized gaming console from arm architecture to x86 and desktop/laptop from x86 to arm 😅
And i spent 2k on a laptop 2 weeks ago, aight
This is what intel get's for sleeping at the wheel.
the fruits of capitalism.
ESTA GENTE DE APPLE SON INCREIBLES, YA COMPRE MI MacBook Pro CON M1 Y ESO FUNCIONA DE MARAVILLA
Sad Linus noise
AMD IS NOW OUR ONLY HOPE🤣
For some reason hearing that a company that won't even let its customers change a power adapter chip or a display will lead is not very exciting.
Hi there!  Thanks very much for your information on M1 chip.  Been a fan for  eight years.  You've kept me up2date. Cheers mate!  Stay safe.  😎👌
Forget desktop performance. ARM is currently running the number 1 fastest supercomputer on the planet: google "fujitsu fugaku a64fx". So ARM is powering everything from keyfobs that unlock your car door to mobile phones to desktops to the fastest computer on the planet.
x86 laptops also get 10hr+ of usage, both OSes and x86 CPUs have improved much in last 10 years. on the other end of the spectrum ARM will probably never scale that high. and then there is the issue of software compatibility. i just can't see ARM as a serious contender in the laptop/desktop/workstation market.
I thought the limit for CPUs were 5nm
I expect Intel stock price to fall radically in the coming years
Its an awesome detailing about processors.
Coldfusion is probably the only documentary channel that acknowledges that people hate apple. But then it would be a huge blow if Apple bought Intel because they failed lol. It would never happen but yea.
In breaking news. AnandTech rebrands to AnandaTech.
Changed the industry? Dear God...the fanboism is beyond control. They made a mediocre chip that can power a lightweight laptop for 20 hours. So what? Jeeze....they could literally stick a piece of shit in there and you'd write songs about Apples Smellovision technology changing the world!
intel fails to hold the X86 crown....   AMD : Fine, I will do it myself.
All this inspirational bullshit and they still don't have a usb-c on their iPhones.
You are the man, this content is absolute gold, thank u.
My desktop cpu spiked up several times watching this video.
Dagogo, I Love your documentary videos!! they are just amazing and are years ahead of other content creators! cheers!
arhh - with under 10% marketshare for MACs- i dont think intel is to worried about apple.. AMD hovever...
I might have to get a new laptop soon then
This video really made me worship YouTube on a whole nother level. Thank you very much for all the time and effort, you have put into this. Thank you very much!
You can say that Apple took the RISC.
Hold up, How did the ARM Chip run without any power supply!?
This Video: Apple is genius for using ARM on desktop computers Rasperry Pi: Am I a joke to you?
but of course having integrated nand in the soc it will just last 8-10 years before not having bootable memory to turn on. it' s so frustrating because otherwise it would be a "shut up and take my money!" moment  btw it' s too easy to say intel is crap, they manufacture their own products unlike apple, if apple has this great performance isn' t just because of arm ISA or the custom design, it' s because of the freakin TSMC 5 nm and the fact they rented first on the node ($$$). we will see amd and whoever comes next achievng similar results
as he says... x86 takes many cycles to accomplish a complex instruction. Yup. Risc doesn't have that complex instruction so it takes many many instructions to do the same thing. As well as a lot more coding. Well made for the fanboys.
Insane video
No GPU support :-) what do you thin 8-core GPU as part of M1 repeatedly shown in the video it self stands for?  It is integrated chip putting GPU, CPU and memory in the same chip as due to siplicity and small size current technology allows it for RISC but not currently for CISC. This collocation especially with RAM is the main reason for the performance, "surprisingly" all the comparison is done on memory intensive workloads not computation intensive workloads.
If Apple products are cheaper with M1 chips, then I will buy it.
I think personally that ARM or Risk based processors are the future, and the x86 design is old and flawed see the big explots like Specture V1 2 etc.  My only problem and concern is that Companies like apple are locking more and more stuff. With x86 you have the freedom you can do with it. Locked bootloaders are a big thing, like with phones.
Nah this is extremely impressive props to Apple as soon as I heard I can League on Mac finally XD
I bet "Intel's inside" is now on fire.
"Intel's inside", hiding from Apple's M1
holy shit apple is back...if only we could afford it...my projection is that apple will take AMD and intels market slowly since the only thing holding them back is the price of their flagships but if this is anything to go by in 5 years or less we may be looking at the next thing to happen if intel does not update their chips to something similar to the m1 chip apple will surely push for no repair laws and monopolise the tech software and most likely even  if you own the device they will start charging for bullshit we haven't thought of yet ...they have changed the game but they are not the underdogs anymore they are now the tyrants ...
Credit where credits due.
"It's blowing the online reviewers off their feet"  Well to be fair, these reviewers are all apply fans with heavy financial incentives to review these favourably.  The video is making out that x86 is going to be redundant, which given the right development and assumed lack of paradigm shift, might happen. But it's rather conveinient that all these tests are of one particular type,  with one particular format... video editing.  RISC is always good though :3  x86 will have to meet in the middle using multicore tech in a CUDA style of parallel processing to meet the power requirements.
My god, there are some serious morons in this video. The one with his LoL performance is probably the my favorite.
24:26 " According to the VERGE " HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA, If their tester is like their pc builder, they are screw !!!!
Ah, melodramatic reaction. This is nothing new. Servers have been using RISC processors for ages, with great benefits to efficiency and performance in specific tasks. Based on some of these RISC architectures, desktops were also sold in past, usually running proprietary Unix operating systems. Everyone who manages RISC servers knew that it was just a matter of time when someone starts using RISC in personal PCs en masse again. And almost everyone would, based on what's happening with smartphone CPUs, guess that it will be ARM. I am actually very surprised that Apple did not do this 10 years ago, what have they been waiting for? It is certain that nVidia and AMD have internal groups researching RISC for years, and have been acquiring related business.
R.I.P. Apple.
You're failing to mention the fact that Apple charges a premium. And for that you get what, equipment worth half the price (or less) and the pride of carrying an overpriced status symbol? The benefit of ARM is that it's cheap and efficient. This allows apple to pay even less for their CPUs while still charging a premium price. You know what's inevitable? Luxury and status "brands" eventually fall out of favor as it becomes no longer "cool" to carry their products.
Great info! Subscribed
Time to buy aapl. My 1st mac was a Performa early 1990s. Power pc. When my 2009 MBP Stopped working,stopped charging in 2017, I read about the bad keyboards in the new ones and couldn't spend $1499 for apple. !  I bought an HP! for $438.  So now, 2 years later it is ok. I don't record with Ableton like I did on my macs.  All the dumb free video software crashes at times. Slow to respond now after 2 years. still works, but I don't  care for typing or even basic photos.  Too glitchy.  My Samsung s10 is better at photos and videos!  Now I can go back to a mac  one day. Let's hope the get that price down to a more reasonable, $700
wow.. just think about that.. put arm processor in a desktop computer.. just like the archimedes one i used in gradeschool.. (i'm 43 btw, long time ago)
Man you just gave Apple the biggest Advertisement ever .. Honestly i watched apple releasing its new ship but i wasn’t aware i was witnessing History.
This was well-constructed info Dock was happy to watch. Good job you wrote a great script and chose some great footage. Was it all public domain?
Other have ARM CPUs in their laptops....  before APPLE
This is a turning point for the whole industry. Intel and AMD better change the needle and direct themselves to this direction.
2:38 What kind of desktop does this moron have? Something from 2005, I assume.
The conclusions are solid, no argument there, but the way it gets there is not that great.
This is not an unique idea in any way, Qualcomm already brought Snapdragon based laptops together with some companies. Its not that just Apple is "innovating" quite to the contrary, Snapdragon leads Apple in most cases but still this video projects as if Apple is the only one doing something extraordinary using ARM!
Technically Microsoft was first but apple did it better
at first AMD hurt Intel, now its Apple  poor Intel, I hope it recovers soon
The 386 and 486 were largely used till the mid 90s as far as i remember... i remember when the first pentium came out, that was probably at the same time as windows95
this is a great leap forward. I don't like appel because they are very anti-competition. their client service at least in my country kinda sucks thanks to their poor warranty system and speed of service. I also agree that we should be excited and congratulate apple for what they have accomplished.  I would also like to know if snapdragon is still able to challenge the M1
Desktop computers reached a limit in the Silicone about 15 years ago, forcing the development of the 64 bit platform. But here in 2020, even that platform is being stretched to it's limit. More and more is being demanded from the Graphics Cards, and soon, a new kind of hardware will be required to boost the performance, or we will see the desktop market move to the 128 bit platform.
I CAN SAW THAT I FIND APPLE PHONES OF THE LAST 5 YEARS - TO BE DESIGNED BY (10 & 1/2 YEAR OLD FOR (6 & 1/2) YEAR OLD   THE PHONE HAS NO LOGIC - EVERYTHING IS LUMPED TOGETHER - ONE HAS TO SPEND AN IN-ORDINATE AMOUNT OF TIME - DISABLING ALL THE OBVIOUS / KRAP / THAT HAS BEEN BUILD IN   IT IS TRULY DISGRACEFUL - THAT - IF YOU WISH TO BACKUP YOUR PHONE - YOU ARE FORCED TO USE A THIRD - PARTY APPLICATION   THE SOUND QUALITY OF THE iPHONE 10 IS ABYSMAL = TO FIND STUFF IN THE SYSTEMS FOLDER IS ATROCIOUS  - ABSOLUTELY NO THOUGHT HAS BEEN PUT INTO USER FUNCTIONS - AND THE FILES THAT ARE INCLUDED HAVE NO EARTHLY USE   THE DESIGNERS ARE / AFRAID / AND SO THEY HAVE INFUSED THEIR FEARS INTO THE DESIGN - SO YOU HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO ENTER A PIN CODE TOGO TO THE TOILET OR HAVE A BATH IN YOUR OWN HOME..   THE FINAL COMMENT IS THAT THE iPHONE 10 SEEM TO HAVE BEEN DESIGNED TO SLIP FROM YOUR GRASP  -  AND THE COST OF REPAIRS ARE ASTRONOMICAL - AND THEN - EVERYTHING SEEMS TO BE TIED TO iCLOUD  - WHICH IS A / KRAP / SYSTEM - I FOR ONE - DO /NOT / WANT TO SPEND MY PRECIOUS TIME FIDGETING THROUGH KRAPPY SOFTWARE  -   ON A PHONE THAT - ALTHOUGH IT HAS MORE MEMORY THAN A COMPUTER - ONE CANNOT BACKUP AND RESTORE ALL THE FILES ONTO iPHONE ITSELF  FOR THE EXHORBITANT COST OF THIS TOY - WITH IT'S ENDLESS LIST OF GAMES -  IT IS A DISGRACE
apple aint shit to any person who actually uses computers and will never be a player in the gpu or cpu worlds silly apple garbabge they never learn but im sure thats ez wit ha hollow head
Marketing people
Cool doc, can I get a download of the tune at the end from somewhere ;-)
But can it run Crysis?
I'm Exited for this innovation! Now I'm waiting for the next generation to give time at developers to migrate their program to ARM's architecture an THEN switch to new line of Pro's products!
ugh, I saw that ijustine chick and I puked...
Are you an engineer sir? I am just curious
Your title is wrong, ARM designs are not apple property and even if apple modify it, I can't see why future Qualcom Chips cannot do as good. It's all about software optimisation. Windows are not well optimized for arm chips yet. Apple made the right decision using ARM for their laptop but Microsoft tried it before... I can't see Apple having a lot more power with their custom chip in the long run. The avantage of apple is that they do hardware and software
Made it to min 5...cant anymore. Your audio is really bad man
You talk so slow , 25 mins really!!
You and your popcorn...copycat
I think if the "lower end trend will progress faster" continue the RISC-V, the RISC based like ARM but it OPEN SOURCE,  will prevail in future years.
Same or better performance for less power consumption. Just right for this age where the challenge to climate change is urgent.
The question is why did nobody else do it before? It's not like apple developed a brand new technology or something like this. They simply were the first who had the courage to include this proven, established technology (in the mobile sector) and put it into their laptops.
This whole things very over blown. I can understand why people seen to think it's a generational leap, but it's not. And that guy showing his phone render a video faster than his computer was just painfully idiotic, speed doesn't equal quality in render.
And here windows on arm left on the dust
I'm a bit concerned how ease of repair and user upgradability is becoming a lower priority but the progress is indeed amazing.. Quite unfortunate for those who recently bought intel based macs
17:15 🤯
Impressive.  Am curious how well that chip will do mining crypto.
Could this technology replace the big data centers like google’s? They use enormous amount of energy.
the other bigger winner? nvidia, they bought arm
I always wondered why an ipad or iphone would be faster than my laptops... im like why!?
Can Windows run on the ARM chips?
Now put both in one hybrid machine? Mind blown but I always knew Apple would stand up and defend its roots in ARM computing and intel is only as powerful as they are today because they had a evil partnership with Microsoft in the early days that propped them up substantially and crush the RISC markets income and profitability towards more R&D but as everything in history the peak has reached and tipped over and as tech and style have proven and what GOD once said... what was once old will now be new again! The wonderful cycle of evolution begins! Now the issue is .. will profitability and greed stump genius/culture/progress? 🔐
Of course it would be Apple. Thanks 2020, this is up there with murder hornets. If the last tech company standing is Apple I'm going to literally commit suicide.
Say what you want about Apple, but they have no real competition. What I mean is, if you want a Unix machine, there is no alternative. Also Unix is a far more modular and performant OS than Windows. This is a combination of Apple's custom hardware and an excellent OS. If Canonical were smart, they get into building machine for Ubuntu and then work with Adobe and Microsoft to bring their software to the platform. This will create competition for Apple. Windows definitely cannot compete.
HEY Let's not forget AMD intel already became history after ryzen series...
Let's see how high prices will eventually come too, just as soon as they dominate the market...
Due to their spying business
Next step will be to improve the GPU since the M1 has a pretty boring GPU at least for games
I wanted to talk shit on Apple so much,even deleted an old comment on how they're overpriced. And I still think so, but now it has a distinction when it comes to performance. And given a couple more years, maybe my next labtop will be a Mac. I buy computers once a decade... lol
Apple's Newton was a huge catalyst for ARM in mobile devices - far predating the iPod.
Excellent video, thank you. One thing though... kill the apostrophe in the plural "cycle's" @9:22. It's simply "cycles", as you continue with afterwards. Likewise @10:47, "CPU's" is simply "CPUs".
Breaking news: the newer Macs are faster then the older.
I go buy Apple stocks...
But what can it do with a 125w budget?
And i can wait for the moment. „Hey. Why is Apple so expensive ?“.
it cant run eGPU tho
The "innovation" is not about Apple did it first but rather the one who successfully implement it without any real hiccup and pretty seamless.
Everyone knows Intel were sitting on their asses watching AMD flounder.
Excellent
Faster than 98 percent of desktops? Lol my 5950x would spank anything apple has made or will make for 10 yrs!
So you're saying that i can hook my iPhone 12 to an RTX 3090 and it would not bottleneck??!!! HOLY $H!T  3:59
you sold out too? flashing illuminati symbols
idk but I'm not a fan of using a phoneOS for my main machine... I like a dedicated device tbh
ARM: Beats Intel Intel: coffin dance
My understanding of processors only barely extends beyond what I just learned in this video. So here's a naïve question/proposal: Could we not substantially reduce the carbon footprint of servers by moving them to arm? (I mean new servers, no retrofitting). If their power usage is so much lower and now their performance is on par its _only_ software support that stops a wide adoption of Arm/Risc processing in servers right?
HAHAHAHAHA
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
Don't normally comment but this was a very well put together, researched and informative video. Keep up the goodwork.
oh sh*t didn’t know how powerful iphones are till I watched this video!
this is such flagrant apple propaganda... the new chip is impressive but 90% of this video is horse shit
Single core performance is very good, but the reality is that the Intel chips used in Apples machines are pretty much constantly thermal throttled due to the vastly insufficient cooling, like the last macbook air not having the heatsink connected to the fan. Very easy to make your own models look like its a vast leap forward when you deliberately cripple the previous ones 🤷‍♂️
It's cycles per second. Why is there an apostrophe with the plural? Come on.
Apple hasn't done too much. They just took advantage of Intel failure to get off the 12nm process. If Intel found a way to make 7nm CPU's it would blow apple out of the water. I am glad that Apple is creating some competition. This is the benefit of competition.
Why does he keep talking about ferns?
Conspiracy: Alien technology....
Apple wasn’t kidding when it named its chip M1, after a sophisticated battle tank!
Thank You for this video, the best explanation I've heard in a very long time. I am a computer technician for more than 30 years, I'm not very active now, I'm retired, its still very important to me. Thanks for sharing!
Thanks, as always, for a very professional and informative film.
Desktopish performance without a fan?  Well done Apple.
Damn, if only Microsoft had prepared for this years ago with an ARM version of Windows 10. No one could have predicted this!!!
Moral of the story, don't stop at the table of those who can't see the possibility of your idea.
First AMD, then Apple... poor Intel
As a repair technician repairing all types of equipment everyday I have to say apple is the most repairable brand in the world period, in saying this they have their limitations and particular parts that are not accessible but all brands have their own limitations, I do agree the M1 could be a game changer for all things computing this could be an amazing time in tech in the years to come. Full disclosure I just sold my i7 PC and now running a mac mini M1 as its replacement and yes its faster and dead silent I never thought that this would be something I would ever thought was possible only a few years ago.
and to think this is the slowest apple sillicon will be ever produced.
Ok ok, it's looking very promising, but don't get to exited yet please, my machines still outperform it on daily tasks (like launching an app 2 seconds quicker).
Good for Apple. Hopefully everyone of us end users wins.   I know it's always so easy to ask after the fact why someone made such a stupid choice (Intel CEO not seeing potential market in phone tech) but the iPhone came out like 13 years ago. How much time do people need to see that they way things are structured now at some point aren't going to be able to meet demands down the road?   Is like a CD that can hold 74 mins of music on it max, no more. Is like keeping trying to use discs for info rather than downloading or using usb flash drives.   Anyway, is nice to see there being a nice leap forward. Here's hoping more people can afford these and use them to produce great content like the videos on this channel.   Congrats Apple, you're the champion for now!
this video was waaaay too long
Give me a break...its not apple...cpu and hdd are main bottlenecks and gpu ram can be...which pc parts not macos decades old...quicktime still around since original mac...that says alot.
Phones are going to phase out PC's the same way consoles did arcade machines. In alot of ways this is going to force them upon everyone as when more of a necessity going beyond even keeping in contact
The M1 chip used in this year's Macbook is not on par with the desktop class CPUs. It is indeed above Intel's laptop CPUs, but not above a desktop CPU. Stop spreading misinformation.
Apple finally regains its innovator's title :)
Apple makes x86 look silly.
I've watched twice. When was this news released? Is it really as unique as you suggest, as in, the other manufacturers don't have anything in the works that will compete?    ..... Because NVIDIA just bought ARM, it's not even paid for yet, lol. If ARM all of a sudden announces groundbreaking research, it's not going to go over well.
I have been sitting through 20 mins of shit. I sure hope the last six mins have some evidence. Personally I hope ARM competes with x86 but I will believe it when I see it. You can't trust apple's claims because they always lie. We need proper benchmarking and not specific uses too.  This video has zero evidence it turns out. What a waste of time.
2021 October, Tim Cok: “with M2 , 2x faster than M1 chip” excited to hear this
How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry LOL ...... so this means no tech companies till date has SoC ? and this is not competition it's purely Monopoly which Apple is doing.
They made an ARM CPU for computers now because Intel have slowed down and AMD is quickly catching up. New powerful AMD ryzen 4800H laptops have 13 hours battery life and this will just continue to get better. At this right moment Intel/AMD CPU are getting more and more efficient but at the same time ARM CPU are getting more and more powerful .  It is just the perfect timing for apple to introduce this new ARM macbooks.
cant wait for intel to enter this ARM race!!
Some information are kinda wrong tho. The first 64bit processor on an Android phone was the Exynos5433 used in the Galaxy Note4 - not the S4. The Note4 came out in September 2014, the S4 in April of 2013. And as far as I know, the first Apple-design processor was the A4 used in the iPhone 4, not the A6 in the iphone 5.
So can I buy an apple laptop with a M1 chip and install windows?
I'm scared.
now tell them how Apple raped Final Cut Pro users witha imovie pro stand-in, in 2012, after building up that market to compete with avid since 1999
My prediction is that M2 will just be slightly faster than M1. This year apple managed amazing innovation, but it would be close to impossible to keep it up. Not to say M2 will be bad, we will just again see slow, incremental growth.
What about Watering down of the bill that would sanction the CCP for the gulag slave labour where they keep the Uighyurs ,tibetans, mongolians?
Poor Intel, they're getting hit on all sides.
Im not an apple user & never will be because of their extortionate pricing policies. I do think its sad that people have bought apple products in the past that are twice the price of a device with the same performance & actually look down on people who are clearly wiser for doing the opposite. I do hope apples success in developing the M1 chip spurs the competition on. I know for a fact especially US citizens think everything developed in China is stolen or a copy of some other countries hi tech, its not surprising they think that way the amount of times their media spews it out. Yet 1 visit to a modern Chinese mega city would totally put an average US citizens jaw on the floor at how advanced they are compared to any US city. The Chinese have the finance & more importantly the will to succeed in anything theyre looking to develop, I'm pretty certain it won't be long before a similar performing laptop is available for half the price of the apple laptop. I'll look forward to that day.
Funny how we’ve been here before with the motor industry, it’s not unlike a ‘power to weight’ and a ‘power at the wheel’ kind of problem. When Fiat engineered the 500, Mini put the engine sideways, and in the USA cars with wings to look like rockets got more and more cubic inches, and 10 miles to the gallon.
Cheers mate!
25:06 wtf is wrong with her foot
> AMD [another x86 manufacturer] Daaaamn
i really dont like them because of their business practices, and the effort they put in making difficult to repair their stuff, but I cant complaint about this, this is the way, we must move forward
On the downside, a proprietary chip makes their everything-is-subscription-you-own-nothing ecosystem even more locked down. No "non-authorized" software, and moreover, third party repair is totally impossible. More profits for Apple, but only disadvantages for the consumer.
Its not about price: You get what you pay for Its not about whether Apple is a good product: Its an awesome product.   Its about excessive control!!!  #DontPutBabyInTheCorner
Apple is Dominating 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻👌👌👌
Apple has just nailed the coffin of Intel... . . . . While it's still alive
So in short, what ever bill gates touches turns out it was shit with no innovation. Cant wait go get his vaccines
Next gen Macs are going to blow up in popularity....just like the iPhone!
Yes, it changed the "entire" industry..in the wrong direction. Mobile processors for unacceptable price, pushing everywhere how fast it is, when in reality you will never experience anything about that. With this "upgrade" even less games will be playable on macs, then what, i can finally play mobile games, that even the iphone5 or a 100$ android phone could handle? The only segment you will ever notice the new capabilities are video editing tools.. yeah obviously everyone is a vlogger now, it's 2020, i don't even understand how youtubers review it as a work-tool, when in reality 99.99% of the consumers will never use it for that purpose.. -which i'm pretty sure is just some software optimiztion at all, not the rough power of the new chips. Just the usual apple stuff, don't even try to make your previous products -let's not even say better-, but up to date. Instead of, make something new something never anyone has seen before.. a mobile.. with half (actually less lol) power of the previous generations.
So apple is the company that makes new tech ahead of its time and waits to drop it at the right time
INTEL. The new Blockbuster Video.
time to get a mac :0 :)
intel inside is more like intel inside the coffin
At this rate Intel could become a penny stock ha!
Your content is actually amazing bro. Feels like fully fledged docos, I could sit here for ages watching! Not many YouTubers have that talent:)
Great content as always
Intel has failed to innovate for the last 10 years. When your processors include insignificant upgrades every few years, and you keep charging $100 - $200 more each release cycle, people start to question whether the upgrades are even worth it. You're absolutely correct, Intel made the biggest mistake by not embracing smartphone architecture development. The only reason I'm hanging on to my old 2013 MacBook Pro is because I haven't liked the failure modes on MacBook's since then (check out Louis Rossmann's channel to see in-depth repair videos / analysis of failure modes). That is the same reason I'm going to hold of getting the new MacBook with the new M1 chip. It's not the chip I'm concerned about, it's the other things like the build quality that I'm concerned over. I'm also curious about long-term performance of the M1, and any bugs that may arise. I'm happy to see Apple is actually innovating again. There were small things like TouchID (which I still think is far superior to FaceID), but other than that they've played it safe with subsequent iPhone releases year after year. I'm curious to see if they'd be able to integrate the M1 into future iPhone releases as well. Everyone should be applauding them on this accomplishment, whether you agree with their philosophy on reparability / open access to their systems or not. They'd be stupid not to license these processors out to competitors, especially in the Android / Windows market.
good vdo
Shit. I thought AMD's Zen architecture brought about exciting CPU times. I even knew Apple was pushing to move to ARM and that once they did the industry would really start to take ARM seriously. Yet I still wasn't ready to see it happen, and am even more dumbfounded by the performance that appears to be on tap.  I would be interested in moving to an ARM based Desktop PC if this is the kind of performance we're seeing out of the starting gate, from one company. I'm not saying someones going to beat Apple's designs any time soon, but someone will release some incredible ARM chips at some point and they're not going to be locked behind the Apple paywall.  Now that is exciting!
Thus is a good report. Arm technology looks exciting.
how about  apple M1 chip powered androids , i would love to have
this just might cause a rethink on intel's part they can always come back stronger .. who knows .. how apple Nickle and dime you i could careless if they go bankrupt
The Israeli R&D team made this breakthrough. They are among the most brilliant on the universe. Israel as a whole is behind some of the most incredible technology. Wish Digogo would cover it more, or do an episode on it.
Love your videos as always. I never liked Apple. But what you are saying is true. The technology is evolving...
I love the way you organise your work. And how you explain your material. Thank you for your excellent and enriching work.
ARM is literally Britain's modern day gift to the world.
sooo huawei is also making ARM chips... and is very close to apples? so we all get huawei cpus for our laptops? not to mention snapdragon and others?
nobody cares bruh 😂😂
I am happy with my Android
no.1 rule never buy the 1st generation
This so very true, my Iphone 6s+ 12 years late, can do more video FX than my 16gb laptop i7, no shit now i understand. Crazy Apple
not using any Microsoft products is the best thing you can do
Cheap mobile chips in expensive computers? No thanks. If they drop the price sure but who honestly believes this.
for 99% people not content creators, the most CPU intensive work on their PC is gaming. For that, x86 still is better.
This is huge news, it will disrupt computing in so many ways.  So why hasn't Apple stock exploded on this news?
intel used microcode under the hood. very similar to risc
Dagogo, I’ve never considered you an Apple fan boy. I do consider you to be a great Biographer and thank you for doing these videos for us.  Oh and I enjoyed where you shared Steve Jobs saying a technology is only good for about 10 years. That’s great insight.  I am excited for the next one.
I’ve removed my intel i7 sticker off my laptop out of shame.
Wait for it...Microsoft is going to move Windows to ARM next, now that they have a robust x86 emulation layer for the platform.  https://www.theverge.com/2020/9/30/21495510/microsoft-windows-on-arm-x64-app-emulation  That's going to kick off a bloodbath in the x86 processor space - Intel and AMD are both going to have trouble competing in the laptop market in just a couple of years, where ARM's low-power performance advantage and lower cost will absolutely crush them.  It'll take longer for the desktop space to get disrupted, but on the server side it could also happen fairly quickly as companies that run huge server farms like Amazon and Google trade power-hungry, expensive to operate x86 systems for ARM.  Intel is in serious trouble.
Apple changed :D Samsung make Chromebooks on ARM since 2012. Windows 10 on ARM laptops are here for a year or something (earlier Microsoft tried to put Windows 8RT to its Surface devices with ARM), including Samsung Galaxy Book S with Quallcom Snapdragon 8cx. So what kind of revolution Apple have done? The one in their own environment, outside of this they are going with trends.
This is an incredibly educational video.  Thanks for posting this.
Apple tried risc years ago.  I had an 8500 and it was the best computer I have ever owned when compared to its peers at the time.  Glad to see the risc chips continued in the form of arm and are now  coming back into pc's.
to start off and say "It seems everyone hates Apple these days" I stopped right there. You immediately lost all credibility to anyone who has a foot in the door of reality. Pathetic, maybe you need to find a private echo chamber.
Apples program is their crappy software, phone/PC, both are backasswards to getting anything done.  Hardware doesn't help software stupidity.
I am an Android user too and now I am so excited to try Apple products in future. 😀
My 2014 MBP 13 is more than enough for my work flow. I can only imagine the kind of wonders “Pros” would create with this M1 beast of machine.
Best tech review I have seen for a long time. Congrats..
Black CPUs Matter
I'm glad the tech is moving forward. Just disappointed that it was Apple.
from Audi to BMW
Wait what ? An A14 chip is more powerful than Intel's desktop ??
As impressive as this SOC is it's nothing compared to what an EPYC™ server blade will crunch.  It's energy efficient which is important in mobile devices but X86-64 will remain the processing champion for many years to come, sometimes you need to whip out the serious AVX512 instructions and I doubt this chip is capable of taking such calls, whilst incredible for its application this M1 chip is far from the end of X86-64.  Desktop class performance is marketing make-believe.
AMD: am I chop liver?
How much would server cost reduce if they start to use ARM chip? any idea?
Are you from New Zealand?
2:59  You have to be as dumb as an Apple user to believe this.
Christensen sounds like he was paraphrasing Gunpei Yokoi's "Lateral thinking of withered technology".
Well.  I've used Android phones since 2013 and this new architecture may be the tipping point for my next phone to be from Apple.  Having that kind of power in a phone, even though I'm not sure what I would use it for, just seems like magic to me.  Being able to use my phone as my portable HTPC is magic.  I can't believe that's something that will be possible, it's really something else.
I feel bad for AMD, though. They just about started getting hyped again last year, after the tremendous Zen 2 release. A better comparison for x86 would be AMD's chips, because Intel haven't made any significant performance/watt gains since the 7700K in 2017.
Sad to see such a great architecture wasted on such a heavily closed platform
You state that x86 has "multiple cycles per instruction" but that is provably untrue. AMDs latest x86 chips have 8-10 instructions per cycle and Apples (older, no stats for newer) A75 reached 10.7-12.4 instructions per cycle. The instruction size of a typical ARM binary is 4.0 and for x86 it varies between 3.1-3.4 on average. Also, ARM chips operating at higher clock speeds have drastically worse power efficiency than x86 chips (there's graphs showing performance per watt locked at 2GHZ comparing A9 and i7).   The primary reason x86 uses more power for low performance at the low end is because of microarchitecture, micro-ops translation, large L2 cache, an aggressive prefetcher and large branch prediction. At the high end, these features provide higher performance-per-watt than ARM could provide in the general use case. Any improvements the new Mac show from their RISC processor is due to very clever compilation; it could be the case that RISC has more intelligent compilation optimizations but I'm not familiar with this, CISC does suffer quite significantly from compilers not using the best solution (you can watch many youtube videos about algorithm speedup using CPU features that are not used by default).   There is no particular reason CISC should use more power than RISC in any case, the difference that is observed is primarily due to additional features that are present in CISC-based CPUs that are unrelated to the instruction set.  For a comprehensive analysis: https://research.cs.wisc.edu/vertical/papers/2013/hpca13-isa-power-struggles.pdf
I love how it takes him 4 seconds to open chrome, feels like my pc 10 years ago
Whoever does the titles should learn that you don't make plurals using apostrophes.
It’s stupid you can’t iTunes to work on it though...
Qualcomm: adopted atlrm architecture in laptops 2 years before Everyone: apple did a revolutionary thing **Sad Qualcomm noises***
Can't buy Zen 3, RDNA 2 or RTX 3000 series. I guess I will get a mac mini or mac book air instead.
Apple using intel was like Audi going to VW for an engine.  Not only are ARM chips better but Apple will be able to tailor these chips to perform exactly how they want them to be.  They will finally have full control and they won't have to wait for intel.  BTW intel DELAY their new chips AGAIN to spring of 2021 at the earliest.
"Biggest moment in computing since the last decade or so."  My guy, Alexnet and the AI boom was in the last decade. I think that's slightly more significant than a little architecture shift.
Just when I thought apple wasn't innovative anymore, WOW! Need to load up on more AAPL stock, market usually is late with this stuff.
This is why Nvidia bought ARM so they can make their own ARM chips. Competitiion is coming!
Save up your money, & get a Mac was my battle cry👍
The fact that apple have always insisted on maintaining an (arguably) obsessive level of control over both the hardware and software components of every device that wears the apple brand has, historically, led to a situation where apple computers, while (arguably) providing a simpler, cleaner and more elegant user experience, have never been able to match the diversity and scope of software available for 'PC's' and the Windows operating system. For decades, apple's largely hollow response was that software emulation would allow the mac to run Windows software as well, and offer the best of both worlds. For decades this has been a largely fanciful claim suitable for marketing to novices while justifiably scoffed at by serious PC proponents. With the introduction of a chipset so many orders of magnitude beyond it's PC competition, it looks like that claim is no longer just hyperbolic hype...  Let the disruption begin.
I hate laptops.  They are a necessity, but the small screen size is a real bullet in the knee cap.  I will though buy an M1 27" iMac. (or bigger if no 27" available.)
Risc-V is the future. When NVidia buys Arm the other companies will abandon it.
Not mentioned in the video. Intel actually owned a stake in arm and for years working on an intel version of the Arm chip called xscale. Apple wanted the xscale cpu in the iphone at a specific price. Intel refused because they did not feel they would make up a profit on large volume at the negotiated price. The irony is that intel had the chip ready to go.  Mistake #2 right after rejecting this offer, they chose to add insult to injury by selling the Stake in Arm and the xscale design to MRVL for a measly 600m because the CEO wanted to beat wallstreet numbers for his bonus.
BFD
That's the best video about the new Apple's processor in the YouTube!! Thanks, man!
A1, as good as it is, is still a "mobile" class chip and has tiny performance if you compare it to a desktop class CPU. Sure its good in laptops which are also mobile devices but its no desktop killer.
I've been in IT for almost 30 years now and this is a game change. Coupled with MS dropping the ball with Windows 10 and making it a reliability shit show and I think we may have an inflection point.
While arm is very useful for mobile devices, I doubt it will perform as well as desktop CPU's, like the newer zen 3 models
Intel cant catch a break first AMD now Apple?? Lmao glad to see it
This is the way. Apple has spoken.
How great can the M1 chip be with only 16 GB of RAM??
I'm watching this on the new MacBook Air. It is incredible.
Apple has always been the innovator. If it were left to Bill Gates we would still have a choice of green or orange monochrome monitors.
Microsoft Surface Pro X was running on ARM last year. Apple didn't invent nothing new!
I really believe that Apple has free pass on 51 area, its not possible!  hahahahaha. Amazing video, thx!
Microsoft are developing ARM (RISC) based Windows and program compilers, so they can use ARM chips on desktops/laptops.
They made the M1 chip and didnt tell anyone about the cycle flaw.
11:42 didn't apple have troubles and signed an exclusivity contract with intel forcing them to use x86 chips?
Can’t believe Apple just disrupted the industry by inventing the Chromebook. Game changer for sure.
3:59 get the fuck out of here. I love my iPad and iPhone but the Apple A14 chip is not faster than the i9 10900k in any way. That is misinformation intel’s hyper threaded 20 core CPU outperforms any CPU on the market and is comparable to AMD if anything. I benchmarked both CPUs and that is not an accurate representation of the A14 chip.
5:09 I once dreamt of a 486 PC!!!! pre-Pentium1
If you understand ARM, skipp it! this is for housewife levels only, people not understanding it!
the iphone has hardware video encoding, so it's that's not a great comparison for the video thing, it's defs a great feature, but that's a fixed functionality thing, not saying the iPhone isn't very very impressive. But isn't really an apples to apples comparison.
Really the and ryzen laptops are just as powerful and the M1 has some video editing stutter issues ...get off the apple coolaid
Intel blew it lol
I enjoy your videos, but this time you got it wrong about why this system is so much faster -  it’s because of better operating system software design that is more closely integrated with an improved hardware design focusing on removing bottlenecks between the VRAM, the storage memory, and CPU caches, and the system memory ie  much better memory management, with a removal of bottlenecks. Risc is only part of the story......the smaller die size and risc design are primarily associated with the low power requirements, not so much the performance improvements.
Most of C level managers don't know anything about the business they are running, especially in the tech. They just serve their corporate overloads with pie charts, slowly killing any innovation, trust of employees and original mission of the company until there is nothing left. After they migrate to suck dry another company.
This is the result of poaching intel employees. https://9to5mac.com/2018/05/31/apple-intel-chip-engineers/
Hasn't Microsoft introduced ARM technology in its Surface X in 2019 already.
Isn't the entire interview with Professor Steve Furber from a Computerphile video like 5 years ago?
This is point that is made is with the imac vs the phone. A TON of this is programming guys. It's not the same program, it's some the platform, it's some etc etc etc. You can't simply compare it like that.
RIP Intel
w o w
*_I don't have an iPhone but I have a Macbook Pro, I used to have an iPhone though but I switched to Android. But I must say, iPhone and iPod Touch started it all. I still remember I was one of the first owners of iPod Touch in the world, I even had a reservation 2 weeks before it was released in Japan._*
Do a video about how Israel purposely killed Intel. :)
Very informative video 👍
The performance improvements listed are not apples for apples comparison. The workload the machines are doing are 100% different :\  Adding things like AVX makes those % gain numbers non comparitive
No they didn't. A company in Taiwan did.
Thank you Apple for helping Windows with ARM apps since companies will finally take ARM seriously.
RIP Intel
Ho Lee Phuc! Sum Ting Wong!
DAY.1. I have invite codes if you'd like to be 1st in to try a new Social Media Eco-System with FREEDOM OF SPEECH.   It will eventually have the functions of many other platforms all built into 1 ecosystem. https://www.stratus.co/?ref=JLambo
They did it with "slave" labor so that they can charge over 1000% for their products. 😡
Am I the only one annoyed by the misused apostrophes in the titles? I was scrolling through trying to find a comment to vote up...
fuck Microsoft they’ll never innovate
People who we thank no matter how much will never be enough. Albert Einstein Sir Isaac Newton Marie Curie Stephen Hawking Alexander Graham Bell Steve Jobs Elizabeth Blackwell Aristotle Blaise Pascal Neil Armstrong Barbara McClintock Charles Babbage Rosalind Franklin Charles Louis Alphonse Laveran Alexander Fleming Dorothy Hodgkin and much more... We have had some great heroes.
Never purchased an Apple product and never will.  At least they don't spy on you?
I think its funny that they constantly compared the M1 to Intel when Intel is a failing company. That's sad that they had to make it seem like it was a good CPU by comparing it to a product by a company that has been falling behind its main competitor for almost half a decade at this point.
Reeks of fanboy in here.
Imagine if these laptop ARM chips became mainstream and a gaming laptop was build out of them.
That's what happens when you don't innovate and just keep giving small incremental updates for years. Intel is dead now. Every PC maker in the world right now will have to rethink and re-price their laptops to compete with Apple. Waiting for the 16 inch macbook pro, hope it has an even better processor 🤞
... did this guy just make a video praising the "Empire" for finally figuring out, developing, and implementing the "death star"? ... he acknowledges very quickly why apple is fast becoming so unpopular but then makes a very sharp right turn.  In my opinion the main issue is not what apple hardware can do but how apple is using that newfound power.
17:30 exactly, has HW acceleration, which means dedicated chip area for that particular task and dedicated instructions for that particular task. It's smoke and mirrors, and goes _against_ the ARM philosophy. Those instructions are _only_ being used for that particular task, and optimized only for that task. The desktop version seems to be not using any HW acceleration *despite* the AMD GPU being more than capable to do that.  That "benchmark" is in essence bullshit.  Apple did not invent magic here, they just added HW accelerators for certain things.
Only two days later there is this https://www.notebookcheck.net/Alleged-Apple-M1X-SoC-in-upcoming-MacBook-Pro-16-ready-to-outcore-and-outscore-its-M1-ARM-based-relative.506019.0.html  worth a read, very reputable writer
no they have not yet delivered a desktop cpu. Weather they can scale this to Desktop and Server space while maintaining the power draw advantage still remains to be seen. Lets see how this scales as they move to chips with 8, 16 or even more cores.  keep in mind that the largest x86 chips on the market have 64 cores. That said I am impressed with what is being reported about the Mac book air, and for the first time ever I'm at least considering it, and I've never owned any Apple devices.
You forgot AMD, which would be *off the charts* you are showing. Multiples ahead of intel at exactly same end user price, while consuming fraction of the power. Also in real world (term which Intel themselves prefer to use) the 10900k is more like 250W. Comparable AMD processor is 105W (not even joking), and if you use one only for gaming, then 65W (again not even joking, that 65W CPU is both cheaper, and consumes less than 1/3rd the power ... on single thread bound workloads!)
This is a video worth keeping. Thanks 🙏
You may want to switch to a different channel for a more critical look. It certainly looks like Apple managed to pull of good performance on the machine, but it really can't match a similarly priced PC in performance. It is a good sign though that ARM designs can reach these levels at low power. As long as you do some dabbling it will be fine. But nothing can ever lure me into the walled garden as one of the fruits to be picked. As a portable though, very interesting. But the question then is;,.. Does it run Linux?
Here's to the Crazy ones, The people who think they Can change the world ,are The ones who do.
The problem I see here is Apple itself. As this processor is faster, stronger and more energy efficient, many manufacturers of Laptops and escpecially their customers would like to use it. But Apple normally doesn't sell components. They want to sell you their whole system (and their OS preferably, too). So instead of giving (making it accessible) this technology "to the world" they will only give it to their own customers. What I'm saying is: This video makes it look like Apple is changing the world. Well maybe in the long run, but for now only Apple customers can use it and that will stay that way for the forseeable future...
Any smartphone IS a PC by definition. No exceptions.And allways have been even  before the term smartphone was settled.
Intel is not even the leader in desktop CPU's here in 2020 😂
The worrying thing about your video is that you are talking about performance per watt like it's raw performance, first saying that the A14 is better than an i9-10900k when is half true because is better in performance per watt but not in raw performance, then you have the single core and multicore performance, no numbers where mentioned in the video about those. You are saying the M1 is the most powerful chip just because apple said "2x the performance of the pc chip" which is ambiguous. But apple's chips are damn impressive and it's obvious that the M1 is the best chip for laptops though, and in a few generations apple's claims of "the fastest chip in the world" will be true but we need numbers backing the M1 claims. I love your videos but this one feels rushed.
Another dimesion of marketing going there
The background music is too loud. Your voice over is bad on this one.
rotten apples always look good on one side !
wow... The guy tries to play LOL on a Mac.
I still hate Apple.
I'm 5 minutes in and I'm like how do I not already know this!? I've been a life long lover of pc's and studied computing at college (never pursued it as a career), can't believe the RISC vs CISC thing never came up. Love you videos btw! Keep it up :)
Dont buy this Antirepair Company. Stop it!
Fantastic documentary.  Thank you.
hope they can make it so you can have dedicated graphics cards otherwise there not much point in arm for high end gaming.
Microsoft feels saddened than intel over M1. Imagine they always toyed with ARM.
And it was that moment when intel knew, they fkd up.
This is good for customer only if others can do it as well. I'm really worried on the level of control now given to a single company. Apple can just decide not to run anything other than applications they have allowed.. and they can without you knowing make your VPN for example null and void. Getting even a legit commercial application to a Mac is already a pain and a half.. I can just envision hardware based signing / DRM around the corner.  Like the progress.. worry about the hidden price.
Good report. but a nit pick: Digital Equipment Corp was the leader in ARM chips in early 1990s with its Strong Arm.  (devices such as Newton and other PDAs made use of it).  As Digital failed it donated the StrongARM IP and teams to Intel.  As Digital failed, HP/Compaq donated the Alpha Engineers to Intel. Digital rngineers from both Alpha and StrongARM  projects formed PA Semi which Aple then bought. The Alpha was the first "mainframe" 64 bit RISC available 1992.  The last Alpha (EV7) in early 2000s included memory technology/controler that would inspire AMD, and which was  donated to Intel which used parts to make its Quickpath/CSI contrtollers first seen in Nehalem x86s. So the folks at PA Semi (now Apple) have a lot of experience/knowledge with high performance.  Yet, Digital never gets mention for having originated much of this.
As always, from all the videos that I've seen on the topic, this one is the best. Simple and clean yet very informative! Thanks a lot!
Bro...... Your comparison of those CPU's are so wrongly presented you may delete this video not to shit on your own credibility. Please read the specification comparison. I will however say that A14 is better measured watt by watt. Check it out and please correct yourself. I can't watch your videos if you present facts wrongly.    https://gadgetversus.com/processor/apple-a14-bionic-vs-intel-core-i9-10900k/
Thanks for sharing I'm super excited!
Totally unrelated but what if our earliest ancestors were gadgets to our maker(s). I'm sorry.
Can M1 and A12 run Crysis?
can you make a playlist of music that you use in your videos? 😁
Is my man Tim Cook lurking in the comments section?
I'm considering a new iPad just for video editing with C-Log 4k/8k footage down the road, plus its 3d LiDar scanning capabilities
Hi!!! Love the video but there’s an error: the first Apple designed ARM chip was the A4 in the first generation iPad. The next year, the A4 moved to the iPhone 4. The A5 in iPad 2 was then used in the iPhone 4S before the third generation iPad used the A5X chip the same year the iPhone 5 received the A6.
Very interesting! As embedded system engineer, I work with Arm microcontrollers and microprocessors every day. Awesome to see these chips getting this attention.  Thank u for this great video dude!
Great video.  Made me nostalgic for my Acorns.  Look at that tiny little postage-size chip, I used to tell my 386 friends : that’s the CPU, and it can run on an AA battery!
One thousand apple haters downthumbed this video without watching it.
guess who bought ARM. I'm expecting non-mac open market processors soon.
Amazing Amazing Amazing video!
Kinda surprised this video skipped the part the Newton played in Apple-ARM
Its worth noting that Apple wasnt solely responsible for evaporating Intel's lead. AMD  has been competing heavily in Intel's own specific areas for years.
RISC: Will encourage more software developers to develop more code.   -- More software focus -- Uses only Hardwired control unit -- Transistors are used for more registers -- Fixed sized instructions -- Can perform only Register to Register Arithmetic operations -- Requires more number of registers -- Code size is large -- A instruction execute in single clock cycle -- A instruction fit in one word  CISC: Will encourage the push of the Hardware and optimizing of the hardware performance.  -- More hardware focus -- Uses both hardwired and micro programmed control unit --Transistors are used for storing complex Instructions -- Variable sized instructions -- Can perform REG to REG or REG to MEM or MEM to MEM -- Requires less number of registers -- Code size is small -- Instruction take more than one clock cycle -- Instruction are larger than size of one word
Wasn't the "M1" a rouge computer on Star Trek original series?
I wonder, if Apple become the biggest chip maker around, like Intel did in the 90’s, will they sell their processors to other manufacturers? Is it possible that we will eventually see a Windows PC with an Apple chip? I wonder...
They didn't change anything, they just bought up companies that made technology that would have been adopted by other companies. Now thanks to Apple, they're going to just keep locking everything with exclusive licenses and hold back technology with their incompetence. We've seen what they're doing with their iphones and Mac books. The people at Apple have no idea what they're doing.
Having gosebumps everytime i watch your content.
And Nvidia bought them... the worst possible company that could have bought arm after someone like Apple...
Kept their devices closed and make it almost impossible to fix their devices third party. They also charge around $700 for wheels on a computer.
this is absolutley legendary
How did apple do it?  ASML.
ARM is a UK company :)
yes, they did it again ... Steve's Spirit
I've never been a fan of Apple but I'm so impressed. I think I might have to sell my mom's car to afford this
all this efficiency and performance is useless if its designed to be used by elderly and 10 year old fortnite mobile gamers. Whenever I see an Iphone, I just see a smart brick. Sure, it can show me the time or news, but its still a brick. I cant do anything with it, because Apple restricts everything. Its like having a jet engine mounted to a wheelchair, when an electric motor could do the job. I wish Apple frees the jet engine from the wheel chair or gives people the ability to modify their wheel chair.  Edit: Now that I am a little bit deeper in the video, stating that Intel is just too slow to innovate because they simply are not able to is false. The truth is, that they simply did not need to innovate because of the lack of competitors. They just hoarded all the money over the years because who does not want to be rich. They were greedy and maximized the profits.
Next Apple will design their own architecture
Imagine overclocking that bad boy
people have been laughing at me for years when i tell them mobile chips are better than desktop chips. They will laugh at me right now if i say it
makes me wanna buy more apple stock
the ARMs race we never knew about
Apple.. we employ hundreds of thousands of forced labor workers in China who build your phone for 40 dollars, then sell it to you for more than a grand. Profit. Resistance.. is futile.
Arm has always been touted to be the next architecture. Well, looks like the top 2 better get their act together now or be consumed.
Apple can officially make CPU chips for windows desktop and make a killing easily.
Still a niche.
Where's Jim Keller and his K12 architecture when you need him?
There has to be something that RISC can't do and CISC can. Come on 😭
From an expert's eye, this guy's a phony. you dont really understand processors, do you?
Awesome. Used RISC BITD. I wonder why the M1 is not in the 16" MBP but only Intel and AMD options.
A14 beating 10900 most be in Singlecore only tho
Amd will just switch to making arm compatible, they are highly innovative!
I hope we eventually get to a point where we can ditch x86 all together. The instruction set is bloated and power/performance isn't looking great either
I wonder what the chances are that Intel, being the industry leader for so long, made the decision early on to throttle the release of their technology to the marketplace in order to avoid "topping out" too quickly, so to speak (?)  Sounds like Intel got so fat, they didnt see apple coming up behind them...
This video seems well researched but the lack of technical knowledge really shows when it tries to show examples or get down to specifics: the iphone exports video faster than the mac because it's using dedicated hardware encoding and not because the CPU chip is faster, and the RISC and CISC ISAs have borrowed so much from each other over the years that the modern day versions of these architectures are more similar than they are different. Good effort but the writer really needs a technical co-writer
Great video!
I don t like Apple computers but that made me want to have one 😅
Change the title to " How Apple changed the industry AGAIN".
As somebody who literally broke barriers live streaming 4K60 from Coachella, for Samsung and YouTube, I can say that video export demonstration is meaningless as presented here. He confirmed the hi-spec settings on the phone which naturally uses hardware encoding as part of its design (it is a device designed to take 4k, hdr video through a camera), but he did not confirm GPU accelerated encoding on the desktop export. With reasonably quick storage and any GPU acceleration, I would expect the desktop export to move substantially faster just like on the phone. His comment about the CPU fans and CPU load also indicates it was not GPU encoding. Any video workstation that would be exporting HEVC in this day will be GPU accelerated. Even without an Nvidia GPU and nvnc Intel still has QS and can do HEVC since SkyLake (8k since after Apollo Lake.)  I'm not trying to take anything from the chip overall, just saying that was a piss-poor way to try and prove it's dominance.
7minutes in and I've learned a lot
The best tech channel on YouTube
Intel lost their good customer
Brilliant!!!
This is a really excellent presentation.    Thank you.   Subscribed.
The old days of cold fustion
intel fucked up
Pretty much killed off all their previous lines of Macbooks with this launch...  Why would they even continue selling 2020 versions prior to the M1 is so....
I didn't know that ARM was a UK company! I thought it was a US company, I think we have quite a few great companies here in the UK, let alone the covid-19 vaccine that doesn't have to be stored at -100C only 2 - 4C with a fraction of the cost!
my iPhone 11 is faster than MacBook pro 13" 2016
ARM = Acorn RISC Machine = Mind Blown!!! Thanks Altraide!!! Superior Research = Quality, Superior and timeless works that can stand the test of time !!!! Respect!!!
i can smell this technology gonna get cloned...Ma 1 chip...
I hope this ARM processors will be a trend in the future for both PC and Apple
Massive overhype
Fantastic video! This is incredible. Thank you
2:55 those two applications are not the same at all, they have very little in common, so that was a bad comparison imo
wow
3:02 this is a blatant lie, this is Photoshop not Lightroom, and it's known to be much slower
What annoys me about this, is that once the MacBook Pro 16’ or large iMacs with a better M1 Chip are released, they’ll be sold out forever.
Can you make video about "Intel Downfall" please? How AMD beaten it and now Apple is even ditching.
I believe bill the eugenicist gates named his company after his penis.
Imagine you just bought a 50k Intel Mac Pro last Year
Hopefully it can continue to improve I know ARM can't hit higher clocks yet.
Aaaaaand this is why I bought more apple shares lol
Soon window manufacturers will adopt this kind of chip AMD is already eating up intel and now this  Seems like intel will be known as like nokia Don't get me started with their low end i3 processor they just don't work
x86 on laptop and desktop are 2 completely different types of chips.
you need to chill on the EQ bro. This is quite a lot of high end! Great video!
I’m happy to see intel is bitten by AMD and Apple.
Runs out to sell all my last 4 intel chips!  If Apple add microLED screens then it's a sudden game over for Windows... More importantly - this also means the PlayStation 5 & Xbox Series X are stillborn :)  And forget all of those... imagine Amazon's profits when they switch AWS over to using M1!!!
I’ve removed my intel i7 sticker off my laptop out of shame.
Very nice video! Thank You! Just signed up to Morning Brew..
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
What a fantastic documentary, thank you so much for creating it. Full of cool stuff.
I hate seeing more and more Youtube reviews turn to vendor advertisements, meanwhile they are meant to be UNBIASED. There is NOT a single word about REPAIR-ABILITY or UPGRADE-ABILITY of the device. When you buy this device you will be locked to Mac OS - Sur or newer, there is no way to install Windows or Linux likewise  you can still do with other Intel Macs , even it's not possible downgrade i.e. Majove Apple's own operating systems. Apple is soldering SSD hard disk to PCB (everything is one big bloc) so forget about recovering your data in case of a hardware failure.
as someone who uses and prefers pc. I have to say im impresssed with apple. I hope this forces the industry to possibly implement this.
In the '90s, lots of UK schools used Acorn A3000s and some bigger machines. They ran programmes that were superior to anything that PCs had to offer. Specifically 'Artisan' was a click and draw suite that is, to this day, still smoother and more responsive than 'Paint' on PC. I really hope that some of this Apple magic gives the RISC developers from back then some kudos. They really knew their business, but were overshadowed by IBM/Intel marketing and industry adoption. If Acorn had really competed properly back then, I don't think anybody would have bothered with IBM compats. While Acorn had a friendly and very snappy feeling interface, most IBM machines still needed users to type 'PARK' before powering off their DOS machines. (to park the HDD heads lol). Very glad to hear that ARM's really got some traction now.
Excellent work as always sir!
There's just one thing that puts me off: Once you buy an Apple product to be your main device, you are trapped in the "Apple-garden of pay-for-every-little-app". For more than 12 years I have used almost exclusivly devices based on the x86 design, also exclusivly with the Linux operating system.  The beauty of that was, there was always the free software or what today is called apps, free of charge, open source, to get all jobs done.  As soon as I can efficiently run Linux on the Apple device I might as well just hop on board.
you skipped the great RISC-CISC nerds war :(
That's nice and all but can it run windows?
Can't wait for all the compatibility issues while every company starts switching to ARM...  Anyway, you seem to have been misinformed on the running x86 software thing. I've heard from many people that said simulation is actually very buggy and painfully slow in practice. I have no clue how the previewers got the notion it wasn't even noticeable.
You should just check out Samsung Phones and DeX mode. Through a USB-C you can connect the phone to an external monitor and enable desktop mode. I sold my ThinkPad with Intel i5-8350 and got a Samsung S20 FE with Snapdragon 865 and it is snappier and much more convenient to use.
Put this on the IPADS
I admire the technology. But their business practices should be illegal. They are not a company with the customers best interests in mind. Their repair policy for their badly engineered products is buy the new one.
This is mind-blowing. Especially the fact that it's happening now. But... I just bought a windows ultrabook and it runs on intel... Fuckin rip. I'm switching to arm asap, laptops should not be tethered to power cords and double as a cooking appliance! 🤣
Apple products are such garbage, its gonna break down and theres no way to fix it.
The M1 SOC may be interesting but a big part of the performance comes from x86 to ARM instructions translation used by Rosetta 2.0, which is completely different from Microsoft's x86/64 Emulation on their SQ1 SOC.  I'm super interested in this tech because Microsoft actually did something like this with Project Astoria which translate Android/ARM to WoA. But it was abruptly discontinued probably due to Google's interference.  Apple has gone 1 step further and that to me explains the negligible performance gap when running translated x86 programs on ARM RISC.  What really convinced me that M1 performance is legit is not video editing. You can build ASIC that do this into the SOC and that's why mobile phone can transcode video well. What sold it for me is the file compression & decompression tests ran by some benchmarks.  That said, Intel has been really slacking for a decade now, so it's their own fault. My next PC will be an AMD. My first AMD built ever.
Why doesn't the narrator get excited about the Power series RISC chip that IS the competition for the ARM chip?
Specs subject to change after purchase. -apple Satisfaction not guaranteed. -apple Our lawyers assure us we can not be held accountable for limiting performance 6mths after purchase. -apple
Video starts at 19:45 not kidding
What about discussing why PowerPC failed with IBM and Motorola and Apple, but ARM is today's success story?  The new Power series chips should be able to run these applications as fast.  I am not understanding why the first RISC chip used for so many years by Apple is just not discussed here.
A "hefty upgrade price"? M1 Macs are identical in price to previous Intel versions and in some cases (Mac Mini) cheaper.
Fantastic overview. I have hated Intel laptops since I was issued with them at work in 2001 onwards. They have always been slow, unreliable and laggy, no matter how many thousands you spend on them, or whether they are corporate or consumer machines. This Lenovo I'm typing on right now will be my last ever Intel machine. It is due for replacement in Apr 2022, I can't wait to get rid of it.
China's forced labor program is how.
This is such a stupid question to even pose. Fact is, Apple's entire ecosystem, very much including it's "computers", basically is a mobile environment. Always has been... a true fact, I can do more with my smartphone (N20U) than an Apple computer. Apple's OSX is a locked down crapshoot of which doesn't even BEGIN to compare with the x86/64 architecture of a Windows environment. It has no expandability, no software library / catalog comparatively... I mean, we are literally talking some 800,000,000:1 on that one. It has zero open doors to programmers or modders, one cannot develop on top of or even laterally. It's basically a cheap phone / tablet environment, and it has been since the Mac Plus 1MB. It's why the folks who love it even do love it, because its "simple". . . Not necessarily to use, as anyone used to using computers will find it limiting and frustrating. With options missing, abilities gone, and devoid of much purpose at all. But for the most basic of home use, it can work... like a WebTV, or really really cheap tools. You won't find pro's, or even enthusiasts using them, but there's still a very basic market there, and those basic folks are rather large in number, and can buy up quite a bit. But ultimately, the reason an ARM chip works so well for Apple, is that they are the exact realm it was meant for. They never needed x86/64 power, nor had they EVER used it. They handicapped every intel chip that ever hit a board of theirs, making a compelling argument of "why pay apple prices for hardware that's literally 20-40x faster in a Windows environment"? And now you don't have to... they realized that their basic calculator environment merely needed an epoxy blob to run it, and that's what they used!  Their loyal derps will still pay top dollar for inclusion to the club more or less, but at least Apple saves on the back end now! FAR more profit baby!!!  This will have a literal ZERO impact on the market as a whole though, as it really has nothing to do with it. Everyone knows what ARM and RISC can do, and everyone knows that in actual real computing, with actual real hardware, that has to do more than an extremely small batch of things, well... they know that it cannot ever have a reasonable place in that world. Apple gets by because their use case is literally none... you get a macbook to do what? Check FB, Twitter, IG? Do some web surfing, etc... Yeah, you can do that with a USB compute stick, also either ARM or a cheap Celeron that makes no heat, doesn't need cooled, etc. If all you need to do is cater to your tiny, insubstantial software library, housed in your own "app store", providing basic things that are the equivalent to old flash games if gaming, basic word processing, spreadsheets, office this and that.... Maybe some photo editing... yeah, a tablet or phone does that. And once more to reiterate, that's all an apple anything is, despite the form factor. This should just make that all the more evident.  If you want a brutally honest eval of what this M1 is, then go look at ETAPrime's emulation coverage of it... It is ranked "pretty good", same as most $40 Chinese handhelds these days, and does just about as much. Maxing out at Dreamcast, with limited success there. PS1 being it's highest and strongest level. So it falls in with other basic ARM chips when it comes to non Apple written, very very very very basic, software. It's a phone...
RISC vs Rewired
Lol no apple is garbage
I feel so bad for buying the super expensive maxed out 16inch MBP in December 2019 😅🥺
How can this man leave out IBM's Power series RISC chip?
What is the clock speed on the M1 chip or even the A13 chip?  Apple doesn't publish the clock speed on these chips.  Why or why not?
can we expect arm laptops from other manufactureres? also this is a great time for linux to get together and build a arm based linux distro for everyday use.
We should make evolutions like this in other domains in order to change lives deeply and attack climate change, really.
awesome
Is this video and narrator going to speak about the fact that Apple and IBM and Motorola already used the reduced instruction set chip (RISC) BEFORE it moved to the CISC chip made by Intel.  What Apple has done today with the ARM RISC chip is what the company did when it moved from the CISC Motorola 68XXX chips to the Power series of RISC chips made by Apple and IBM and Motorola in the AIM alliance.  No word about AIM alliance?  I think this video was put together by young people who were not old enough to know what happened in the 1990s, but it is no excuse.  This history is available for anyone to research and include in this video.
“changed the entire industry”        gamers are laughing
We are into a treat of technology just wait to see what’s the competition respond AMD and INTEL won’t go whit out a fight. Beautiful job Apple now just stop trying to kill the repair industry and stop being a money grabbing and stop slowing down old devices and tell you genius to stop laying to costumers and maybe we can trust you again.
Great synopsis.   The end of x86? But apple is also pushing system on a chip, which just make sense shorting the distance between ram and cpu, and GPU.  GPU manufactures are likely to take advantage of this change befor intel gets it’s act together.
Calm down, it's not that revolutionary as youtubers and people on social media make it. We are in the middle of race and Apple just bet on horse who has the best chances to win race. All the hype that genereate will sure help, but Apple did not invent and revolutionarized entire industry by putting ARM chip into laptop. Unpopular kids - Chromebooks, are doing that for long time.
No one : Steve Jobs : RISC hai to Ishq hai
OK, let's break this down:  Claims:  Up to 3.5X faster CPU performance  Up to 3.9X faster video processing  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction MacBook Air systems with Apple M1 chip and 8-core GPU, as well as production 1.2GHz quad-core Intel Core i7-based MacBook Air systems...  Conclusion:  M1 has faster CPU performance and "video processing" performance than Intel's craptastic ULV Ice Lake processors.  Claim:  Up to 7.1X faster image processing  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction Mac mini systems with Apple M1 chip, and production 3.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i3-based Mac mini systems  Conclusion:  M1 has faster iGPU than the lowest-spec'd Mac Mini running the Intel Coffee Lake quad-core i3-8100 CPU with Intel UHD graphics  Claim:  Our high‑performance core is the world’s fastest CPU core when it comes to low‑power silicon  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction 13‑inch MacBook Pro systems with Apple M1 chip and 16GB of RAM measuring peak single-thread performance of workloads taken from select industry-standard benchmarks, commercial applications, and open source applications. Comparison made against the highest-performing CPUs for notebooks commercially available at the time of testing. Performance tests are conducted using specific computer systems and reflect the approximate performance of MacBook Pro.  Conclusion:  One of the 4 big cores in the M1 was able to perform better in single-thread mode at peak (not necessarily sustained) than other notebook CPUs, although some of these, most notably 8-core models, would probably crush the M1 in multi-thread performance.  Claims:  Up to 2X faster CPU performance  Matches peak PC performance using 25% of the power  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction 13‑inch MacBook Pro systems with Apple M1 chip and 16GB of RAM. Multithreaded performance measured using select industry‑standard benchmarks. Comparison made against latest‑generation high‑performance notebooks commercially available at the time of testing. Performance tests are conducted using specific computer systems and reflect the approximate performance of MacBook Pro.  Conclusion:  The M1 is faster and more efficient that other notebook CPUs at cherry-picked benchmarks, but not necessarily in "commercial applications, and open source applications" like in the single-thread comparison. Hmm. Why not?  Claim:  3X CPU performance per watt  Footnote:  Testing conducted by Apple in October 2020 using preproduction 13‑inch MacBook Pro systems with Apple M1 chip and 16GB of RAM, as well as previous‑generation Mac notebooks. Performance measured using select industry‑standard benchmarks. Performance tests are conducted using specific computer systems and reflect the approximate performance of MacBook Pro.  Conclusion:  The M1 has better performance per watt than previous Mac notebooks. In this metric, I would hope an ARM based processor would have better numbers than Intel's old heaters. The question is how far back is this "previous-generation" Macs? Why is this metric not compared against "latest‑generation high‑performance notebooks commercially available at the time of testing"?  There are bunch more footnotes that I don't care to look at, but you can see how Apple is comparing the M1 using different metrics against different types of devices.
and they've subsequently secured their future for going bankrupt as they lock down their products even more with artificial limitations preventing 3rd party repair so customers are forced to buy and buy again rather than get a simple and cheap quick fix. fanboys will only accept so much raping in the ass and will abandon for more open and freer platforms.
Sorry, but I hate buying golden handcuffs. I'll wait for AMD to figure it out. Thanks for the story.
Hey Dagogo, the video is amazing as always. I have been a regular on your channel since the Note days where you managed to do some amazing customization. Always waiting for your next video
Apple's Newton was a huge catalyst for ARM in mobile devices - far predating the iPod.
Got any bridges or sale??
Not very impressive at all, just another mobile chip that is nowhere near desktop capability. Don't get blinded by this advertisement
Great video, congratulations!  Question, can something like that be done for GPU? Imagine having a CPU and GPU in a laptop more powerful than desktops, that would be awesome.
but what happen when battery technology become so powerful that power consumption is not a issue anymore.  Go Tesla lol
boring
Phone chips will never be as fast as desktop cpus. What about m1 vs a ryzen 5950x or 10900k. Sounds imposible and one giant apple propaganda
Yawn, and then I won't be able to use any apps from the past without emulation.  This shit will take forever to come out outside apple.  I hate apple...their hardware isn't even good anymore.  Their batteries are POSes and had 3 macbooks die since 2018.  I can't run my old apps anymore on Catalina as they roll this shit out. E.g. pgAdmin 3 does not run anymore, and there is no way to get it to run.  Now, imagine that with all the 3rd party software you use on a desktop until they update it.  Tell this story to my PowerPC imac that can't run anymore :joy:  That thing was a piece of shit.  Now, the cutover of OSX support will be such a pain for devs and users, even if it is a good idea to use ARM, which is NOTHING new.
As ususal..excellent one! Nice job coldfusion
Jai hind🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 Cold Fusion
don't most modrn laptops and desktops use x64?
Thank u
His voice is so soothing!
Aren't Qualcomm's processors being tested on Windows laptops too?  Hope to see ARM based Windows laptops become mainstream soon!
Is this about "lower size, efficiency use" VS "bigger size, powerfull work"
We want m2 chip with expandable ram and discrete gpu.
OK, This guy SOUNDS smart, but there's WRONG info in the first 1 minute!  The most significant difference between a phone and computer isn't the PROCESSOR, the biggest difference is the OPERATING SYSTEM!  Apple COULD have made an iOS for macbook or OSX for a phone... And did this video just take 3 minutes to explain what the video is going to be covering??  Just TELL ME, I don't need a 3 minute ramble to tell me what you're going to talk about, just use the 3 minutes to talk about the subject...
Apple will destroy intel when all pc makers switch to arm based laptop just to compete.
APPLE used -> FATALITY
Add two tb3 to an iPod iPhone iPad Apple TV and call it a day. Remember Apple was not the first to use arm on a desktop operating system. Not the first 5nm. Yet people are acting like Apple did something new here?. Even snap dragon 865 and 865 beat the iPhone 11 Pro in multicore and other things while losing is single and others. Mist are reporting a 4 core to an 8 core it's all Apple hype making it seem way better than it is. Samsung's sex, Google's crime Microsoft surface x. The iPhone was not the first all touch smart phone that was the LG prada which also had downloadable apps and Bluetooth. Theviriginak iPhone that cane later had neither.  Apple also was not the first with wireless ear buds the fingerprintreader face is multi cameras computational photography night mode Oled her etc. They let other do the dirty work. Define it release it with style and hype and instantly they get all the credit which is crazy and YouTube's constantly rave and cherry peak tests that show the strong pointsvpretty much over looking the weak points our systems that are cheaper and out perform it.
As IoT become the new lifestyle and cannot be separated from our life, it will be a great idea to get a processor that can be installed on everything. Developers must be happy about it as well (cmiiw, not an expert in computer and stuffs).
08:30 chip running without power connection. OK. Paints this clip .
Apple pulled a big pp move with this one
25:08 I worked like this 30% of my working time in last 8 months, now I am suffering from Cervical spondylosis.
Apple sucks. And its brainwashed users.
The best case cover for Christmas by ColorMyPods! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybOaXjOn750&list=PLr0Q3LPRzBepxzyo-JBvojKulU4JEzT8Z
all of the dislike is come from intel employee
When I watched the Apple M1 Presentation, I knew I saw something remarkable...like the iPhone introduction.  A new MacBook Air (with M1) without fans is capable of doing better Video production then my current $2.000 desktop tower PC. Just WTF...?!
I love that graph comparison at 23:34 I  nearly spilled my tea, nice research there.  I always learn a lot from your videos, great insights.  And as another commenter mentioned, it's a shame that Clayton Christensen died just earlier this year and didn't get to see this happen as he predicted 20+ years ago
Does it run linux?      /             \  No              Yes   |                   |  \/                 \/ Trash         Great, I'll try it
This really feels like the start of the end for x86. If the performance increase keeps this pace then x86 will completely be left behind in the next 3 to 5 years and the PC side will have to go along with it (unless AMD and Intel will make a huge leaps again like in the early pentium/athlon or Core 2/Core i days). But I have the feeling that Samsung and Nvidia (if their arm acquisition goed right) and maybe Qualcomm will replace intel/amd somewhere in the next decade or two for notebooks and even desktops and servers. It will be really exciting to see how Apple will do their Mac Pro chips to see how it all scales, it will show how ARM compares to Threadripper/Epic and Xeon processors, that one will in my opinion be the most important processor from Apple to see the viability of replacing X86 completely.
You know digital technology advances quickly when videos from the 80s seem like they are from the Cambrian Era.
AMD probably will start experimenting with Risk V so they can ditch X86 from intel and not enter another devils deal with ARM/Nvidia.
Only two questions in my mind about this   Can it run Crysis     or Can it run flight sim 2020
ARM doesn't need us fans 😜
You’re an Android and Windows user?! Your style screams clean Apple look. Keep up the quality content.
Yep, gotta agree, will never buy Apple and it's Scheme, lets just call it that for now, the total enveloped control  over their SW and HW! But I am looking forward to the performance/price advantage of what naturally will be the Market trying to compete! I just prefer more control over my things and the right to own them 100% is all!
Extremely well-made tech talk!
This is even more impressive given that Apple is yet to produce a desktop chip with desktop performance
Big karma
If Apple worked on the gaming side allowing it to play games on a Mac then most top industries which focus on gaming will surely die.  Anyway I heard somewhere AMD is working with Exynos processor I think death of Intel is near..
And all for just open instagram.
If Apple silicon is as good it seems to be that's great but does anyone think it might be a way of stopping the hackintosh community?
Yeah... I have been hoping to see something like this. I used an ASUS Transformer Prime a few years ago. A great laptop / tablet hybrid based on Nvidia Tegra in its early days. It could hold power for I think it was 15 hours. 15 hours of watching 720p video.  I am a sucker for power efficiency. So I have long been hoping to see this mature. I also have an ARM based laptop, but its pretty limited what we have so far. I do think the Switch and other Tegra products have been shown the possibilities of ARM for years now. But Apple is going to make the industry want to overall reinvest more in ARM I think.  And a lot of focus is already on making APIs that can convert x86 /x64 calls into ARM calls, making it possible to run such apps natively on ARM without emulation... or at least almost without emulation. Its a bit like what WINE does to run Windows apps on Linux and how its possible to make DirectX12 apps run using Vulkan. Apple already seems to be using this method to ensure some compatibility with x86 iOS apps on the new ARM Macs.
Anyone remember Microsoft attempt at doing this? The SQ1 ARM processor in their Surface Pro X, it sucked and had that 'you are the beta tester' price. The M1 seems a bit better, but still seems kinda like a beta. EDIT: nvm mentioned at 2:50. Intel got stomped by AMD, then Apple just curb stomped everyone.
Oh, yes, I too look forward to machines with 0 expansion potential or upgradeability. People look at those single threaded performance benchmarks but forget that: 1) There is no dedicated GPU option and the unified memory in the SoC makes that very hard to implement 2) They just killed support for Parallels, one of the most useful features on Macs 3) It's using a cutting edge 5nm process and they were comparing it with Intel's 14nm chips. The thermal throttling was Apple's fault, not Intel's.  ARM by itself is not a magic bullet. All modern processors are CISC-RISC hybrids.
The only thing that Apple has done recently is stolen my extensive music playlists that took me years to compile and now I have to go through my extensive library and start again.Not easy with almost 200,000 music tracks.Now their only interested in subscriptions.As if selling hardware,music,films,is not enough.I purchased one of the first IPods and when I got it home I just couldn’t get anything on it.So after much research in magazines I realised I needed a computer to enable me to get music on this incredible device.So I went out and purchased from my local store no Apple stores in those days a an early laptop incredibly low specs but it had this wonderful program on it called ITUNES.you but all your tapes or CD’s on iTunes and sync your iPad to it and your music was all on this tiny device that eventually stored more and more music on it.Wonderful playlist options on ITUNES and on the IPad my first investment in Apple and was not cheap to get my music on this tiny device,I was so over the moon with it I really didn’t mind.Because of this incredible device and system I deeply got involved with Apple just because of the iPod.I remember watching Steve Jobs walking up and down the stage and pulling out this tiny device.I gust had to have one and because of that one device me and my family spent a small fortune with Apple the whole collection almost yearly. Now they have stolen my playlists yes my playlists, in the las update of IPad OS 14 and I didn’t even notice it until a few days after.So Apple can bring out the most powerful CPU so that you can take selfie’s at the speed of sound or make a comment on Facebook at lightning speed or watch 16K videos on YouTube support from Apple coming in 2035 I think this new chip is Apple clutching at straws as other phone producers have overtaken them and there is a lot of competition out there.For the first time in almost twenty years I purchased an Android phone and find it more efficient and more enjoyable than Apple’s OS.I just love my new ZFold 2.I know this is not what this video is about but I purchased a new iPad Pro recently and had more problems setting up IPad to IPad something I’ve done many times before,than setting up my fold phone from my IPhone pro Max to Android via smart switch.After them stealing my playlist I’m done with Apple.Very Upset as I have been a unknown ambassador for Apple from the beginning.Not interested in their new chip.
Intel...next to Nokia!
Really an amazing and insane video!!! I get all now  #ripIntel
Apple did a good job but it also seems combined with Intel dropping the ball for last couple of years, They are surpassed by AMD in performance and price and now Apple drops the hammer... What is weird is that Intel could have seen how much faster ARM became year over year, and did nothing about it to anticipate that.
9:03 I had that one!!! haha keys in a circle, so old, my second mobile phone
Coffee was ordered when you asked us to get ready
Re. CISC vs. RISC It's not so simple anymore, CISC vs. RISC used to be a thing, but it hasn't been a thing for a long long time now.  Starting with the original Pentium (1993, P5 micro-architecture [uarc from here on]) Intel started to decouple the internal architecture (uarc) from the ISA (Instruction Set Architecture), i.e. the Pentium had a stage in it that decoded the x87 instructions (operations) into the micro-operations (uops from here on) used internally.  In the Pentium the decode stage is estimated to be around 30% of the transistors on the chip, so while it was pretty expensive, it was worth it performance wise. But by the time of the Pentium Pro (1995, P6 uarc), the decode stage is estimated to be around 10% of the transistor budget, and it further decouple the ISA from the uarc, in essence the Pentium Pro was essentially a RISC chip pretending to be a CISC chip, as it decoded the x86 CISC instructions into its internal RISC-like uops. As the Pentium Pro became the Pentium III (1999) the decode stage became a smaller and smaller portion of the transistor budget, essentially it became cheaper and cheaper for a RISC chip to pretend to be a CISC chip.  So at the time of Apple's transition from 68k to Power PC (PPC) chips (starting 1994), Apple were moving from CISC chips to RISC chips, while Intel were making their CISC chips more RISC like internally. But by the time of the G5 (2002, PPC 970) IBM themselves started to decode the PPC ISA operations into uops internally. This was an acknowledgement that there're benefits to both the CISC and RISC philosophies, that a pure RISC design required much better code and compilers to fully utilise, that adding additional instructions to the PPC ISA and decoding them into uops yields benefits over a purely RISC design.  So now that all modern processors are a hybrid RISC/CISC design (i.e. they use a decode stage to convert a variety of instructions into internal uops; yes ARM designs do the same thing, about the only one that doesn't these days is MIPS), what's the difference between x64 processors and Apple's ARM designs? The biggest difference is how wide the processors can be.  Processors tend to be either long and narrow (as in the Pentium 4 with the Netburst uarc), or shallow and wide (or both if you can afford it to be). What that means is that processors tend to have either have a long chain of stages where work is passed along one after another (akin to a train that travels at 500km/h), or it can have multiple paths through which work can travel through (so maybe like a 5 lane highway where cars travel at 100km/h). Why one or the other and not both? Because energy is not free, you have to decide between the two as it's too expensive to do both.  In terms of work done, you can see where a train that travels at 500km/h can get 10 passengers from A to B in N time, while on the highway that will take 5N time to do the same work. Say there's a relay race happening between A and B, what happens if a baton is left at A? The train would need to go all the way back to A, meaning that all the baton carriers would need to go back to A, while on the highway only one lane's worth of baton carriers would need to go back to A.  Because modern x64 processors have to retain backwards compatibility with the initial x64 ISA design (where AMD did their best to widen the design from the x86 ISA Intel initially designed), it's constantly hitting a limit with regards to how wide it can be. Intel and AMD can widen the uarc designs a bit more every time they push the frequency up, but the ISA itself limits how wide it can fully be. Apple's ARM designs don't have that limitation, Apple's previous generation A13 and the current generation A14/M1 processors have an 8-wide decode block, while Intel and AMD are at 4-wide (Samsung's M3 is 6-wide, and ARM's X1 will be 5-wide).  So in summary, the reason that Apple's ARM processors are faster than Intel's processors isn't because of CISC vs. RISC, but because they can make a wider processor than Intel. That's s why the 3.2GHz M1 is faster than Intel's 5GHz processors, and just slightly slower than AMD's 5GHz processors.
APPLE TO THE CONSUMERS PAY MORE PAY MORE PAY MORE.....FOR LESS......
The only problem is that these chips are optimised for Mac OS and won't give same performance on general purpose PCs and also for gaming Mac OS is far away.
They just used cold fusion by watching cold fusion tv it's new thinking :^)
Apple: RISC hai to ishq hai
Also, I can’t over a week’s worth of battery life ON A LAPTOP. I could have used that so much when I was in college.
This will be the last M1. ARM is now own by Nvidia. For sure in the future they will not license anybody that make ARM chip. They only the one that make ARM chip.
nice report
I think every chipset manufacturer should shift to arm
As an old school Intel fan, I knew the writing was on the wall when I bought the redesigned iPad Pro a year ago and was BLOOOWWWWNN AWAAY by it’s GPU performance on a CAD app called Shapr3D and a medical app I was using at the time for micro anatomy (Complete Anatomy). I mean, just insane how freaking smooth and capable the iPad now is compared to literally some of the best computers on the market, and still manages to get all day battery. Thanks to this video, I now understand how they manage to get such revolutionary battery life on these mew computers.
Still I won't forgive them for making tech boring. And to making the tech progress so one-dimensional.
I feel like intel is shitting in its pants more times than one. The way it's losing apple is similar to how AMD is now catching up to them. They came, they conquered and they became to damn comfortable and stopped innovating.
Why is the AMD Ryzen 5000 series not in this comparison ?
Great video. One point, though. You make it sound like a business mistake on the part of Intel, not to supply X86 chips for iPhones. But, of course, that would never have worked. The Intel chips were far too inefficient.
superb episode from you as always Dagogo. ColdFusion is establishing itself as a brand par excellence. Thank you for the time & effort you've put into this obviously well-researched, factual, unbiased and easily-understandable episode.   I'm not in the Mac camp either, however i don't believe in mutual exclusivity, just for the sake of it,  and maybe now is the time for me to welcome an M1 based system into the fold.
Intel needs to fall.
Back to the roots. In the beginning (my beginning) a MAC had a unique architecture to support the Adobe products lightyears ahead of PCs with MS running. I had never that much problems with apple products compared to MS. The product quality is better too. MS run devices had an average lifespan of 3-4 years, Apple I use 5-7 years. The materials are much nicer and more longer lasting too. My granny still uses my 3s as an emergency mobile until today.
Wonderful explanation. Need more: one about Catalyst and SwiftUI, one about iPad and SideCar, one about Apple Raw, and one about what the competition can do now except leaving.
I think it's a bad video. Internally, x86 is RISC-like after the decode stage ever since the days of Pentium Pro.
Happy Thanksgiving
samsung s line phones are capable of desktop use
Wait until things are a bit more settled to do an investigation ! I haven’t watched the video because it’s too early to do this kind of thing ! It’s like 1 day after the iPhone release, saying it changed the industry ! You don’t know yet ! You might be convinced, but that doesn’t make it true yet.
You wanna know why people get upset ? You made this video by doing a lot of research so do some more to figure out why people get upset lets just leave it at that
smartphones considered as low end?hihi
lol, "the verge" doesn't know the difference between zipties and tweezers
Could apple put this M1 chip in an iPhone?
I am not trying to be negative by saying this, but why would you hand your digital freedom over to a tech company like apple? Or google and Microsoft for that matter? The performance issues, which I have many a concern with, aside. This SOC was designed to keep control of the system you only leased from them. I learned computers on Apple computers. I used to love them. I could never own now. I wish the rest of the world would wake up to the idea of 'keeping our privacy'.
apple uses prisoners to force work for them,  ill never buy apple phone or computer again.
They didn't include the power brick on iphone 12 so you can buy it separately more $$$$$ for Apple. Where will you plug the cable that came with it? Exactly you have to buy one. It's the opposite BS reason they claim why it's not included. More carbon emissions for manufacturing those separate packaging.
If Intel or AMD, or for that matter any other manufacture wants to compete with Apple, just develop for the RISC-5 architecture. I think that's the only competitive edge available to keep up with the heavyweights of the commercial world.   The little guy can outdo the biggest of the big using that technology, and its instruction set is open-source, with backing, both financially and intellectually, by practically every chip manufacturer and tech firm in the world.
Better to come straight to the point instead of showing history and geography
Not investing on R&D is investing on self-destruction
Hate Apple or not one thing is for sure. Apple's way of doing things is in the end the correct way and the rest following. The outcome shows this and that's why i like to trust my money on Apple!
They got a bunch of low self esteem people to buy overpriced products. Its pretty simple.
Apple is always catching so fast😱 for example with the chip sets and more😱
Wow! This is big
Arm is being bought by nvidia tho
Yes, smart, modern ARM architecture. But the major secret sauce is "DRAM on CPU". That means you can run it at crazy high speed. That alone will push the performance, esp for video processing. So.... Is it the ARM or is it the DRAM?....
you have money you can do anything ...
There is no denial that Apple disrupted the market with better technology that ultimately benefited the society as a whole. That shouldn't be a point of discussion, it's just a fact. The reason why so many people still rejecting Apple is because of its sort of cocky stance above everything and the corporate culture where even if they were better and more innovative than anyone, their pride made them a bit arrogant and conptemptus about everyone else. This built a culture that narcissistic people adopted pretty well, and it turned apple into yet another simbol to distinguish themselves and autoportray themselves as better than any other person. This sort of values and behaviour don't sit well among society in general, so is natural that there still the vast majority still hates Apple and their users. Its just association.
What surprises me is that nVidia is trying to buy ARM instead of Apple. Why did Apple not buy ARM?
What the. This made me want to switch to macbook
Your video is informative
4 years ago cold fusion- apple has lost its magic cold fusion now- apple just changed the industry like Steve jobs era
Holy cow
I already ordered my 13" M1 mac!!
I nearly switched off as the commentator sounded like a robot with his monotone voice, but ultimately that was interesting to watch.
Will the IPhone 13 have the M1 chip?
I think it's safe for Apple to include stickers in their MacBooks with "Intel not inside"
Apple hasn't really changed the industry...  It's just a branch of the existing industry. This is a new release and I believe Intel already has a competitive product lined up.  I mean, Intel already had Windows running on ARM processors long before Apple had the idea to use ARM in their computers..  Don't underestimate Intel.  They took on the Ryzen and they'll take on the M1.  Apple's main reason for switching to the M1 is to have total control over the processors.  Intel screwed them more than a few times by not delivering the processors they promised.
"...involve no new technologies; rather they consist of components built around proven technologies that are put together in novel architectures, offering the consumer a set of attributes never before available."
TSM is how. TSM can make 5 nano meter chips - they are the only ones.
If you have enough time to look into it,  you'll know then that the brilliant thing about it is  Steve Jobs way to trade the components for Apple products and create a almost tax free process by including all the expenses that are required for having a complete ensamble in every product,  just like an music director, marvelous music to any consumers eyes,  ear and touch.
Apple 🍎 sucks   We own
What's the second song in this video?
And now all my ads are apple M1 products. Wtf.
To be fair though, it's not gonna drag a windows user like me into the Mac ecosystem. Some thing never change; having ONLY two USB-C ports isn't enough, and if I'm a gamer, I'd probably build my own PC or get a gaming laptop anyways. M1 sure is powerful, but core i9 still beats it if im not wrong.
Many people believe the PowerPC to have been inferior to the Intel x86 and that is why Apple switched.  The switch was because Apple's primary supplier of PowerPC chips was Motorola and Motorola was failing to deliver on low power versions of the PowerPC just as the Mac laptops were becoming a major part of Apple's revenue.  Motorola was floundering in other ways and eventually completely spun off it's semiconductor business to focus on mobile phones leaving  Apple with IBM as the only source of PowerPCs and IBM was focused entirely on making big mainframe super computers using the PowerPC as their backbone and having no desire to get into a commodity processor market.  Apple simply had no source for low power devices and IBM's PowerPC devices were power hogs even for desktops . Though Apple was part of the consortium which developed the PowerPC, they were not a semiconductor manufacturer and thus could not make their own devices.  This left Apple between a rock and a hard place.  The Intel x86 was inferior to almost every CPU architecture that had been developed in over a decade, but because of the success of IBM compatible PCs, Intel had the financial resources to plow into basic semiconductor technology which allowed their processors to run faster than anyone else's such that even though Intel X86 processors took more cycles to do the same functions as these other newer architectures, they were, through brute force ,able to run their processor at higher clock speeds than other companies and thus appear to be better than their architecture alone would allow. Apple also knew that even if they found a better processor and somehow convinced the manufacturer to produce devices at a price point, power level and production numbers to meet their needs, it would be very difficult for Apple to convince software developers to support them especially given that they had just struggle to keep developers on board in the switch from the 68000 series CPUs to the PowerPC.  Apple changing to Intel was never because Intel was the best processor architecture, it was because it  provided Apple it's only chance to survive.  Apple at the time simply did not have the market clout to move the industry to a new processor technology.  There are many reasons why Apple can make a move away from Intel today that was not possible when they first made the switch to Intel.  Today few developers are concerned with the underlying CPU architecture.  Modern OS's, Compilers, and development tools make supporting different CPUs far easier than in the past with almost no performance hit.  The fact that Apple can license ARM, do their own processor development and do this without having to have their own semiconductor fab is something that should make Intel do some soul searching on keeping the bloated x86 architecture as their flagship.  Backwards compatibility is no longer the issue it was in the past. If Apple succeeds with the M1, there is no reason other PC makers may follow in Apple's path. Performance in both execution and power consumption now drives hardware choices.  ARM is not the fastest RISC architecture, but is designed very elegantly and is easy to implement in whatever technology you happen to have access to.  It is also easy to license and has large independent support for both software and hardware.
we might see end of Intel if they don't move with time as we have see amd, Apple or even Samsung could be in top instead
This is what happens when Gates decides depopulating the world through vaccines is a better use of time
I can see the scams now: "How to download and install ARM chips for PC FREE Download"
I'd been sort of dreading the M1 for the last few months because my current Macbook is 10 years old, and on its way out. I was hoping to get one of the last Intel Macs so I could still dual boot Windows, now I'm soooo glad I waited.
Looks like it really worth the risc
Apple does it again
Guys this man has come a longway , i started watching him while he had just 800k subs
RISC hai to ishq hai !
Intel is FUCkED!!!!
*Meanwhile in Intel - so guys we need to work harder not to rename pre-existing processor with minor upgrade*
MISC goes one step further .. Everyone knows who Charles Moore is .. Many do not know of his efforts with MISC and the implementation of Forth .. Forth was a language that at its core made use of ~23 MISC commands .. The first "Interpretive Processor was a MISC / Forth Engine" .. The code would run one or two passes to create "Machine Language Commands" .. 4 to 6 MISC Instructions could run PER CLOCK CYCLE .. This processor is still the fastest processing unit in existence because of MISC .. I 2004 a Govt Project created the 1024 core Swarm Processor .. To date no other processor could run the speed of this processor using very compact code of 30k-100k .. The power of processing was 2.5 orders of magnitude faster than the fastest X86 and while RISC still limps along MISC still runs circles around them both ..
even if apple has a great processor what good with that do. Graphics on apple desktops or laptops make little difference as most game won't work on apple systems.
RIP X86
Apple did it again , after the iPhone inovation in 2007 now they made the M1 chip , congrats.
While the story is true, it doesn't explain QualComm's SnapDragon.  IMO, i think that story is more interested than 1000 articles of aapl vs intc.
Smoke and mirrors.. how much they pay u guys...lmao
They didn't
Not as many people are under apple's spell today as there were 5 years ago, I'm proud to say. 🧐
what about classical debate, intel vs AMD and NVIDIA vs AMD? i want  episodes on them.
I’ve been a apple user since the iPhone 5, I really don’t want to see apple with a dominant technology, just look at the iPhone 12 cost more and you get less can’t even get a charger it’s like buying a new car without tires!!!
Classic example of monopoly failure of intel
off the back of slaves
Can you do a video ”Rise and fall of Flash player”
Intel is likely to go the way of IBM in that they will likely abandon manufacturing as IBM mostly has -- but, there position is on the down escalator and ARM is on the up one.  It's likely that other chip makers will follow Apple's lead and drive the nail in Intel's coffin.  AMD has surpassed Intel in the area Intel dominated from the beginning, but AMD is also at risk by RISC and unless they transition more successfully than Intel there time at the top will be short lived.
Intel and AMD playing with cores and threads every year. Apple really destroyed their marketing tactics. I think Intel and AMD do have their best CPUs in their pocket but they want us to pay in every 1 or 2years,so they are increasing CPU performance slowly. But what now? 🤓 waiting for their response.
Alright, let's not brush off hardware acceleration so easily. As you probably already know since you're working with video a lot, there's a ton of details there: - codec could be on silicon on the iPhone, while on PC it's just on software. Try some non-hardware-implemented codecs in the iPhone and you'll see it struggle (if you even have the choice to do so). - PCs DO implement some codecs in hardware (they have been doing it for a long time), just not all of them. There is research on implementing codecs in GPUs, but a raw silicon implementation is always faster. - Quality settings can have a big impact on encoding speed. Smartphone apps will tipically hide this from you and pick a fast setting that does not yield high quality results. In desktop software you get all the knobs to fine tune and default quality is very different to fast quality.
First 54 secs of the video is incorrect. Prices have not increased and iPhones can be repaired.
yeah changed, by making  unrepairable devices, and pushing something like rental services for devices. You don't own apple  production, you renting it.
in one fell swoop Apple has officially become both a brand and a platform. No more dependence on Intel means lower costs to the consumer. I impressed by what they have put into these things.
As soon as the M2 (or whatever they call the next M processor) I'm getting a Macbook Pro, to run *Windows* 😊
Great now they will see this video, get all headstrong, and raise the price even more.
Wrong. Microsoft did.
I STILL WOULD NOT BUY THIS!!
The thing is, why would Apple make its iPhones as powerful as laptops, which can last five to ten years or more, and thus ruin the consumer electronics industry? The best strategy for Apple is to restrict processor development so that people need to change phones every two years.
Who say ARM CPU was only for mobile devices? ARM CPU are already used in server and datacenter for quite a while! The number one in top 500 super computer is ARM based. Even Microsoft at least since 2018 is trying to push a Windows 10 ARM version for the PC industry, but due to the lack of ARM optimised windows applications or equivalent of Rosetta 2 inside of windows 10, the adoption of Windows 10 ARM is pretty marginal. So the M1 is not the unveiling of a ARM processor with desktop power, because long time already ARM CPU have surpassed desktop, just wasn’t yet the case for the general public to have them on desktop devices!
Not fooling me. Apple computers are expensive in comparison. It depends but you can get an equivalent PC for half if you look arround. But you cant get OSX so if you need that you will have to pay premium.
SSDD. Apple has done this before. I had a G3 graphics workstation, thousands in hardware and even more in software. Then they abandoned their RISC chip and software. It was rendered worthless. Wait, was this the only time they abandoned their base?
Now imagine what happens in 2021 when the second-generation "Apple Silicon" chip has 12 CPU cores (8 high-performance, 4 high-efficiency), 16 GPU cores, all linked to 32 or 64 GB of RAM next to the SoC. We're talking something that could seriously disrupt both nVidia and AMD in terms of even high-end graphics. Wow. 😲
I know it's more complicated than this, but Intel is running x86 architecture since the 80's, although now 64 bit. They've bene throwing more cores and more power at the same tech. Then Arm just comes out with a whole new way of doing things. It almost feels like watching Sears fall to Amazon all over again.
Still wouldn't buy them. Remember, apple is not years in front of others. In just a few month or even week, other will do similar, or even better, things. AND those will actually be repairable.
I seen YouTube of Apple new M1 chip for a while now! I agree your first statement, I been ignoring M1 YouTubes, I am afraid I getting apple YouTube in my feed now! I am getting Trump supporters YouTube in my feed and I don't know how to block them! OK done looking: I an glad ARM finally getting the throne, I still remember when Acorn Archimedes launched (Acorn never come to Sweden)!
18:04 Intel doesn't want to talk about benchmarks anymore  Correction,, Intel only want to talk about internal benchmarks
Of course it would be Apple. Fucking evil megacorporation.
Impressive results. Hope it spurs innovation elsewhere.
Are you not entertained? Is this not why you are here? ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!?
for the last 8 years android users have been multi tasking , editing videos on their phone.. finally these features are coming to AIR.  APPLE leads the way
RIP Intel
the real question is will it run minecraft with super shaders max smooth  yet?   then i'll make the jump.
and M2 is around the corner. ain’t see anything yet.
I might be wrong but given the progress from times when I graduated with lithography resolution of 2 um (microns, micrometers) till that of UV light now,  say, 5-7 nanometers you will conclude relatively easily the element density in chips will be such that any processor in "small form factor" suitable for smart phone will be comparable to the so called laptop chip (useful comparison exercise  is desktop-laptop IC comparative analysis)....Not sure if this could be called a ground breaking "prediction"... Philosophically speaking human mind is restricted only by the laws governing nature (known and very many - unknown) so if Si is reaching the physical limits WBG (wide band gap) materials are being investigated etc etc...One day Apple might not even exist but there will be fantastic technology (provided humanity is wise enough to use it carefully)....  "The saddest aspect of life now is that technology gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom." Isaac Asimov.
There is a lot of information flying around youtube and the internet regarding RISC vs CISC architecture and design benefits which is just wrong. I realize the audience here is not technical, but even the simplified version delivered in this video is just not correct. Unfortunately, the author of this video has managed to have picked up on this false information and propagated the error. There used to be a time when technical content was researched from near original sources and then vetted by peers and then passed on to the masses. I find so much value in youtube and the community and the ability to share information easily. In this case, the topic requires a content provider to be somewhat knowledgeable of chip design or at least to take the time to do his research. This is not just a rant against this video but content generators as a whole just trying to cash in on the latest thing while providing the least amount of effort.
ARM and Ethernet and TCP/IP are insanely scale able.
I am so glad Microsoft never made the deal with iPhone cuz then you would have Xbox on iPhone instead Samsung Galaxy Xbox 🙄
AMD had to engineer better for heat with it's bigger nm.  All it lacked was chip fab.  I've predicted it slaughtering intel eventually.
I just wish these breakthroughs were being made by a less greedy/shady company. I never buy apple and won't, untill they change their business practices. Their products are highly overpriced, they try to control the product for its entire life, including creating their own screws to make it harder for you to fix, adding a program which allowed the iphone to detect a generic start button so it wouldnt work unless it was an authentic apple button, etc. As consumers the only way to alter the way a company acts is by "voting" with our hard earned money. I choose not to buy products from companies that are "overly" greedy. Im a capitalist  so i understand mark ups, but theres a difference, between reasonable and unreasonable.
AMD has been saying for years that they wanted ARM and x86 cores on the same chip.  If they do it they can run anything
Dagogo: This kind of machines can be less expensive. Apple:
Hey, I'm still happy with my 14NM+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 10900k! But for real - BYE INTEL! To many mistakes, To little innovation and high prices.
You can run ARM Linux on anything and make it look like windows.  Emulating intel x86 instructions is a pig though.
Awesome video
With this new chipd now Apple tracks everything you do even easier....privacy can not be bought with iPads (if you know what I mean)
In the intro when talking intel a Commodore PET is shown. But it used a RISC chip too, the 6502.
Intel wasted so much power they alone may have destroyed the planet
Why do u use an Android?
Nice narrative voice 👍
They haven't changed my mind in regards to buying their products, so they have changed nothing. Boycott means boycott, and I have limitless willpower.
Problem is that apple cpu will be stuck on apple computers which is a dead end of technology.
This video and most comments greatly oversimplify where the performance comes from.  The RISC/CISC battle from the 90s.  Back then, the X86 did most of the important instructions in 1 to 3 clock cycles -RISC often took 5-20 cycles to do the same operation, but it was easy to make RISC chips run at nearly twice the clock speed.  The deciding factors for why X86 won the desktop were the ease of programming the CISC instructions and the cost of the larger amount of higher speed memory to get the equivalent performance out of RISC.  It helped that Intel chip manufacturing was best in the world and Microsoft dwarfed all other software providers (neither were shy about monopolistic behavior). Smartphones put a premium on performance/power and fueled development with hundreds of billions a year in revenue.  ARM has certainly been improving but the improvement in software and programming tools is a completely new game   To get an appreciation, take a look at Windows on ARM -if you only looked at Windows on ARM you would conclude that Intel only needs to worry about AMD, not ARM, and for the most part, the performance challenge was due to AMD using better manufacturing from TSMC. The M1 success is beyond ARM.  It includes a unified memory system and has the software to exploit it.  It is no surprise that Apple made the jump to their own chip.  It is astonishing that they made the jump with as much performance and as much backward compatibility as they did.  This reveals Apple to be a far greater software power than anyone imagined.
I bet Apple is already looking beyond ARM.
Next thing you know, Nvidia comes out with a similar design for a GPU and then sky-rocket the GPU performance and efficiency.
I love apple and my iPad mini 5!
It's just intel got old and they making huge stupidity inside intel like heard how employees are divided in classes (teams) and firing or replacing skilled people with less skilful. Intel is crashing. I like real competition and i give this to Apple. Great move.
I love Apple. No matter how shit people say about them, they have an incredible story of bold innovation. Everyone who's familiar with Steve Jobs's biography can see that their choice for a close system provided them an outstanding advantage over competitors, and at the same time, protected the copyright of artists. What other brands are doing, facilitating file sharing at this rate, are simply criminal.
Apple just joined AMD Ryzen CPU manufacturer TSMC and made the M1 I guess they like the way Lisa Su pitched the tech behind her chips.
You should make a video about AMD.
Next : Why your Mac Apps say "this CPU is not supported anymore, please buy a new MAC"
For once I'm able to connect these ideas with what i learned in Microprocessors lectures.
the tech progress is incredible, but the business practices of Apple make me worried.
They keep comparing apple to intel, but intel is not the leader of the market, AMD is. They should be comparing everything to AMD, but they won't, because AMD is king now. next year may be different, but today AMD rules, and I don't see gamers changing to apple any time soon, and they are the most demanding of users. At the end that is the beauty of competition, I wish they were another strong ARM CPU computer builder, that would be beautiful for all of us.
I lift my hat for your professional. You provide a content which is very interesting and the way how you present it is very academic and professional. There should be more content like yours nowadays. Thank you Mr Altraide
You are the only one to whoom I Like a video without even starting it,until now I never regreted minutes I spend watching Your videos. Your Channel in other words is a Gold Mine for Free. Brravo.
Imagine the amount of global power consumption saved if millions of computers switched from x86 to ARM. It can only be a good thing to help slow down global warming.
Comparing any OS with windows, especially in the speed category, is like comparing the intelligence of a neurosurgeon and a kindergarten student.
How ARM is doing not apple
Using an Raspberry Pi 3, and now a 4,  in an Raspberry Pi Laptop shell.  And been using an Amiga until 2004 and were quite happy with it.
Great choice of topic and a great choice of music (Emancipator :D)
Apple stocks yield very good profits so tell my why they won't be at the top of their game, when I invested in their stock I made more than double of what I invested
25:08 yessssss
"disruptive innovations"  are only disruptive to those who hold back progress out of greed and ignorance
I wonder if they can design a desktop ARM Chip that run at higher wattage and way higher clock speed for their desktop computers
I've been using ARM for years as desktop. What the hell are you talking about. Nothing new, just not many know about it. I don't have/want a smart phone. Nobody ever got smarter with it.  I review ARM devices and been saying for years it's so much better than x86. Somebody listened.
There's a bit of incorrect here the galaxy s4 came out months after the iPhone 5 the arms 64bit cpu designs didn't appear till late 2015 in a HTC flagship
23:42 Wowww...
Did anyone else notice among us in the mkbhd clip?
5:00 Nooice!
Yeah. 10% fact, 90% Marketing.
Did they? They also managed to overprice and spy on everyone and their pets while pissing of the world simultaniously...
I can't wait to only be able to download Apple approved wallpapers for my Macbook!!
Totally Great I Clapped for apple today 🤣🤣🤣
No one is going to care if apple remains so locked down as it is! When you have this but with linux level free roaming, then get back to me! Maybe people other than entry level consumers will care.
Who is a likely rival to the M1 processor? Qualcomm?
bad comparisons and framing in this video. do better
can I still use cracked music software DAW's and plugins?
Already AMD had beaten Intel to pulp now Apple had taken Intel directly to cemetery. 😂😂😂
I understand hindsight is 20/20, but if you are super smart computer guy who designs cpu's how could you not see this coming? I feel like intel wasted 35 years of our lives to make money
ColdFusion is my favorite black guy.
Everyone hates apple? lol I would use no other phone then a iPhone but it is way over priced! Phones should be $200 max
Awsome I love the beginning part
really interesting! very surprised they haven't released their own dedicated VR headset built around the M1 chip - would it be just destroy the Quest 2 or be competitive
I feel a bit sorry for AMD , fighting Intel for a decade to the summit of X86 , they are on top for all of 5 mins, when Apple comes out with this. Intel / AMD / Nvidia, this is how the dinosaurs felt when the asteroid hit !
It's mostly a matter of cooling. They is what limits the performance of chips in phones. Second factor is power usage. Both of those are a much smaller concern in a laptop and almost none existent in a desktop, as you are able to use more radiators, and even active cooling with fans or water cooling.  You are doing good videos, but don't talk too much about technology, because you don't know much are a simply selling the company PR.
Oh yeah, I'm eager to lay my hands on a Raspberry Pi 400 computer for my everyday basic computer needs! And I'll celebrate the day they release a Raspberry Pi laptop. And for my regular computing, I was given the chance to choose for a modest €500 laptop and as soon as I saw an AMD Ryzen 5 from the brand I'm used to work with and I know is Linux friendly I just took it from the shop no 2nd thoughts given. My old computer is an Intel i3 laptop nick named _Stone_ . I still love it and it suits my basic needs very well, but I retired it, leaving it ready for any need. I've opened it all up and took the motherboard out, dusted the whole thing, replaced the BIOS battery and changed the thermal paste on the CPU. The landscape has definitely changed and RISC is here to stay. So long Intel and thanks for all the fish!
Holy sh*t, great video. I had no clue before this of the game changing nature of the M1 chip
How do they do it? They can spend (invest) billions of billions of dollars for R&D!! With that much money they can  hire A+++ people, it's not rocket science to figure that out. AMD and NVIDIA buying ARM companies too.
Apple made a great chip. Unfortunately, their nature to shun open-source and not conforming to industry standards is going to make Apple and software built for it buggier and more vulnerable to hacks. Devs already have a hard time as it is to develop Apple compatible products. Hell, even Google is having issues building Chrome for M1. I know if I was a hacker and wanted to rake in cash with low risk, I would target users who can afford the new M1s.
*Covid-19* : Making Programmers Since 2020 😷
Love the track at 00:37. just checked out soundcloud..... Pure bliss bro
I think what Apple has done is amazing BUT it’s not as cut and dry as it seems. My worry is competition, Apple will never license what the did and are going to monopolise there position until everyone else is ground to dust.
Now all we need is more manufacturers making them and make windows run on them.
Where's AdoredTV when we needed him the most? smh
wait for truly independent tests before making a judgment this is only apple marketing so far.
so very much interesting. thanks a lot!
Great story telling mate!
It’s over I’m selling my old PC on eBay now and grabbing money to buy a new Mac with M1. Game is over for intel.
Why does everyone compare Apple chips to Intels but not to AMD chips, because i think the mobile chips of AMD are absolutely great.
Anybody who follows desktop hardware knows that Intel is getting absolutely crushed there by AMD as well. Intel desperately needs to get it's act together.
I gotta give it to apple, they finally did managed to do a revolutionary change in the era of post-Steven Jobs, but their closed system nature is the only thing that rly needs to change but other companies will pick up on that anyway and where windows arm failed now it will succeed just because apple showed them how it's done correctly
Apple landed on the moon while Intel can barely send up Sputnik.
Imagine a world where the Chromebook book is actually good, oh wait that's what the  new MacBook is
Miss those good old days 1:24
Hopefully Nvidia don't blunder this.
The key I think is ultimately the manufacturing process improvement. RISC was superior architecture, but there was not a sufficiently big enough market to sustain the continuous process improvement necessary to compete with the WinTel juggernaut that has the annual PC sales to pay for R&D.  But the smartphone market changed that economics completely.  Intel was so dumb to miss the cue on the iPhone, that it doesn’t realize it will eventually threaten its PC and server business, too.
Yes the architecture trend is moving & ARM is the current trend.  In  the desktop use case at M1, the key action here is the approach of Rosseta 2. When Microsoft give ARM a shot, they build it on emulation approach, while Apple use translation approach with Rosseta 2.  This kind a mindset is a clear historical path of "thinking structure" difference between Microsoft & Apple.  Seems like Microsoft still try  to keep CISC mindset while try to understand RISC as the main driver for their business logic going forward.    What I see here, major business logic for desktop has been established based on CISC logic, move to RISC wil change all the business logic & revenue structure for company like Microsoft.  Company with CISC logic like Microsoft, Intel generate their revenue thru the complexity of the architecture that create dependency, licensing, etc. While the RISC logic is on the opposite side because they can not generate complexity that can be converted to money, that's why Apple is relly on the ecosystem control to make money.   As now Apple has pull the trigger so I think we now moving to the era of RISC, Mobile & Eco Friendly approach tech. All simple & maybe formed at Single on Chip
My story is that this year I ditched my 2015 MacBook Air i7 8GB, because it was soooo slow, among other problems, and got myself an iPad Pro 2020 and a magic keyboard. I have had a lot of laptop computers in my life, including two Macs, but the iPad Pro is easily the best in performance and does everything I need to do. I have never had so few problems with a computer... actually no problems, or such great performance. No fans, no heat, no WiFi issues, just enjoyment and productivity. I know my next Mac will be pure Apple silicon...
Apple’s Newton used ARM and StrongARM.
Wow..what a way to ditch a brand..amazing and cautious intro BTW 😆
8:30 so it was running off of the current supplied by the ammeter?
I don’t hat Apple. Yes, Apple products are expensive but they last much longer, get updates much longer. Much easier to use operation system that doesn’t get slower within a year. Try to connect a printer. In windows it can be a challenge. In OSX, just connect the printer and it works within two minutes.
Eh, I wouldn't say Apple has changed the entire industry. They just did something that the PC market hasn't been able to accomplish. It's not that Apple Silicon is revolutionary. They are technically not any more or less powerful than comparable products from Intel or AMD. What they have been able to do is master the interoperability of their systems as a whole. It's something they have been doing for years with iPhone. It's why on paper the iPhone tends to be less impressive in terms of hardware than Android flagship phones but in real-world tests tend to come out equal or on top. When you control every piece of a computer's (or smart phone's) hardware down to the single transistor level, you can greatly improve it's efficiency and interoperability. The rest of the PC market runs on universal standards that do not allow for system wide efficiency on the level of what Apple has been able to achieve with Apple Silicon. Those standards aren't going to change because Apple started building processors for laptops and desktops. Apple might get a boost in market share, and maybe a fairly decent one if developers are able to fully take advantage of Apple's architecture. Time will tell if that comes to fruition but most signs point to developers having no major issues working with Apple Silicon. As for the rest of the industry, nothing will change. Not for better or for worse.
You don't game on a Mac. PC wins again
Why does every android user have to clarify that they’re not an apple fan lol
Complex risc?
The Apple chip is insane!!!!!
Mate u r bought and paid for by Steve jobs
Great content and great research but you should have also talked about the power efficiency a little bit more. It’s insane !! 18hour video playback ??! Are u kidding me ?
AMD is king today. Only drawback is they use lots of energy.
Ok, firstly for the most part these new Macbooks aren't built for gaming. Everyone else beside Animators, videographers and Illustrators can barely be seen to benefit from these jumps in performance beside on battery life and power saving. Indeed, SSD speeds intrigue me just as much as how many chrome tabs I can have open at once. Of course I actually do look forward to using much less power and not having to upgrade for years, if not decades (actually feasible so long as you replace the battery every few years). Also, we should be wary of where Apple is going to exploit our giddiness, which I'm convinced they will do. Battery life and power usage may become their selling point, to which no other chip manufacturer can compete with (including AMD).
I'm no Apple fan, but I like where this is going. Hopefully these improvement has a spillover effect on other ARM chips. I've been playing around with the Raspberry Pi for years now and those things function as some of the simple low-power servers around my home.
And here I am, having just bought a new intel core i7 pc laptop...
So what happens with next-generation Qualcomm Snapdragon and Samsung Exynos ARM chips? I wonder how the M1 is different from Qualcomm's SQ 2 and what is Microsoft holding back to make Windows programs compatible with ARM
The excitement for me with the Apple Silicon chips isn't them just being used in Apple's products, but rather how it might push other manufacturers to make similar chips and other operating systems like Windows to start building some serious ARM support. We can do a hell of a lot better than the Surface Pro X.
I read a dozen reviews on the Apple M1 chip.  The verdict is unanimous: it rocks, kicking Intel chips' ass.   The M1 chip should become a new growth engine for the sales of Macbooks and iMac, eating Intel and PC makers' lunch.
So, this is the end of the road for intel and AMD..  soo sad..   Happy to usher in the new era 😀
intel is the new ibm
Intel is far from dead. They have many aces up their sleave. If anything its arm thats up against the ropes. There's a reason they allowed it to be bought up by nvidea. Intel and amd already use riscV APUs in their architecture. It only gets more intresting from here on
if steve jobs was still alive he now might worth 200-300 billion dollars.
And it was that moment when intel knew, they fkd up.
Actually, as is the norm they simply moved ahead a notch - for now. I use a 3  year old Dell and apart from the battery life which is unimportant to me, it doesnt make me want to "upgrade"
Microsoft did it 2 years ago with the New Surface Pro X, ARM just burns less power, we knew this since decades ago, nothing new.
You are so unbiased, neutral and simply an excellent journalist.
2:39 chrome is a bigger app? wtf
Apple can do Miracles!
RISC hai toh ISHQ hai
i smiled when i saw the graph in the book.. apple has been really "on point" in thinking about the future needs and achieving them..   though i really think a 1500 dollar laptop is quite expensive  if intel loses its crown, and their processors are available on a lower cost, i won't mind if they take more power  similar to why i buy AMD instead of Intel and Mediatek instead of Snapdragon.. if i get 90% of the performance at half the cost, then its good to me
Comparing a 5nm Apple chip to a 14nm Intel chip? that's just doing injustice to x86. especially considering that Ryzen processors by AMD are on 7nm x86, and beat Apple practically every time. Your'e just comparing Intel to Apple to make your case. Don't get me wrong - These chips from apple are definitely a revolution, especially considering the (relatively) open nature of ARM (Right now, at least, before they merge with Nvidia) as compared with the closed off x86 - However - they aren't as big a revolution as you make them out to be.
Well haters gonna hate they say.
When the original ARM2 came out in 1983, it was ridiculously fast compared to x86. 8Mhz ARM2 was about 4-5 MIPS, about the same as 16Mhz 386 which didn't come out until 1985. So the ARM architecture probably always had that performance potential, but for obvious reasons, it was used manly in application where low-power was paramount. (Yes, I had Acorn Archmiedes, get off my lawn)
I hope this creates competition... I don't want to buy apple store stuff anymore
Intel going to turn into another Nokia
i tell you that this is bullshit it wont be this good when it comes out
What is the last song with vocals you have in the background?
Linus fucked up
This Video is awesome!
Nvidia and AMD's GPU are much faster than Apple's M1 GPU.
Can anyone please guide me whats the name of audio editing or method Where it says (,you are watching cold fusion TV)
Rarely in my life I’ve seen a video so imprecise and often wrong. Goes head to head with verge pc build.
if Apple drops their prices so that people with 3 jobs trying to pay rent can afford one... i'll consider.
Amazing video as always, thank you :)
You mean 10900k is slower than A14 bionic? Guys, think about this question, hilarious? Or what?
Funny thing is that Intel missed jumping on the mobile train with Apple TWICE.  After they blew it with the iPhone, Apple went back to them for an iPad chip but Atom just couldn’t cut it and Apple went ahead with their first-ever custom A-series chip, the Apple A4.
Still not as good as Ryzen tho, but Apple is starting to get there :)
You can't play on apple.... So still a no...
RYZEN 5 whoped intel hard!
when intel agrees to relaxes on the Atom, Then Arm will have a issue and all the generics too
I wish this guy would learn how to use a de-esser
lol...the power of editing out the bad points is strong here.
I am not that interested in battery. I am a desktop user, and I want to see these things running at a hundred watts.
R.I.P. Intel for the next 10 years or so, not gonna miss to be honest
Hey Intel wanna make game consoles? Intel: Nah that's for kids. They got no money Err ok so wanna make phones? Intel: Nah that's just dumb Oookay.. how about more cores? Intel: only if you got money.
How?
Lets not forget that the efficiency of the program coding of the software also determines performance speed and the heat factor as well.
“As we set about designing the ARM, we didn’t really expect.. to pull it off.”   🤣 what a legend.
You can bet Intel right now is putting those M1s under a microscope.
I dont dislike apple. It's the toxic part of the fanbase.
M1 is just the beginning. M2, M3, etc. 😂
Intel's stronghold is still Gaming. But Ryzen/M1 is really giving it a hard time at basically everything else.
I agree they pushed the technology, but their motivation is lock the users even more, and impossible to repair.
So what non-Apple ARM processor system can I use for a custom desktop for Windows/Linux? Is there one yet? Because this is cool, but I'm never stepping back into the Apple/Mac ecosystem. All that non-user repairable, 2x the cost, tightly regulated app bullshit isn't worth it.
Like from Russia.
So how long before we see Intel license ARM?
Fab video, really enjoyed it!
hey intel you got mail
This has nothing to do with ARM and everything to do with connecting RAM straight to the chip. Increase RAM bus speed, reduce access cycle latency. The closer the faster. This is much the same design philosophy as AMD is using with their Threadripper chips.
I remember when this channel had 50K Subscribers. 5m views two days congrats brother.
"How Apple changed the industry?" Simply by doing it right instead of doing first. As always when Apple changes the industry.
Incredible
How does M1 compare to GTX 3000 series?
Did you just said apple processor is better than core i9 10gen? Don't mislead people! They will catch up soon but right now, intel is bit ahead.
Yet another video that reminds us how much we have to thank the British and their bleak but successful approaches, ^oo^
21:53 But unless Apple changes it ways, it will be seen as the bad guy for it's anti-right to repair stance. But this video did show me how Apple did innovate hardware... Which was the point. Right to repair wasn't an issue considered (nor should it have been).
My biggest source of skepticism is are they going to feel slow after a couple years like cell phones/smart tv’s or fine like my 2016 MacBook that’s still my daily driver
I agre with you but if dont spit on someone progres, they will not be bether!
But.... can it run Crysis?
Good video. Well presented.
I work as IT support for more than 20 years. I always avoided Apple products for myself, never bought one. But damm, this is what i wanted to see. High performance low watts CPUs. I look forward to be able to create my domestic 24/7 servers without blowing my cash on electrical bills. That comparison between the CPUs... the 10900k @125W with heavy cooling vs a better performance M1 @5W and without fan noise and just a tiny footprint, was mind blowing. This is the very first time in my life I found myself actually considering to own an Apple product. Thank you for your video!  We really need to transition to more powerful CPUs, with less power consumption and cooling requirements. Such, combined with better battery density and more power-efficient/thin/bendable screens in development, is really the way for our personal tech to take leaps into "use cases" that were only a dream before.  I have come to believe over the last 2 years, that Intel has been messing up pretty hard in multiple fronts. Now with this, I am starting to see Intel as a dying company (unless they do some really drastic changes in a short amount of time).
Apple were the first company to use RISC PowerPC processors back in the day, so this is nothing new.
MIPS, SPARK, and PowerPC are going, are we a joke to you? The thing ARM did that no one else did at the time was to license core designs, and the instruction set itself, so 3rd party manufacturers could make their own chips with more or less cache, with faster or slower clocks, and even their own compatible cores from scratch to fit their purpose, which is what made ARM a winner. The Android mobile OS follow pretty much the same model, and that's why there's around 1 bajillion models of Android phones out there.
love ur videos bro
now this is a good explanation of what the m1 chip means and I already can see the possibilities of low power chips in laptops and desktops and this also comes in off the charts performance and expect intel to respond soon only that apple has the first move advantage
Everything Apple has done really starts to make sense with these M1 chips. People complained (me among them) when Apple began moving RAM to be soldered on to the motherboards and not user upgradeable. But now we see that upgrading RAM is going to be a thing of the past. Even these 8gb models are running circles around x86 computers with 128gb. A lot of that is the way Apple's M1 does unified memory. So really the only thing you'd want to upgrade now is your storage. And yes, that has to be done at the time of purchase. But we're about to enter a world where the things we think are "normal" about computers is going to become very not normal. Everyone keeps saying this is a once in a 10 year change, and I couldn't disagree more. This is a once in a 40 year change. This is THE biggest thing to happen to computers since Windows 95.
Too bad that Ryzen wasn't mentioned (except in a quote)
By the  way  Apple has  about   2 months  before  Samsung  releases its  latest  Exynos  series  chipset.   It  will beat  Apple.
666 dislikes **lol insert some funny comment here AAAAAA**
Can you make a video on who invents the architecture for chips, like ARM etc
good presentation, but it surely is not so simple as CISC/RISC, the power management features for mobile low-power battery operation and the open-source Linux compiler support, and 5 nanometer scale are probably more important.  The 5 nanometer scale and 16 billion transistors are truly revolutionary, on-chip speeds are always 10x-100x faster than off-chip. Is the A1 the first 5 nanometer high volume CPU? Many other large players in the CPU space, Nvidia, Texas Instruments and Qualcomm and AMD.  CPUs are so complex now, a good topic would be managing complexity, when I left the industry, programming a TI Arm AM57X CPU for embedded industrial controls, the datasheet was 40,000 pages, compared to starting out assembly programming a 6502 haha.  Another good topic - the fate of the Arm corporation, being bought out by SoftBank then Nvidia, does that spell doom?  Buyouts are usually the death knell for tech companies.  Intel may yet come out on top once the Wall Street buyout vultures are done with Arm corp.
This is a really great content! Also nice voice of the narrator!  just subbed to support this channel
Why didn't we just start with arm
It’s defo a big middle finger for the cpu brands
Sounds like really good progress, to bad Apple is a shitty company.
Apple  M1   chip is  mostly   engineered  by  Samsung   and  will be  built  by TMSC and  Samsung.
RIP overclockers
i tip my hats off to the silicon engineers at apple
ijustine, really?
Imagine how much less power severs would use if it run on M1 instead of Intel. Why use 125W if you can use 10-15W. That’s an order of magnitude difference!
My wish is to put the M1 chip to Thinkpad X1 with the size of 14inch when fold................. And ofcourse make the bezel and body thinner...................
Will there be an arm architecture specialized for gaming in the future?
M1 is not only bad news for Intel but also for Microsoft as Apple might become mainstream. The only problem is I don’t think they want to be mainstream. They will not sell their CPUs to third party.
I don't like apple but I hate Intel more. Bottlenecking, not eager for change and acting as big bully killing off small guys. Hope fate does the same to Qualcomm as well. let the ARM  rise but without being bought by Nvidia  or apple becoming ARM flag bearer.
So it just boil down to when Apple decide to build a windows OS with M1 chip with dedicated GPU
When you started speaking about ARM, i was like, "HEY there are tons of great video from guy that created it on computerfile".   Then you shouwed it. I am glad. Good references are good.
What about AMD threadripper😉
Samsung left the group :D
26 minute video and no ads in the middle of it. I appreciate that 👊🏾
It's not "mobile chip with desktop performance"
The timing of this video is very weird. I just picked up an old RISC assembly language book while trying to backport some drivers to older ARM-based devices.
Does it mean development IDEs for Mac(Xcode, Visual Studio etc) can run on IPhone/IPad as well(now or in near future), given that both of them share the same processor?
Found it disconcerting to see 8bit 6502 computers when you said X86s used to be able to do more.
Yeah ok but still not giving up my 15” 2013 MBP ... until they fix that fucking keyboard
This is a really good video
The quality of this documentary is outstanding. I'm a windows user but this has me thinking in buying a macbook and probably install the arm version of windows.
simply use your own operating software instead of sharing with a other thousands companies
Arm has come long way, looking forward for AMD to come up with ARM based APU . It will be quite interesting
ARM has been the CPU of choice in mobile phones for years.  The verdict is still out as to whether it is the choice for PC and high power computation applications.  ARM in Apple NBs and PCs may be short lived.
Mine samsung s10 can also do that
Console Gaming could use this.
I invested in both stock and Cryptocurrencies but I see Crypto is doing more better and profitable
Well, this video missed out the real reason why these M1 Macs are so fast!. It is NOT just the M1 chip itself, but the OS (Big Sur on Arm binaries optimized for the caches and UMA), its native compilers and mostly Rosetta2 emulator implementation to exploit the big caches. So it is hardware + OS + software!. Something Apples does better than any other companies out there. Tech reasons here: 1) Hardware - The M1 chip design. It has huge caches onboard. It uses DDR4X Ram on the CCN. This with L3 cache front ends speeds up memory access several times a traditional design. ie Ram controller off DMI link (without caching). UMA on the GPU side is brilliant. With such high-speed RAM, you dont need GDDR6. And do not suffer the copy-penalty since the video buffer is common on the Numa memory!. 2) The OS and Rosetta2 emulator. There are clever tricks to optimise the software design the take advantage of the caching capabilities of the M1 chip. In video, since UMA solves the PCie copy penalty, you save lots of critical delays and overall reduces the CCN latencies.   Only Zen3 from AMD can almost match the M1 in multi core. So if Zen3 gets the same tricks (16MB shared L3 cache), UMA and DDR4X Ram on Infinity Fabric, it will exceed M1 by 30% to 50%. You are going to see AMD and Apple leapfrogging each other in the coming years.   But do not count out Nvidia, now that they have acquired ARM. They could well, follow the same formula and match and/or exceed BOTH the above companies using a "SuperARM" type design. The future is very bright with such competition going on.
Great vid!
Steve Jobs saying fuck you to Wintel from the grave!!
Awesome video.  Also love the emancipator music in the background!!
just waiting for iPad Pro + M1 performance
This was an outstanding video. Subscribed to get future content.
Exactly.  The M1 would be groundbreaking no matter who manufactured it.  People too invested in with their own biases can't afford to see that.
This is one of your best videos. I knew one day ARM will take over Intel, it has happened now , however it remains to be seen if however this particular ARM chip will be used for APPLE products only. I hope very soon some other company builds a comparable or ideally even better and faster and power efficient ARM processor that will be sold in open market and laptops and desktops will be assembled using that chip, maybe that is still a few years away.
Okay so Apple computers are faster. But they still suck.
Awesome. Well done
I always wondered why my phone was quicker than my laptop with Intel chip
Great information...tnx
Mainstream SSDs were a greater jump from hard disks than this, and there wasn't a lot of hype, why? Because Apple didn't came up with it?
Did they finalize realize that removing headphone ports and USB type A ports isn't innovation?
They will just do what they did with iPhone. Apple will take control and then limit other companies ability to replicate the architecture, forcing consumers into buying it, then gradually increase the prices and, because today's consumer think "faster is better", and have limited themselves by investing heavily in apps, will keep paying that price. The simplest way to stop companies doing this is to stop buying their products and keep using the older version(s). iPhone 24 for $2,300? No thanks. Got an iPhone 16 here that runs everything I need.  There is also the common misconception that a new version of any software application makes the older versions obsolete. I work in the CG industry and get sick of hearing about "dead" applications.  Autodesk SoftImage was one of them.  They stopped development on it in 2016 and everyone acted as though the software simply stopped working and went off and invested in Max 2017+ Meanwhile, some (clever) people realised that SoftImage was good at the time, and on newer machines it just got faster ... Max kept increasing the size of its application, with little no no actual benefit to the users that formed the majority of their client-base, and performance _decreased_ even though their PC's got faster. If they has simply stayed with SoftImage (or even Max 2012!!!) they would have seen huge performance increases, no increase in storage requirements, greater "support" in the form of user-created plugins (most have to be re-written for each new version of an app) and in-house scripting, etc. A "house" that uses older applications will, 99% of the time, be able to work faster and more smoothly than any using "up to date" applications, and without the almost constant "upgrade" costs..  As an example, I am able to do my work, without problems, using the following applications: SoftImage 2012, Max 2010 (sometimes even Max 2008), Photoshop CS6, etc  No doubt there will be comments such as "You should use Blender, it's free" from people who didn't stop to think that what they are actually saying is "Hey, why not stop using that system that you are completely familiar with and spend the time and effort to learn a new piece of software that literally cost the same amount of money that you are currently spending [zero], and all the while not being able to produce output at anywhere near your current rate, with almost no supporting custom tools, and perhaps only the ability to recreate 80% of what your current system can achieve, and do it all because I think Blender is cool and someone will give me a "like" in YouTube, making my day complete. Also, if you disagree with me then you're a loser." Well, sorry, but if I actually cared what other people think, I would be out there in line to buy some branded trainers, wireless earphones and a hat with the label still stuck to it.
Back then Apple don't command So much loyalty and IBM and Motorola refused to go further Or failed to innovate.  Now is a different story , just when everyone Think that Apple is going to Stagnate , Apple again shocked The industry.
Apple is cradle of innovation
Now I need to wait for software companies such as VMWare to write code compatible with the M1 architecture.
4 years ago cold fusion- apple has lost its magic cold fusion now- apple just changed the industry like Steve jobs era
wow... this is amazing.. The singularity of phones and computers... 😀😀😀
I think, from a marketing perspective, Apple have been really clever to introduce their first Apple silicon Macs with basically no other changes than the new chipset. The design is the same, the RAM is the same, the displays are the same, the battery size likewise. Even the 720p webcam is unchanged. A decision made, I think, so that all the eggs would be in the chip basket. It sort of drives home the message of how disruptive the M1 is without having to compete with other improvements/changes made to the products. From a consumer perspective it is not the awesome thing to do, but as a marketing move it's brilliant.
Lets not be haste. M1 is at most an equal to i5, in many cases is worst. It is better for Macbook s because the OS is lighter but if you were to compare i5 and M1 on Macbooks the I5 is very similar in power but it requires more power and heats up more, even though it provides better expandability. Apple expertly enough though compares M1 on Macs with Intel Chips on Windows  but they know the truth. This is why they only replaced i5 options with M1 on their pricelists. Macbook pros with I7 and I9 are much better and offer much better expandability thats why M1 cannot replace those. At the end of the day Apple created a better alternative to the I5 for their own products , that is also cheaper. It is definately the most important innovation on laptops that we have seen in years but it is only so in the mid-range. M1 is still not compared to any of the high end processors but for the midrange Macbook Airs and Macbook Pros are finally a bargain with drastic price drops of about 200 dollars from the previous I5s. It will be an actual challenge for any skeptic of Apples Price Policy to go for a consumer I5 rather than a macbook air M1.
It wasn't apple it was arm phd engineering on the arm CPU.  The raspberry pi proved years ago that desktop computing was possible on the arm if optimised.  Kiddos kudos to AAPL to making it mainstream. But alot of credit should goto to open source community. Remember getting dismissal when talked about desktop computing on the raspberry pi.
It'll now be amd vs apple, we need these new tech for windows
I chose Intel over Amd ryzen 🙄
If apple succeeds, then I feel sorry for AMD!
Great video as always man
ARM has been at the center of embedded CPU applications for a long time. Raspberry PI, Teensy and the like all use low power consumption ARM processors with easy to use development environments. ARM has a wide development community and will be quickly adopted in laptop and desktops. I forsee a Windows wrapper to make Windows apps run on M1 and it's followups. Kind of like Wine has done for Linux.
I liked the video as always,but being less expensive and apple doesn't come together in the universe, we live are living in.
14:40  Yes it holds up, but with only single-core performance. Thats a good start.
Intel : We don't think it's worth putting our chips in Iphones Apple : So, you have chosen death.
Apple creating history with the best performance laptop ever .  Meanwhile samsung and one plus : trolling apple on Twitter for its notch and not being innovative
Will AMD or INTEL take up RISC-V
17:56 Another key is that Apple outsources its chip manufacturing to TSMC in Taiwan!
That was my 6/14 weeks worth of lessons from Computer Architectures' class, though my teacher was almost as interesting as you are, I still feel that schools are useless! 😅
why mention samsung instead of tsmc ?
well, the future is finally here.
Fwiw, Cold Brew is a broken product and shouldn't be used. It rejects valid emails so you can't even use it and there's no contact option for people not already (somehow) a customer of it.   Don't support trash like this.
The video export test is hilariously stupid, the resolution maybe the same, but the amount of information recorded by a high end camera and the iphone are miles lightyears apart from each other, also the bit-depth, the colour truthness, the raw and exported files (dng, nef, mp4, wmv, avi, ...) and much more are completely different. In short the file he exported on the iMac have a few tons more of information and are therefore also a lot bigger in size, than the file he recorded with his iphone and exported on it. And good to know is, that the iMac back then was famously known for throttling down so heavenly it became slower than a snail and the programm he used was (and still is) awfully slow when it comes to exporting things, its just badly coded.
Great video, the only thing people need to bare in mind is most of the speed apple are gaining is from controlling the whole stack, it would take years for PC to catch up in the area's M1 looks impressive, however with with more general purpose work still think x86 will have the edge. Also apple won't ever get into my IT department. We are way to relient on Windows. As a general user though that battery life.....,😍
Love your content!  I was unable to find the music at 14:45. What's the name, then I can purchase it please?
Very bias. Comparing 350Mb video file size on phone with 70GB 4k. But sure.....   Well, I came for the knowledge but you have provided zero so I gotta leave.
Looks like next year I actually should get a mac
I'm starting to make sense now why NVIDIA bought ARM. I can only imagine ARM-based GPUs that consume so little power. Imagine a laptop that can last for days with high grade graphics 😮
We don't care about lags. We just wanna create clash between Intel and AMD with windows.
🌈💪❤️
used to be intel vs amd ... now its amd vs apple silicone
Can it run Crysis
IM REGREATING MY LAPTOP NOW INTEL I5 9TH GEN
Gaming is coming to mac now.... this is the real sea change
I can see ARM RISK being the be and end all,
Wow... That wasn't excellent and informative video. I didn't realize how far it has come
This video doesn't explain RISC vs CISC and gives the impression the CISC is just bad because it's complex.  RISC instructions are simpler but you need more instructions compared to the CISC chips to do the same work. I don't agree that this is a major game changer, it's just another step, faster, smaller, cheaper.
Your videos have a nostalgic feels to them...
When will Apple make a discrete GPU? 🤔
And can you repair *your* device? You can't.
Apple reinvents, not invents, often copying others, Xerox, Sony, NeXT. My Chromebook gives me 9 hours of battery real world, and only cost me $299. My MBP cost me 4x more but does not give me 4x of productivity beyond my Chromebook, which I now use more than ever. Been thinking of selling my MBP for some time now.
When will corporate customers switch? HP and Dell seem to be standard issue in corporate America. I don’t see those companies investing/leaning into ARM.
After watching this video it makes me wanna own an apple macbook. hahaha.. Already using an ip11 and note10+. Both have their up and downs. my ip11 can last me up to 3 days with light usage and spotify. My note10+ only till evening of the day.. xD This is next level processor. Super surprised about this. :O
Intel got lazy in the last few years and even AMD has surpassed them.
I predicted this 15 years back on twitter. It was only just a matter of time. Intel really screwed up the market.
absolutely loved ur presentation style.....
Apple m1 faster than 10900k yes, when 10900k throttling to oblivion and running at 109°c. Stop giving to the bullshit please, that anandtech chart means nothing, like 70 performance what ? Please don't be those media, 60fps in 4k max settings league is nothing, people literally have 300fps or more on just RX 5700XT
https://youtu.be/kwnPgscg0vU
ARM had complete 64 bit CPU core designs available (Cortex A57 and A53) for licensing in 2012, one year after it launched its 64 bit instruction set.
Apple set the tone here. Expect every cpu in the next decade to include ram and a gpu inside. There will be no need for a external GPU or ram upgrades anymore. Buy the cpu like the M1 and thats it. Not about consumer wants on that tho, more efficient as newer parts can be made more recyclable too. Much more green than a current brand new build.
Here apple macbooks dont need fans and come the razer phones
What impresses me more are MBs touchscreen, pen support, face recognition, microSD slot, 1080p webcams, 2-in-1 designs, upgradability, and.... Oh wait, just realized why MBs have only 8% market share...lol
Clayton Christensen died earlier this year and didn't get a chance to see one of the largest companies completely disrupted - something unthinkable when he wrote the book and set out exactly how it would happen 20+ years ago.
They didn't just change the industry. its not apple its risc which is years old tech. apple marketing will tell you its the best regardless. i hope others outperform apple!
this sounds really exciting
short intel stock? :D
I'm just wondering about what TechLead said regarding this, that just as they do on the iPhone, Apple will be able to shut out software companies from the platform, and to require that all software be bought from the Apple store.
Damn Apple why you giving us hope!?
What if Arm technology was used in electric cars
This really was informative, I have to admit, I never really knew the Acorn part of RISC.  I always knew about CISC vs RISC, but when the PowerPC died on Apple in 2005 I though that it somehow went away, little did I know it's been running everything else (mobile) since then.
Screw apple.  I'm not forgiving them because I bought a $1200 macbook in college and it sucked in every way compared to machines at less than half the price.
I hope Apple can make tablet/phone with the same power as m1 mac, that would really intimidate tech industry...
Wow
Dagogo, why not do an episode about TSMC?
Intel will have massive problems to keep up in the future
Glad to have a new competitor in the industry and made a revolution. But it would really suck if apple ends up dominating the rest, I really don’t want to pay the “Apple tax”.
This channel is lying to you.   they have deceptively showed you burst performance.
I guess this means the end of Hackintosh.
I’m very interested to know about future Apple silicone desktop macs using a higher performance Mx chip. iMac Pro or MacPro with multi-CPU Apple silicon would be my guess
I hate to say this but Apple just started a revolution by innovation. 😂 A lot of things will change now, just like 10 years ago when they showed the iPhone.
RISC = Relegate Interesting Stuff to the Compiler
AMD not intel was founder of the X86 architecture
Something doesnt sound right about this, or something is missing. I cant help feeling all these Youtube tech guys and tech media are running Apple PR. If it is that good, and can run games and process video faster than a PC, the X86 platform should be dead, immediately.  Why are we spending $700 on graphics cards to run games on PC, and buying 700 watt power supplies, cooling components, motherboards, etc when we can buy a mac book and hook it up to a bigger screen and use 95% less power? Doesnt make sense.
I Can see  New Awesome Series  Like The Silicon Valley Comming up with this New Revolution Am Exitedddddd🤩
x86 = VHS. 💩  I bet on M68000 in the 1980s, lost.
Can't afford none of this stuff either way but I've always leaned towards Windows and Andriod I like the opened ended nature of the software,I will say that Chromebooks have been catching my eye lately 🤔
🎉😎👍
Apple: "u want our chips? No, u by our computers!!"
Apple hasn't drastically changed their macbook or phone prices in awhile. Meanwhile, Samsung has phones well over $1300 so keep it factual and less biased.
Love all the enthusiasm toward apple, will be interesting how everyone will react here when apple announce the price of the M1 chip, I'l bet the reception will be much cooler.  I have my reservations, however, as an intel employee, I'd be pissing in my pants.  Still use Windows and android here, but that's not to say that everything they do is good. :(  I just get my heckles up when someone calls someone out for being a windows / android fanboy.
the only thing thy changed is their prices went up
x86 and CISC don't have "fancy instructions". Modern ARM CPUs also have fancy instructions for doing specific tasks (crypto, NEON etc.)
Intel Inside in crying.....!!! Apple beating themselves by Price tag 🏷..!!
I'm always wondering if the latest Snapdragon chip set can run Windows 10?
I can't remember my computer science lessons from like 20 years ago but at the time the case was RISC vs CISC had different strengths in different types of computations? But I can see how a CISC based architecture can get bloated especially if trying to maintain backwards compatibility with older instructions whilst with RISC because there are no specific instruction for a specific type of computation you wouldn't have all the baggage.
Linux are faster than every thing
You are forgetting that ASML also plays a big part in Apple's success. And the fact that ASML is not allowed to ship to China because of US pressure. Maybe you should do a video on ASML. ASML is the highest valued tech company in Europe. and pushes the limits of transistors and moore's law
I love watching ColdFusion contents before I sleep
I’ve removed my intel i7 sticker off my laptop out of shame.
Never thought I'd see the day when the word "Grandma" is synonymous with "INTEL".......
The asus g14 with the ryzen 9 4900HS processor, i get 10-12hrs battery life n its a gaming laptop. Whats the big deal?
That is crazy. As a researcher, I really appreciate the improvement in efficiency.
I had only bought a PC with CORE I7 9th Gen just 6 months ago, now I feel outdated
Prediction: In 3 years from now, the market will recover from this shock, and M1 chip will be more ubiquitous and app and programs will be purposely built or be more compatible, in 5 years, most companies will make Intel and ARM M1 devices side by side, but will steer towards M1 more, in 7 years, Intel will move to ARM architecture for good as a survival tactic or develop their own new chip that will blow either M1 chips off competition or lose so horribly they will declare bankruptcy.  Place your bets guys, the next 10 years will be very rough on Intel regardless
Apple is a trendsetter, ARM will take over the Laptop world like smartphones
great great video... But how did that ARM worked without any power supply?
This is really good. Well done.
Any person that participates in a company that in the same year brags that they have a hundred billion in liquidity has their employees jumping out of buildings to try and kill themselves is absolutely disgusting and vulgar.
HOLD UP! The products are pricy but still reasonable price and hold their value unlike competitor. Those wheels were a marketing stunt to get you talk apple!
Intel is dying inside.
Watching this video on a Galaxy S4 and still had my iPhone 4 s with me ❤️
All that for only using internet and still have problems
I gotta be that nitpicker that points out there's nothing actually wrong with modern x86 CPUs, because modern x86 CPUs *ARE* RISC processors with the ability to decode legacy x86 instructions on the fly to run them in their RISC cores. When they're not being used, those old instructions aren't causing performance or efficiency losses. If Intel had agreed to go it with Apple, or licensed out their ISA the way ARM does, we'd have x86 mobile devices and custom x86 Apple SOCs full of the same custom accelerators. This is what's done with the chips in the Xbox and Playstation SOCs and why they can squeeze a lot out of them, but from the only x86 licensee. But it doesn't really matter at this point. If RISC-V was around at the time Apple might have gone with them. Thanks to Intel's arrogance, custom SOCs on their technology are almost forbidden and they haven't added anything meaningful on chip since Quicksync, and that probably gave Apple the inspiration to build SoCs. Apple was the only one using Quicksync until recently. Intel ran their business so badly that they deserve the reputation that their ISA can't be saved.
I think this is your opportunity to quit the horrible pc and android man!
progress is great, issue is apple itself and their anti repair policies, and spying with their latest os, in other words you no longer own devices you buy from them.
Aren't there already Linux PCs that run on arm?
It is really fascinating to see Intel melting in front of everyone. I still have my i73039K or something in my PC, doing great so far, so it is not like Intel was making bad hardware. But! They have lost console wars, they are loosing their leader position to AMD recently, now they have lost Apple. What else do they have? Just dwindling sales on PC market. It is looking like they need a miracle to bounce of the bottom they are on right now.
Love your content, man.
I think I’ll wait for the M2 revision and then toss my expensive custom ordered iMac in the shed to keep  my Tandy 1000 company
RIP Intel... coming from someone who bought ur fucking i9 9900k
Skirted past SoC RAM and the GPU option during the review?🧐
love it
I don't know much about hardware, but isn't a PCs performance today more about GPU than CPU? How will this help phones reach the rendering level of a computer?
I would be more excited with smartphones with longer battery life. With a laptop I am generally sitting somewhere with a power socket and I am currently am using a Chromebook, mine in particular lasts 10 hours without charging.
How did they do it? Easy, just like they did it few times in history already.
All comes down to price and what you use you pc for. Me I'm not paying for an apple. Not an Apple person and I don't need that level of performance. I'm an average user. I look a the $$$$ and cannot justify Apple.
That example of 4k iphone vs pc isn't fair, what is the bitrate, codecs and all other settings?
they did change industry, made it worse, you cannot replace anything in new apple devices even if from same model as its serialized, and os spies on you without being able to shut it off on new os. Phones are fast, but not only apple. Yes if you put cellphone processor into most laptops no surprise here, the latest mobile processors are more expensive than laptop.
But lol MacBooks are so expensive so how is that relevant to people that really need it.
Take “Apple” out of the discussion and LEARN “your” tech history; then, people will realise the disruption that’s happening now.
Never thought the day would come where I'd say 'I want a Mac'.
Seriously, who Cares?  Apple is discontinuing iTunes.  Apple iTunes and I Store’s new policy of NO REFUNDS means if you make a mistake and purchase something twice, tough, Apple is  keeping your money, and there is no debate.  This is corporate hubris at its absolute worst!
What was missed in the history was that the complex instruction sets used less memory as less instructions were needed to perform the same task on a reduced instruction set.  This was relevant back in the day when memory was expensive
I bought the last Intel MacBook Pro(I believe) last year. At the time there was fearmongering on Apple abandon Intel. Also, I am South Korean. This is a country of Samsung and a bad place for Apple users. I like my MacBook Pro experience so much that now I plan to ditch Windows even for a home system. Turns out M1 is great, and now my spending became a slight waste on my low budget. Damn me for not believe and patient enough I guess.
M1 is a game changer
RIP x86 apps  I am really worried about the future of gaming, even Microsoft is developing their own ARM based chip This is a headache for developers worldwide, as emulation support won’t run forever .
Imagine what it would be like if Acorn were Apple!
I just want to say I am in the software sector. This video was so informative and clear. Thanks mate!
You lost me at I'm a Windows user
But... your own data shows that the M1 chip is performing at the moment, in the best looking scenarios, as well as a mid tier desktop CPU from 2017... soo.... Yeah, no thank you, I'll stay with my laptop with a top grade desktop CPU for the short/mid term for all my professional 3D work. If it wasn't for the Ipad Pro, Apple's "Pro" branding would be laughable.
i was a blackberry fan and then towards the end i tried android and didnt like it and became an iphone guy...i cant afford a decent computer i have a fairly old laptop quadcore amd and run mx linux on it..(bought it back in 2011 came with windows 7 ultimate ) hate windows to much bloatware and insecurity. as far as technology,etc honestly  its awsome how far its come along,etc etc BUT at the end of the day doesnt really matter as i couldnt afford anything worth while updated to todays standards anyways so ... and to who ever said money cant buy happiness surely doesnt know how to shop give me 50 grand and id show you the happiest man on the planet
I can't believe that iMac vs iPhone 12 export test. Surely there has to be more to it than that.
3:00 did you compare PhotoShop with Lightroom? two different programs ?
Although have you seen the 3rd party benchmarks fornthe chip ? Even though they still perform well the dont come close to Amd or even the sleeping giant Intel mobile cpu offers only in specifically optimized benchmarks and workloads  , so definitely huge step up but not close to the leaders yet .
I will use whatever has an energy efficient chip Apple or not!
Apple: *Launches M1* Intel: Dead Inside
M1 chipset, another overhyped, overrated, and overpriced product from Apple. Pretty sure this M1 only performs good on paper but sucks ass on real world performance and daily usage.
More ways for apple to gauge sheeple's money
*ZEN3 IS FASTER THAN M1*
How can I make sure great Video Essays, basically where to get copyright free images/videos ?
RISC architecture is very promising. With that said a lot of apple customers need things like virtualization support or compatibility with old and often discontinued programs (not all programs run on Rosseta). And this is quite troublesome as many companies have fixed hardware upgrade cycles. So some employees will have to either don't upgrade or switch to Windows/Linux. So for me all of this laptops are, at least for now, very expensive paperweights.
These foos were using intel to create the arm chip @13:28
Very often the app developers do not receive the much appreciation they deserve, iOS apps are faster not because apple's hardware it's better but it's the app optimization that's doing everything, try importing an unused class in an apple app and they'll disqualify your app.
Me: "Maybe apple might be going back to  innovation than being a cash grab" Apple: "$1,099 phone with charger sold separately 🤑👍"
I hope this will be a kick in the butt strong enough to force Intel back on track to innovate and make their processors great again.
8:03 - 8:36 HHAAHAHAHA!!!!
Can Windows 10 on ARM run on M1 chip?
All the clips just seem like an apple promo via youtubers.
So now ARM and Ryzen both are kicking Intel's ass and putting them out of business. Nice.  Learnings -  To stay in the market, you have to be innovative and not just sit and enjoy your monopoly.
alright, let's give apple about 10 years so we can finally purchase an affordable high-end intel chip
Is no one going to comment on the fact that the desktop this chip is being compared to, are other Apple desktop devices? Like yes the part where the phone beat the desktop mac at exporting the file was cool and all, but it wouldnt be able to beat most of my friends or my self build pc's, which probably also cost significantly less than a mac book or desktop mac would. So...TLDR The chip is good, but they aren't done with the competition yet and for the price I would still go with a self made desktop or an Iphone instead of the Macbook
You are making the most informative channel, presented in the most delicious way - just vauw
I can imagine ARM chips powering satellites and drones.
Isn't the biggest difference that intel is stuck on 14nm and they can't go smaller
while I still hope on Android X86, but mobile chip power efficiency is nowhere to beat
How Apple just changed the entire industry...  Go get your own charger.
You forgot to mention the main key point that, Apple has vertical integration of their devices. They control the software, product and now chips too. No other company has this level of control on their devices. Google and microsoft makes the software and AMD , Nvidia the hardware. Apple has a distinct advantage where others can't compete. So this will be a bit detrimental and not consumer friendly at all 'cause we all know how Apple is. This is monopolistic. Since they have the better Hardware and software support, people will switch to Macs from PC's and MacOS only runs on Apple Devices. And once you get into the "ecosystem" you're trapped. This is the Master-plan. Consumers do not benefit from this.
You should process the audio with a de-esser
Meanwhile the rest of us are just waiting for the prices to fall so we can benefit from the technology....
It will be interesting to see what happens next. The X86 and AMD64 instruction sets need to remain for the sake of compatibility. But Rosetta 2 offers a very compelling argument that other architectures are viable. NVIDIA just bought ARM, so we are going to see huge leaps from companies other than Apple in regards to ARM chips. And maybe NVIDIA will license the technology to AMD and Intel as well. But ARM chips on their own are almost useless for desktop computers. Rosetta 2 is the actual game breaker and whether other companies can develop similar software is going to be interesting.
They ARMed themself
So don'tr drop your next M1 Apple product, take good care of it. 😅
Imagine if nintendo switch uses apple's chip... Withcer 3 on ultra!!
This vid is too dumbed down for me
I was once an apple fan boy then went to samsung but I'm actually impressed with apple. All this time I thought they got confortable and stopped innovating but I guess they had "one more thing" up their sleeve lol!
That Note 2 throwback though. 😭
Nope, Qualcomm had already developed a mobile chip with desktop performance.
I don't like apple. Right to repair or no good.
How to bring religion into tech industry
I always think Apple has stopped innovating and than there’s always stuff like this. I know Apple has not invented technologys but they made them better and more useable
Imagine this in iPads and those PCMR guys laughing at chips except thinking as finally, apple did something good.
You show a picture of a Commodore Pet when you mention X86. The Commodore Pet did not have an Intel processor but the Commodore MOS developed 6502 processor which is a totally different branch of processor.
Raspberry PI did it, but for poor people and engineers, years ago
So cool. Now Apple will have the PC shares:-)  Microsoft must make an  Silicon Windows 10 versions.
I want desktops to have ARM proccesors to blow away anthing laptops can produce. If AMD or Intel would go with ARM desktop CPU, sure it would be a pain at first to transfer from x86 (Apple does have closed ecosystem which helps with compatibility) but this might be the way forward. x86 was also new technology at one point with its growing pains. ARM could and probably will be the future of computing.
Apple doesnt get a pass for this. Its like a captor putting air con in the room he is holding you captive.
This might be revolutionary. Like Apple ways or not, they're where they are for this kind of reason. I wonder how it will inspire other manufacturers.
Nvidia's acquisition of ARM also tells a lot about power moves in the tech industry
At what point do we see this put into the new iMac?
Intel followed blockbuster
Whats stopping snapdragon doing the same?
Remember if your memory fails you Mac is screwed ! If your cpu fails your Mac is screwed ! If your gpu fails your Mac is screwed ! Meaning a whole new mother board change ! Strange from a company promoting environmentally friendly 😂
About Rosetta 2  "If Rosetta 2 works, you won't even notice it ever existed" -Angela
It’s blowing the online reviewers off their feet because they are paid to do so!
but can it run crysis ?
You hit the nail on the head. Extremely well explained and its crazy to see what’s coming next!
Maybe we are at point where it's easier to come then to proceed
Arm is more powerful when it comes to single task performance! That’s why the new macs have only 2 usb c not 4 because it can’t handle to much information at once ! As for the iMac vs the iPhone same again you can have a ton of things running on the iMac and still port the 4K video in the same time it did but the iPhone can only do a couple of things at once before it starts to slow down considerably!
Looks like ARM is really a lot better than x86. I’m just bummed that it’s apple.
Gotta give it to Apple for innovation. After Jobs' death this is the first time they have been so disruptive. I know the bezzel-less iPhone  was a design that everyone jumped on but it was just that...a design change. This is real innovation. Kudos.  Ps. Though you still deserve hate for all the dongals and chargerless phone you sell for exorbitant profits
Who else here had an Acorn back in the day?
Bruh imagine an iPhone with an intel chip right now... 😬
Sorry for all the comments but a very interesting video.  The elephant in the room here is cost.  Apple is single source which means they can charge what they like.  This is fine for the high end market but does not provide a solution for mass market computing.  Will we see AMD and Intel scrapping for the low end?  Will Apple sell its chips to 3rd parties?  Will Microsoft ditch Intel and seriously move to ARM as well?  These are serious times for the once all conquering Intel.  My advice to Intel?  Be bold and while you have the resources BUY Nvidea - whatever it costs.  In one move, Intel gets arguably one of the best graphics systems, AI/ML technology plus ARM!  If it costs £100 billion or more it is worth it.  I fear, Intel has now entered a period where these sort of moves are beyond it.
Not original but cool
It's a remake from the other guy who just made a video the Indian guy made a video called Apple changing that was like 2 days ago they.... off someone else ..
I don't understand, isn't it something that was already done by others? Like years ago? Maybe, I am mistaken, but it feels that apple just does something that was already done and takes credit for it.
People talk crap about apple. They know what they doing, there is a reason why they one of the biggest companies in the world. They made all the m1 chip upgrades and the price is still basically the same as last years models?
Instead of "efficient chip" I heard "and fish and chips" XD Man,am I fat...
Well, see you in 10 years or so, when something new outperforms ARM...
from where do you get these clips?
ARM: Evidence that we Brits can still cut the mustard in the high-tech world. Aaaaaaaaaaand....we sold it. Nice.
Is this a sponsored video??
Maybe in the future, Intel’s decision to not work with Apple on the iPhone will be akin to Digital Research’s not providing the DOS for the IBM PC.  Could this be the beginning of the end of Intel as we know it...
I love the channel, everyone telling me how apple saving money and you are telling me they are innovating. I love how positive thinking is new thinking at this time.
Short sad story: Everytime when I hear INTEL in this video lol
This is not the first time ARM has been used in PCs.  Don’t forget, ARM was originally designed at Acorn for their new line of Archimedes computers in the late 1980s.  Even then, the performance of ARM was amazing.  Unfortunately at that time the marketing clout was with huge companies like Motorola, IBM, Microsoft etc.  Well huge compared to Acorn.  Imagine where we would be if Acorn/ARM had gone mainstream then?  Apple also has the huge advantage of controlling the whole ecosystem which affords extensive optimisation.  Even if you put Windows on ARM, the disjointed market (great for prices) would mean they would struggle to match Apple Macs.
RISC hai to Ishq hai 😜
0:40 who is everyone?
As a Windows and Android user, I should thank Apple users for so generously sponsoring tech innovation.
... And then there's AMD's newest chips.
good video mate ,must have taken some time and energy ,thank you for your unbiased opinion
Me uses Morning brew at night: I have done a sin!
14:19 Did you mean the Galaxy Note 4?
It can manage it because apple has the enviroment. All controlled by apple. So it ca be optimized
Great video, personally just went from an Intel i7 (7 years old now) to an AMD 5950 (The latest AMD chip) in my new computer, looks like my next "PC" will be running an M7
It's not as simple as ARM better because simple. ARM have modules that have special uses, like compression/decompression, encoding and so on. If you want application to run fast, you need to either code down to the metal or use these modules. X86 is just raw power, with very little space for specialized accelerators. Creating fast working software on ARM that is complex requires a lot more work to execute, requiring a lot of resources. In modern world most programmers go for ready solutions, frankensteining elements that never intended to do these tasks. Apple doesn't help with their limitations, walled garden and repair hostility that is one step short of suing them for opening magic boxes. You might be happy, if you follow narrow path of Apple software and never wander off, just like ARM - limited instruction set - limited software. Good example are browser and sites, there is so much computing and data transfer due to bad coding, lots of legacy and legacy on top of legacy, you can make it from scratch to look the same, but any major change will require you to work from scratch again and again, instead of reorganizing thing on css. PS that phone vs PC export thing, details that count, if transcoding of closed garden apple video format, to most common YouTube export got predicted, there is module for it, quality will be lower, but power is greatly reduced. Try to do it once YT eventually changes format or Apple stop updating the thing, you are on ice.
As always, an amazing video! I'd love to see you do a video covering the amazing things going on between AMD, Intel, and TSMC.
The description of CISC vs RISC in this video is ridiculously one-sided and just sounds like an advertisement. It's too bad because the issue is obviously more nuanced and interesting than "CISC bad".
I was never an Apple fan but this is incredible. To be honest I never thought it possible for an ARM processor to surpass an X86 on raw performance.  It's like the 80's F1 scene all over again who nobody ever thought possible that a 1.5L Turbo engine could deliver more raw performance than a naturally aspirated 3.5L engine until Renault did it. So there you have it, a mobile processor being faster and a lot more energy efficient than a desktop processor. 2020 is indeed a weird year
80's Commodore users are hating Apple 90's Apple users are hating PC 2000's PC users are hating Apple 2010's Android users are hating Apple prediction: 2020's Nvidia Arm users are hating Apple
I do think that Intel has the capacity to hit back on this. If they finally decide to go to a 7 or 5 nm die, they might catch up to both Ryzen and M1. Look at how fast their processors already are with a 14nm die. We'll see how stubborn they are in the coming years.
First own chip from Apple beats the i9-9900 or whatever the flagship chip from Intel is... That's fucking insane. And the price remains the same. Like yohhh
But... Can it run Crysis? :)
Youtube is so much better than watching TV, thanks to you for making such good content!
Thank you for another great video. It doesn’t matter what the subject of the video is you always make it interesting and easy to understand.  You have one of the best narration voices to emerge in the last 20 years. Please keep going, the world needs a soothing voice to explain all the complex issues being thrown at us.  Cold fusion = Relaxing intelligence
Of course Dagogo, Apple couldn't help themselves as they take a giant step forward by taking two steps back. Its now been reported that their new Big Sur software has been found to not only report when a non-authorised technician services the computer but now reports every app/program that's opened, the IP address, the ISP and the location of the user, even going around firewalls and reporting software.  The reporter stated that this was due to an agreement Apple reached with the FBI.  This really needs to be verified, if you would, please.
China: its just a matter of time. copy copy copy US: nooooooooooooo
I think its safe to say this was gonna happen it was just a matter of when.
I think u mean RISC and CISC instead of ARM and x86.
Honestly even though these chips are fast they take away scalability which is a major problem so they did not change the entire industry but gives us a hope for a better faster chip with option of scalability.
Windows on ARM and Chromebooks have existed for years now--the power of a PC on a mobile device. The real obstacle is getting developers to write and optimize their programs for ARM. They deserve more credit than hardware manufactures. Apple is in a position to force developers into adopting the new platform. That's power and not really an innovation.
The credit for "Changing an industry" goes to Acorn Computers, this is just apples way of getting back over 30 years later, because Acorn got their name above apple in the phone book...
But the Huawei Kirin 9000 performs almost equally to the A14 bionic chip
The real OGs remember when it was cold Fustion TV
The only way to retain top place is to improve.
As always, great content from Coldsuion
Arm combined with specialized chips like FPGA's  where for complex instruction sets the arm reprograms the fpga with a unified memory architecture, add in  specialized video chips, audio, ai which bridges such.  It could be a very interesting world in the future.
@10:02 i think there's a confusion. Its been a while but i can recall my classes. x86 actually takes less cycles virtually to complete the instruction set i.e x:1 . While arm goes 1:1
nonsense ,  uselesss video too much non sense less facts.
It's great to see high-end processor performance improving again, after years of painfully slow growth.  Also remember that RISC-V is on the same path, now showing up in many embedded systems and announcing increasingly powerful cores.  In five to ten years we might see RISC-V processors in server rooms, and perhaps even on desktops.
Microsoft could have had this way earlier, but the bad x86 emulation ruined it again. As far as I know Rosetta 2 isnt emulation but a binary translator. The benefit about this approach is that you dont need to emulate all avaiable instructions of e.g. x86 to run an application, it will just translate the binary code that is actually used which makes it faster. You even could cache some of these translations and speed it up more.  I dont have a clue why microsoft went with a x86 emulation, every body knows emulating x86 on ARM doenst work so goood because of the core different these architectures work.  Simple example not specific to any ARM or x86 CPU but a easy one to understand: If you want to calculate 6*3, one CPU can do just this in one instructions and the other calculates 6+6+6 in multiple instructions. Each run per Clock Cycle.  But if you want to emulate the 6+6+6 approach on the chip that actually does 6*3 you need 3 instrcution calls to get the emulated result. This is bad! So you can say for the same result the emulated CPU needs 3 times longer than the native one.  A binary translater will look this up and sees "Oh hey this is a 6+6+6 calculation what is my matching instruction for this, oh yeah its 6*3". Boom immediately faster, you will only have a overhead because e.g. Rosetta is running all the time and steals performance.
Hope every arm chip wont be locked like phones where it can only run one OS
If i was making apple iPhones i would use AMD . Team Red .
One of your best videos so far...I'm also an android/pc fan but I just might go back to apple
The audio is terrible in this video all I hear is clipping
That explain why 12gb android phones is equivalent of 4gb ios phones.
Smart review (subscribed). Just to add: Milestone One (M1) is also disruptive thanks to the most effective and unified ecosystem (Apple OS & optimized apps). For the best User’s experience. With its unified random access memory the breakthrough M1 is a kind of metaphor of this disruptive integration.  Next awaited jumps: A14X for iPad Pro should be as efficient as M1. And M2...
Apple is up to other level.
Brilliant! Just pure brilliance. Excited for this next level of computing, power and mobility. And this is after 38 years since starting on my Apple //e 64k.
huge corporation getting too ahead of other huge corporations is only good for consumers in the short-term
Why are you still reading - Cocky! I was looking for an alternative link for the soundtrack dude. Be kind! Great Vid - with thanks from Zambia.
So apple chip is faster than intel while snapdragon is basically trying to fake till make it situation even though both apple and snapdragon running arm.
*Like you need your computer any fucking faster.    So Facebook can track you with greater precision?  Is your porn going to run faster?    Nobody cares about computer 'disruption' today.  This is all marketing bullshit, to try to get you to buy something new that you don't need.*
Intel - We make bad decisions. Duuuuuu Du Du Du Duuu
So what does this mean for intel?  What if other laptop/PC manufacturers ditch intel chips and go for ARM
We are in the AGE OF DISRUPTIONS...JIO, TESLA, M1...a new era has begun and legacy Goliaths are being rocked by Disruptive Davids!
Me after watching this video: 1. Revision of the videos I have already watched.😁 2. Just go and file for bankruptcy Intel.😂
Can't wait for more. Mac Head for life
Windows customers should be rejoicing...we will get the benefit of Apple pushing the market to innovate (if not their R+D directly), but we won't have to deal with their walled garden, Apple tax, dongle entrapment, and other anti-consumer practices.  It has been clear for years Intel has been holding back Apple's innovation with their failure to improve their product.  Now that chicken is coming home to roost.
Instead, figure out how to put an AMD Threadripper into an Apple Watch, so you could just have a wireless screen and keyboard, but carry your whole environment and only change your I/o devices!
Intel is now being double bashed from AMD and Apple 😂
This is one of the best videos yet! Well done ColdFusion!
Going to see Apple chips in Microsoft products sooner or later. Then those "I'm a PC, I'm a Mac" adverts will have to go woke with fat slob holding a feminist hand. The future looks crazy
As a professional phone repair tech I would like to bring to your attention that Apple's phones are actually the easiest phones to repair and the only phone other than the OnePlus that actually seems to have considered repair in their design. Not a fanboy either, my only apple product is the ipad
Your Phone Video as a Desktop Computer video was how I discovered you when it was posted via reddit 8 years ago. As someone that has been obsessed with the M1, I'm amazed how much work you put into this video in such a short time.   Well done.  Thanks in general for your channel, I enjoy your content.
I’ll still will not pay 3500 Euros for their laptop. I will still not pay 1400 Euros for their iPhone or iPad I’m damn sure I’m not paying 230 Euros for two horrible sounding plastic earbuds that fall out. I’m not brand loyal I’ve an old iPad a Samsung phone and Sony earbuds. They can all stick their over hyped over priced sh*t up their arses. Tell me apart from 5G what great game changers have they put into the models each year and each year a higher price tag!
I've wondered for the same question: why not put phones processor into a laptop since they seem to be more efficient? Someone in the industry told me that it was not a great idea as those processors do much less than PC's, but here we are now.
Great research!! I appreciate your work
It will best... Until quantum computers come into the picture
Anyone who loves technology is gonna be blown away by this video. Imagine what apple will do in next 2-3 years with iPhone, iPad and Mac lineup. I just can't wait.
Breaking news!!!! Intel is broke and is bought by Apple and AMD 😂😂
my 7.5 watt snapdragon 845 can play pubg 1080p 60fps without fan and my intel i5 gen 10 15watt mx250 10watt  can't even play pubg i don't know it's software issue or something but i hate my windows laptop in performance and UI and  they're lack of stability
Intel is getting kicked in the balls... first by AMD and now with Apple. Someone needs to get back to the drawing board 🤔
The vibe of your videos is unmatched... Your voice and your OC music it's just brilliant.
Apple is back on track ruling over competition, it's quite amazing how Apple keeps thinking different (not always better) even if it takes time to do
totally sick of intel's lakes tbh...after broadwell....they should have gone back to the drawing board instead of "optimizing" for 5 years straight
wait isn't hardware acceleration pretty much what CISC is? Implementing specific tasks in hardware (aka. instruction set) to speed them up?
ARM isn't just a mobile chip, We've been using it in servers for years!  Also I just have to say the performance of Apple's chips is incredible. ARM as an architecture is overall cheaper, eaiser to work with, and technically a lot more environmentally friendly than Intel x86.
I use RISC powered IBM mainframe on PICK  back in 1992 😁
Apple is just better i always said this
I do think Apple did at least two things right with some of the billions that comes their way - heavily invest in R&D, and buy small companies with crucial patents/assets that can make their way into their products. Asset-making, asset-loading.
People: The ARM Processor made Apple great!  Me: Well, since RISC-V though...  People: You little shet...
Stole the mp3 interface from creative technology a Singaporean company then sold the ipod... They only paid back 100 millions in compensation What a shame...
I'm still not buying apple.
I truly adore Dex. I use Termux to run Kubuntu directly on my phone.  I am excited to see if this will lead to apple popping MacOS (Lite?) On the iPhone 13?  Proper competition in the Mobile Desktop space.
When the competition could not catch up or innovate, Apple will once again be labeled as monopoly or anti trust. I guess its nothing new to them.
Here is the problem for x86,  what's gonna happen when they reach 3nm+ beyond that quantum tunneling will be a huge wall for both x86 and ARM. However it would be easier for ARM to 3d stack due to the low heat output, at least that's what o think,  AMD is leading , defeated intel, but Apple's ARM is moving fast.
is because the M1 chip is not made from silicon transistors........
Wasn’t the A4 their first custom chip, not the A6?
I don't like Apple, but I love this innovation. This is what we all need to have. High performance and power efficient in one scene. Kudos Apple.
leader's vision is very important!
What if Apple partnered with AMD to make Zen 4 ARM-based? Would that work?
My mind got shredded by how good it's able to emulate x86...
Very good and informative video
I'm not a fan of Apple, but even I can't deny that this is some serious innovation. I was seriously considering buying a new macbook
we are just going to ignore the newest amd 32 cores processors, lately amd is destroying the competition in both gpu and cpu, their laptops are currently the fastest in the market. The next logical step is to make 7nm mobile cpus for phone companies and compete with snapdragon
Hahahaha 🤣
I haven't hit x1.25 this fast in my life.
I am not worried about AmD on arm rhey are partnering with Exynos
I wanna hate Apple but man do they accomplish some amazing stuff sometimes.
YO SHOUT OUT TO MAX TECH!!
So now we know why there was lack of innovation in the past few years. Apple was working on the M1. I can’t wait to see what they do with this chip in the future. Steve would be proud.
comparing codec dedicated hardware encoding times with software encoding times? that's just preposterous. also comparing arm with x86? the right question would be "if apple makes x86 cpu, would it outperform intel?"and  "if media was exported with forced software encoding  would the apple outperform intel?" if the m1 chip only had the perks and not the shortcomings, the apple would have excluded all x86 options on their desktop lineup. the arm desktop computing has already started but the software compatibility was the problem. the m1 chip is significant in a way that the hardware designers also made dedicated operating software.
I just wonder if what Apple did with it's M1 chip is the reason AMD buying Xilinx, which does FPGA chips and SoCs. The next decade will be a very interesting decade for chip tech. If Intel doesn't pivot away from its traditional methods, it'll definitely be left behind.
Uyghurs can confirm. Workload is much better done. Thanks to forced labor
Still wont buy an iSlave.
Hope to see the ARM M1 chip in non Apple products
6:25 Is this the same guy from David Hoffman’s street interview?  https://youtu.be/UiMus1FJb9w
Microsoft should step up their game😂 Their surface pro x line can't really run x86 reliably
What when you want to upgrade your RAM? How about being able to change your graphics card? Things are modular for a reason: so you can maintain/upgrade/change/downgrade, I don't like once chip being fucking expensive and upgrading meaning losing a lot of money.  They could have only come up with CPU part, but no, they don't want others being able to repair/upgrade, so all in 1 good job.
Does that mean we need to carry 2 laptops, one for battery life and normal applications and one powerful core heavy one for our virtual machine jobs or are these chips going to be opened up to 15 maybe 20W so that we can have monster 8 to 24 core processors? Still need cores for some things?
Damn Apple did it again, they just more smarter and do it right than all the other company’s
i hope huawei make a cpu too..
Apple products are soo hard to recommend because apple locks parts and eliminates self repair.
What a fascinating episode. I've never liked Apple but it's going to be awfully tough to stay away now with innovation and performance like that .. darn!
Be it as it may. Apple as a company has lost me as a customer. The only way i would use apple stuff is if someone forced me to do so.
9:52 who?
anyone excited for china to copy this and make it cheaper.
The M1 chip has 8 cores (4 big cores and 4 little cores).  I predict that next we will see a faster clocked version for the Imacs. Then a 12 core version in the imac pro.   This will be followed by AMD ( and maybe intel) releasing their own RISC chip. This is when we start seeing main stream computers powered by RISC chips running windows 10 and various distributions of Linux.  I think Apple has sounded the death knell for X86.  These RISC chips will be so fast ( compared to x86) that ridiculous core counts will no longer be required outside the server space.
This was a great video but really ignoring the pink elephant in the room: AMD, this new arm CPUs are fast but they can't even look up to the power of AMD CPUs, Intel has been using the same architecture since 2015 that's why Intel has made so little improvement over the last 5 years, AMD on the other hand are killing it as no one ever before, it's just shameful how Intel has gotten so stuck and yet still making so much money
Looks like we are back to where we started in a few years we are back into locked up ecosystems.
this does makes me consider M1 macMini for my next desktop .. just for 699 😯😯
I use dirt cheap low power ARM tv box to watch this video.
I'm thankful for apple innovation but I'll never buy their overpriced products and sale separately accessories
lmao *laughs in arm windows* arm is absolutely sick, it's a great architecture
Music starting around 20:00ish?
When they can run my virtual machines and emulators, X86 will die then.
AMD should start making RISC based processors.
It's the most informative 26mins of my life.  Thanks man.   I really hope AMD start building ARM chip for laptops and not just AMD. Intel and Qualcomm should be building ARM chips for Laptop and Desktops so students with less budget can afford a really fast windows or linux PCs.
Hackintosh community will be pissed when they hear this
You just lost my subscription.
This is so much informative, thank you ☺️
Their claims of smoothies is BULLSHIT! They Never Even showed it!  This whole video is just as Disconcerting as every other lie proclaimed by new tech! We don’t need new tech!!! Stop  and reverse you dumb people! Your going to kill lives with this! Your pretty home and fake happy life is just a imaginary dream!
Kudos to richness of content here. I'm a big fan of this architecture and I concur your sentiments. We should be appreciative of good that is happening. However, OEMs going this path of making upgrades costlier, makes me worried. I want my PC or Laptop to be modular as before. Not too much profit for the people in big companies, but it is imperative this remains that way, its good for all - a win win for environment and yet keeps things to the mark. I still use my 8 year old i5-2400 and it performs to best of my needs, only thanks to small upgrades like SSD, more memory and storage that I kept adding to it.
would be great if Apple have option to sell logic board only so those who already have imac with the big screen can also enjoy the latest technology beside still preserve of the old screen..😊
you have to keep in mind that apples cpu is specifically designed for video editing and other apple only tasks... anything beyond that like 3d editing , gaming, etc.. it starts to fall behind..
Plot twist: he's actually an apple succubus
if intel does not change they are going to become like Nokia or any of the other big tech companies in the past which have shrunk.
Can I have a comparison with Windows on arm device? Feels including only Apple devices is a bit biased.
A new chip-monopoly in the making...
By making products you pay 1000s of dollars for and you never really own it since you cant get it repaired yourself or third party.
The M1 is a glorified smartphone chip. A top of the line one no doubt but its not as powerful as a desktop CPU. AMDs new Zen3 5800x CPU is 40% faster than the M1 at nearly half the cost in a PC. A zen3 PC could costs as little as $700 while a M1 mac cost $1,233.  40% more performance for nearly half the cost thats the power of PC x86.  Even AMDs last generation 4900U laptop chip performs like the M1 using only 15watts. With the new Zen3 AMD laptop chips set to be 19% faster. Not to mention that the graphic chips on AMD laptop CPUs are twice as fast as the GPU in the M1 and natively supports PC games.
Apple  got tired of intel’s slacking so they made their own . Plus Arm processors since the iPhone 6s started to out class computers .
I have used pc with windows and Linux all my life but I think with this movement and some years hating windows since win 8, possibly I will move to MacOS
The mistake you made is forgetting about AMD.  Intel fucked up. Not x86
i've been using an acer swift 3 with the amd ryzen 7 4700u chip in it and i've been pretty pleased so far....
I am glad that Intel sad "NO" to apple...
No they didn't. lol.
Dang, not connected to power supply and yet still able to run some code. Glad to have these researchers.
Its just a processor... They still build really poorly high end performing devices... when the entire machine is better functioning, then they can claim
It looks like X86 might be on its way out!
Watch the first ever trailer of motivation season coming this New Year. He is the youngest global icon to reinvite the future of podcast. Click on link to watch and subscribe to channel 🎯 https://youtu.be/7230e-8PCV0
Intel was never really an innovator after switching from memory chips to CPUs. It was sitting on its laurels while AMD innovated and created the first x64 (AMD64) architecture and Intel had to copy the instruction set architecture (EMT64). Now Apple created ARM64 and Intel is being left behind in Desktop computer chip space too. Eventually all cloud providers (Amazon/AWS, Microsoft/Azure, Google/GCP, Alibaba-Cloud, IBM/Oracle/VMware etc.) will gradually replace their datacenter capacity with ARM64 based server racks reducing power consumption and cost of operations so significantly that Intel revenues and stock price will plummet into a self-propagating downward spiral until doom. More curious to see how AMD reacts to this new disruptive challenge.
It was a very funny mkbhd video. Said " went 4 days without charging.... last charge *Yesterday* "
What I really want to see is the Raspberry Pi becoming a viable desktop replacement.  I've wanted to see it ever since I first heard about it.  To me, that's the dream of computing.  I feel like ARM will be the future of desktop PCs overall.  So...I'm glad I only spent $400 on my new laptop!
Another quality production.
I love your channel bro
Arm fucking sucks because there's no backwards compatibility :/
I figured you would be a Linux user
Because Apple outsource the 5nm chip manufacturing.  Intel make their own chip and is stuck at 14nm.
Link to Jonathan Morisson's video?
So no one is gonna comment about AMD zen 3 being on OG 7Nm being neck to neck with Apple's 5nm chips? Or that the ryzen 4600u on 7nm with a 15 watt TDP is faster in multithread vs Apple's 5nm M1 12watt TDP? I would've expected the M1 to be much much faster or beat multiple world records when Apple spent $16Billion on R&D vs AMDs measly $2Billion. Imagine AMD moving to 5nm ;)
That's an excellent video , personal thoughts in the end would go well in so many industries where fan boys and maximalist ruin it for enthusiasts.
How do I sign up for ColdFusions music list???
Such hype
I hope they won't be only in apples laptops because i don't want apples software
Common Microsoft is doing since 2 year  They are selling arm based surface books for 2 years
this literally gave me chills
Death of Intel
It's long time coming
Now we need a battery revolution. Still waiting on graphene
Welp pretty easy cuz mac has the same specs as a mobile phone
I haven't watched the video yet but here's the answer: lots and lots of money.
Why isn't Microsoft's ARM working as well as Apple's? That's something I'd love to see a video of yours on...
That Intel CEO was technically not wrong though, he might have thought on the premise “never invest in something you don’t fully understand”, and this proves that you could miss out on amazing things based on that thought process... I think I’ve just got another reason to go and buy some Bitcoin.
I think this is why Nintendo stuck with PowerPC for so long. They understood the appeal of simple CPUs.
Apple changed the industry by using an ARM chip? Hilarious. Tell me, how is it possible to get your entire head inside of Tim Cook's A$$ ?
Intel 2020: hello darkness my old friend
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reduced_instruction_set_computer#History_and_development https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_RISC No, it wasn't ARM that first conceived the RISC. It was UC Berkeley's team who set the standard for modern-day RISC architectures. SPARC, MIPS and ARM and even PowerPC descended from Berkeley's RISC. Efforts were made to utilize small instruction sets and different approaches of the number of registers available to the programmer, but Berkeley merged and defined the 1st solid concept on RISC.
This was by far the best video I have had the pleasure to watch on this channel. A clear breakdown of how APPLE is changing this industry.
The M1 is a RISCy move. And now has the ARMs to bust out Intel
“As we set about designing the ARM, we didn’t really expect.. to pull it off.”   🤣 what a legend.
i9 10900k uses 250 / 300 w in real world use
Brutal video. Thanks
The only good news in 2020
RISC chips have been used in many devices years ago specially game consoles .. This  new processor  has a great future for sure!
It’s also likely that next Apple will put their M series chips into their Pro model IPads so they could make their IPad Pros directly compete with tablet PCs on the market while their Pro model IPads may also gain the ability to run MacOS software! :)
The last few years have seen such an enormous shift for Intel. They're not dead but they will need to correct and evolve fast or this will be the same story as Motorola!
Biggest moment in history... in the last decade.
With the ascension of RISC V, I see further disruption coming, chips tailor-made for specific purposes by anyone, with lower retail cost than an Apple chip.
I just hate that right now happens to be when I'm looking to buy a new laptop. Makes the decision so much harder. Feels sad spending thousands on a new macbook pro 16 (which is what I wanted) when the M1 is faster
wow
Great video.  No mention of nVidia?
I think people are upset because this advancement has been made by a company that is known for its walled gardens approach to protecting its monopolies. How long will it be before we can build our own ARM-based rigs? For now, never seems like a real possibility.
as always the japanese are far ahead of everyone else 😂
This is plain STUPID.  Apple had the best RISC processor (PowerPC) and they did abandon it for the money with intel. Now they are going back to RISC?  pffffft.
I took the prof Clay class. Even though your interpretation of the low-end of market is slightly different to what prof Clay said , the points that you are driving here are right. This is one the best videos you made so far.  The construction of the arguments are well built.  Kudos
Batterygate, now I own Android
great vid! thanks man
RISC it for the biscuit
They stopped giving the earphones which after that many companies followed. Now they have stopped giving chargers. Shit.
Intel was the impostor.
And apple also suddenly changed to usb-c
it is not a correct comparison, Apple SW is highly optimised due of used CPUs constrains, ether windows or any apps are optimized as brute power was always available from x86 CPUs. Now it is time SW guys start to optimize their SW so do Intel with getting new things in their architecture...
How are you gonna compare a Surface Pro X vs A Mac Book Air? lmaooo thats soo misleading to consumers.
Im calling it now: this is gonna power ai brains
I've been a PC/Android fan all my life, and I take my hat off to Apple for achieving this.
Given its incredible power, let's hope Apple will license this M1 technology to those who make medical instrumentation and avionics. That'd be a win-win for everyone... except of course stick-in-the-mud Intel.
So, will you get a Mac ( finally)? To be honest, I'm shocked, that you are a Android/Windows user.
Is this the next ARMs race?
for yrs now ppl was expecting more and more out of intel but they was so concerned on making a small profit thinking that ppl will have to wait on them to release new tech, well intel better innovate fast or they'll be irrelevant in the next 1-3yrs.... hats off to Apple for actually becoming a true tech company (they still trying to sell you an image but now they actually make the tech behind that image)
The biggest problem for ARM is that it can't run many x86 programs. I'll be interested to see if that's been solved now, though I doubt it. This isn't the first time Apple has tried to make the switch to ARM. Last time didn't go so well.
Intel should toss out the x86 architecture and get on the ARM bandwagon. This is the future.
And I thought analog to digital was great now I'm not sure. As I reintroduced the old analogy to my back door co from too the system a noticed there was extra spaces that were shorter reaction times as far as commands to actions any thoughts as to how this is? It seems to be directionally related with the broadcast network I an sueing to send to robotic  devices sending telemetry via transceiver one to the other one and so on.
Hey Dagogo, I've loved your videos for a long time , you're spot on as usual. Anyone who has seen the rise of SBC' s and AMD's Ryzen could have said Intel is going away, but you're taking it a bit further, phones don't need massive storage devices so the push for everything on the cloud so it (we) can be monitored and controlled better? I think we are witnessing the end of the USA and beginning of United America (Mexico, Canada, US). I'd love to see you do a video on that one! It's becoming pretty clear over here the standard of living is going to take a major hit in 2021, that will bring us closer to Mexico, but then Mexico will have to be raised, you get the idea!
So interesting to see how everything is binded together and how everything interacts with so much else.  Without the smartphone industry, ARM would not be so interesting and most of all, TSMC would not have miniaturised that fast its processes.
I've been saying this since 2010. The performance evolution graphs were already very promising. Also that year I got my iPod touch with A4 chip (the first A-series chip, designed completely by Apple) that surprisingly it was not a pain in the ass to use like most smartphones in those days. I even preferred to use it more than my $1000 PC laptop for anything that didn't really need a big screen. By 2013 I got a new iPod touch that was blazing fast, and iOS apps were starting to be very mature. I really couldn't imagine how a computer couldn't be built from that, and I've been waiting for these M1 MacBooks since then. Still, I'm not buying any of them. Louis Rossman showed me that Apple motherboards are very poorly engineered. All of them have good chances of failing for stupid reasons like a 50 volts pin just right next to a 5V pin (and eventually producing an electric arc that fries some random chip or even the CPU), and of Apple blaming it to a supposed "water damage" and trying to charge you to "fix it" for almost as much as a new computer costs. It's pretty sad that a company with such cool designs and exclusive innovations has to be such a jerk.
x86 is dead like ICE cars .. what a time to be alive.
While this video is a great insight, I think you're overplaying the role of ARM architecture itself in all this a bit. And here are some reasons why: - The RISC vs. CISC debate got mostly academic in the 2000s, as x86 chips got massively redesigned to break down complex instructions into simpler internal ones before execution, while ARM chips started getting more and more "bloat" for various reasons because the original RISC idea was not as compelling anymore. - Apple just dominates the high performance mobile CPU market. If you look at Geekbench scores, the fastest Android phones on the market, powered by Snapdragon 865, get just a bit over half the single-core performance and around 3/4 multi-core performance (with 50% more cores inside) of the latest iPhones. All that while requiring 50% bigger battery than said iPhone to offer similar battery life (although admittedly software comes into play with that, too). It's not that ARM is that much greater than x86 - Apple is that much greater than other chip designers. - I'm pretty sure you could in theory make an x86 chip with similar performance. Intel once tried with their Atom line of CPUs. Yes, there were x86-based smartphones. Yes, they weren't really competitive, but they were competent enough to be perfectly usable. Perhaps if Apple's R&D people started from something like that, they would end up with an x86 variant of the M1 by now. But the ARM ISA is much easier to license than (modern) x86, which Intel and AMD intentionally mostly keep to themselves as a duopoly. Thus ARM is the natural choice of ISA for any newcomer to the processor scene.
For this specific task the phone may be faster. But this is a GPU Task anyway. If you have complex physics and so on, arm architectures are usually a lot slower.
The only thing I'm missing is if I can take this device to whoever I want to whenever something breaks for whatever reason.
Unfair export comparison, iMovie on iOS takes some serious shortcuts.
I prefer Windows and Android devices for having more user control than MacOS or iOS, and I strongly dislike many of Apple's business practices, but Apple's engineers have really done a good job here, and I hope the rest of the tech industry learns from this.
Dagogo, you are a genius. You have seen this way before many an expert has got out of bed.
First amd is kicking intel's ass. Now its apple. Intel is about to go out of business.
This is the way of the future.  Can't wait to get a crazy new gaming PC based on ARM.
The ARM chips have been leading the way since 1987* with the Acorn Archimedes / Acorn Risc PC.  ARM = Acorn Risc Machine  RISC = Reduced Instruction Set Computer  *The ARM chip existed before, but I believe this was the first example that went mainstream
Thing is. I dont understand the move as it will distance apple from the rest of the market even further, all the while cornering their customer base even further for which they already have anti-trust litigation ongoing. I applaude the new silicon, yes. I am happy with this kind of progress. But on the other hand, i already wasnt going to buy any apple because of the ecosystem a few years ago, it just got worse every year, but this takes the cake! They couldnt be less of what i want my daily driver to be now.  But you could see the apple arm cpu's for macs coming a mile away tbh.
Remember when QUALCOMM made an ARM cpu on a samsung laptop that is trash vs apple ???
I haven't heard anyone comparing the M1 to the 8cx, which came out a while now, and the Gen 2 is coming soon
Thanks for remembering ACORN. I am not the least surprised by the M1's speed  - I had an Acorn Archimedes . At last the world is catching up !
Intel is like Nokia, soon they will die if they don’t update to a next level NM processor
yawn,  I heard the same BS from Apple when they switched to PowerPCs
even among x86, Intel's no longer the winner.  AMD beats them on every metric.  I think AMD did experiment with ARM a little bit several years ago, but nothing came of it.  Maybe they still have the chance to restart that project now.
Great Video!!!! Congratulations.
rip intel
I am following your videos since 2014. Your storytelling skills are top notch and you being in context to every element and which is what makes it interesting!  Your videos are truly a delight to me. I have literally learned so much from your channel which has helped me in increasing my world knowledge. 🙂
Yay for the upcoming Apple walled garden.
love it bro. big ups from QLD
Intel just started marching into the pantheon of companies that refused to see the future.
This is awesome sir. Regards
Cold Fusion hit it out the park again! Great video
68000!  No, wait, PowerPC!  Ah shucks, well x86 then!  Nope.  ARM!  Maybe we should consider Risc V!   Apple fans are treating the move to ARM as the second coming Christ.
Absolutely love the Q&A style of this video. Wonderful production, kudos! New sub :)
2:40 yeah! Chrome opening was FAST, very very fast, "instant" will be and understatement.
It's definitely crashing other Intel Apple products prices. I'm starting to see the Mac mini of 2018, the base version going for about $430 on eBay. Just about 2 weeks ago it was going about $600
Now hopefully the rest of the PC industry jumps on the ARM train. I wouldn't be surprised if in a few years I'm able to go out and build a new gaming PC with an ARM chip instead of x86.
yet they are making mac unrepairable so that who cares if they have the best products if i can't bring it to someone thats not gonna rip me off to fix it. why the fuck do i care?
everything it "beats" X86 in is really just specialized code, and realistically all general purpose apps will still move slower on it
How did you forget to mention that Apple was one of the founders of ARM?
Who else is watching this video with popcorn 🍿.
i'm excited to see a benchmark comparison that is not geekbench and not on OS X, say something particular on linux, both st and mt type benchmarks, and both squeezing literally all that they can out of the hardware; that 16s build time cited in that one graph, considering how close the other machines were, is literally *just* one thread; if all threads were incorporated, the sub 2-3s build times would crush the m1, not to mention the "glitchy" shit the fucker blabbered is literally not even glitchy, that's apple giving exactly not a shit whatsoever for hardware acceleration unless it's metal, in which case they still barely even try  even the platforms, perform rigorous benchmarks of multiple times, then we'll talk about results
"All but one Intel and AMD CPU designed since the late 1990s has executed RISC operations internally. RISC won the CISC-versus RISC-war. It’s been over for decades.compatibility
Ok I was excited about it till the point Mac gamer trash was impressed that League of Legends is playing smooth... 😂 I can play Lol smooth on my PC from 2001... Even if apple has faster processor they cost x3 more than same performance pc. Good product for apple sheep $$$
Overpriced, calling home all the time, bad design practices for repair - nah apple can have it.
What can this contribute to a cleaner world? When all computing devices use a low power CPU instead of a power hungry CPU and not to mention GPU, we will consume way less energy. Now all we need are more powerful batteries with a longer lifespan and greener footprint. A laptop that has a 100 hour use? I think that that will be the case in 5 years. What times we live in.
the song at 10:47 mark is one I heard back when I was in Japan 2016 and I can't recall it's name does anyone know?
Lisa Su to AMD r&d - Guys Plan B ,we jump a gen.
Yes, but can it run Crysis? ahem... or MineCraft RTX!
Hasn't Invidia just bought ARM?
You could say Apple popped the CISC.
The title is a bit clickbait-y for your brand, don't you think?
As a Wintel-fan and a not particularly a fan of Apple, I must say that I'm impressed. I was somewhat surprised at Apple's announcement to move away from Intel, but I'm beginning to see how it makes sense. The video already mentions the fastest super computer running on ARM-architecture, what would be really amazing in the future is if there will be Linux and maybe even Windows servers running on CPU's in clouds like Azure. It must be amazing how much more CPU power they can pack in ever smaller form factors while reducing power usage. It is becoming less important what CPU or even what OS workloads are running on, so why not run them on the most efficient one..
Still an apple, so a big no no.
Everyone hates Apple these days yet their products are as popular as ever. I think what you meant to say was that a certain subset of Tech reviewers hate Apple, from a consumer stand point the company is more loved today than ever before.
What a great story!
It's a shame you've got to run MacOS and deal with the walled garden to get the hardware. When do I get a version of this technology that I can actually use?
Another fab video. Can I suggest that you source all your footage etc. so that us viewers can follow up on things if we choose 🙃
Never ever thought I'd see MKBHD on a ColdFusion video.
This is a srsly good video.
No external GPU support?
Well done on the research buddy
RISC V   That's it.. that's the comment.
Apple flushed down the toilet both Intel and AMD. RIP x86. New is coming. Resistance is futile.
Nvidia bought Arm.... Sad about that
As always fantastic amazing clip
Great knowledgeable video. 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
Thank you so much for putting the cost of the Mac in your video. I hate when you tubers never talk about price even tho life is all about money.
Hey — some misleading information in this one.  ARM did not invent RISC, nor was it the first to commercialize the design, though it was very early.  RISC was invented at Berkeley and Stanford, and it was that research that inspired ARM.  MIPS (spun off from Stanford) and SPARC (spun off from Berkeley) were the first implementations.  ARM still deserves a ton of credit, and they've obviously grown to be a huge market force today, which is more than you can say for MIPS or SPARC.    It's also the case that modern x86 processors are essentially RISC internally, with a translation layer in front to convert the CISC instruction set.  Though that does add complexity and take up space on the die, it's a bit of an oversimplification to say that they are power hungry because they are CISC.  It's more accurate to say that they are an aging design saddled with backward compatibility issues that have begun to catch up with them now that heat rejection is more of a limiting factor than anything else, and the CISC translation layer is a part of that.
I take back everything I said about Tim Cook not being able to innovate.
Waiting for M2 or M3
Seeing this history of ARM makes this seem so obvious. I hope someone can catch up to apple's progress, I like using mac, but would love to have this next gen performance in my linux PC.
Nvidia owns ARM. Nvidia is about to blow up in stock
What a hack industry
Crock of shit and BS
But does it mean only this type of chip will be available in only Apple's devices?
2 years from now I'm coming back to this video
Intel is FFFUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKEEEEDDDDDDD
The power efficiency thing, or inefficiency as it were, is actually more to do with the fact that Intel have a hardware decoder built into each of their CPUs that translates their complex instructions into simple instructions (Cisc to Risc on the fly in hardware).  This takes up a lot of space and power and it is likely where most the bodies are buried on the whole "power efficiency" issue.
what about RISC-V ?
This was the most well-done tech piece I’ve seen on YT in quite some time.  Your quality and hard work shows.
I would have loved to see how it stacks against AMD's Zen3 architecture. 🤔
But could it run Crysis? Seriously it's very impresive tech, but I hope we will be able to repair it as we see fit. Otherwise prepare for monopoly and prices from orbit.
This was very well done and fascinating to watch. I haven't owned a mac since 2011 and now I have a M1 mini on the way.
but can it run crysis? :P
I think you missed a quite fun fact which is extremely relative to the topic of this video: ARM was initially an Acorn project, but then apple is interested in ARM cpu for their Newton project. Apple and Acorn then created a separate joint venture to better full-filly this purpose: ARM company. At that time, Apple and Acorn each held 43% of the company. So one can say, apple co-created ARM.
So torn on this.  Love ARM.  Love the shift, at last, to RISC.  Love the big performance leap.  Still hate so much of Apple’s business practices.
I'm not going to need a new computer for several years, but when I do.. the landscape is going to look very different! I hope the rest of the industry can improve as well, because I don't really want to switch to a Mac.
Let's calm down... There are no benchmarks or real world numbers yet. We gotta wait and see what it really is.
The intro was a disclaimer he had to do to not upset Android fanboys
the S4 came out in 2013
I disagree, AMD CISC is better than Apples RISC ARM.  Its not so simple, you used Intel for comparison and i guess it makes sense since Apple switched from Intel to M1. However, Apple is using TSMCs latest 5nm process node, while intel is stuck on 14nm for last 5 years.  AMD is currently at TSMCs 7nm and its 15w chips trades blows with the 5nm M1. When TSMC gives same silicon to AMD that they gave to Apple, AMD chips will most likely perform 10-15% better on same power.   But i do give Apple props, the big-little design (4 big, 4 small cores) is what is actually making the chip so "efficient" - when you're using the Mac lightly it consumes almost no energy. And this is great for battery life. But again, this is not a feature of "RISC" or ARM, it is doable on CISC as well.  Bottom line, M1 chip is impressive, not because it is using ARM, but because Intel (the main laptop market CPU company) has stagnated last 5 years. I think we will see a market segmentation - low power laptops for plebs will become more ARM based, normal-high power laptops for work/gaming will stick with CISC.
What's the name of the outro song?
I will wait for the Real benchmarks before believing anything what Apple says about its M1 chips.
Always top quality production!! Bravo!
Other YT Reviewers: Damn! How fast this is..! Cold Fusion bulldozes: Why it is fast.....?
nah man, i trust you to keep me informed to everything i actually need to know
https://youtu.be/RqBFgZU1jjw.
the ending animation of the diamond exploding is wonderful!!!
apple finally shook the world again. And the impact will be seen.
It is just that Intel has makes money and do no upgrade at all of their CPU and at equal frequency there are few power gain. The top engineer has been engaged from Intel to AMD and Apple and these 2 company goes better, no miracle, Intel sigh its own defeat.  On an other hand, a mac or a PC has a complex OS with multi users... while Iphones, Ipad or android is not able then are much faster and lighter. Apple is not the first to do it, they just pack a powerfull CPU and a low range GPU (it is like a AMD 5300 or intel XE performance)  Chromebook are like this since a while and Microsoft was working on it since 2 years with qualcom. Note that qualcom has a 48 core server grade CPU based on ARM.
The M1 has literally improved the quality of my life lol, and I'm not even exaggerating. I haven't yelled at my laptop (which is rare) or had the urge to throw it out of the window while running chrome with a bunch of tabs open and 4k video playing in the background ever since switching to an M1 MacBook Pro. The rainbow beach ball of death has yet to make an appearance, even when i'm running some performance intensive tasks/applications. And the battery life... It's freakin insane. I was not expecting this level of performance at all. Apple has truly outdone themselves. Anyone whose skeptical should really consider test driving an M1 MacBook Air or Pro at an Apple Store or Best Buy if you're able to, just so you can get a feel for how powerful these devices are. It's absolutely incredible. The fact that the cheapest MacBook Air can keep up with the Pro model, and a base model Pro can outperform a fully specked out 16inch Pro and an iMac desktop computer is just mind boggling. Apple Haters really have no legitimate reason to hate right now.   Also, great video. Very informative, and I like how you speak in laymen's terms without using super technical language, which makes it easier to follow along and understand.
Nintendo Switch "Pro" next year 2021 will be more powerful than current Switch...It's can play AAA games in stable 1080p60fps in handheld mode with 7 straight hours max settings
All this hate for Apple here in the Comments section. Sad.  I've lived through the Mac-killer tech punditry predictions. I've lived through the QuickTime-killer tech punditry predictions.  I've lived through the beleaguered-Apple-is-going-to-die punditry predictions. I've lived through the iPod-killer tech punditry predictions. I've lived through the iTunes-killer tech punditry predictions. I've lived through the iPhone-killer tech punditry predictions. I've lived through the Apple-is-wrong-on-Flash tech punditry predictions. I've lived through the iPad-killer tech punditry predictions. I've lived through the AppStore-killer tech punditry predictions. I've lived through all of this doom and gloom since Apple was about $2.00 or $3.00 per share.  Anyway, the point is that no matter what they do, the haters are gonna hate, egged on by the consistently wrong, exceedingly execrable, digital Wintel/Android felaters known as tech pundits such as John C. Dvorak, Ewan Spence, and the almost always ridiculous Paul Thurrott who’ve been prophesying the end of Apple for as long as I can remember. But, you know, they’re unbiased. ;-)   Have a lovely day.
Excellent video. A journalistic masterpiece even!
Hopefully the desktop will finally get out of the Intel/AMD duopoly we had for decades.
You can say that Apple took the *RISC*
When I was 18 year old learning instruction set and pipelining, I made a RISC pipeline and a CISC pipeline for a complex instruction set. I just found RISC pipeline was more complex but still faster with a 8 band pipeline. I actually thought I made a mistake that time... But now I realise, it was a wasted opportunity to get into ARM company for work...
I am not really a fan of such overstatements. If there is a product in that category that changed the tech landscape it is the Microsoft Surface line and it did so 8 years ago. Tablets with physical keyboard are nothing new. ARM based notebooks are in existence for an entire year now (Microsoft SQ1). Apple has that boring habit to join the party when all tech is already there. Current chip manufacturing processes made high power low energy chips possible and all current flagship chips are capable of powering notebooks and PCs. For years now we have the most powerful supercomputers designed on ARM. In my opinion Apple as trillion dollar company has a huge Research and development problem and being that influential is actually impeding technological progress. Apple is a busyness venture of the 21th century with the tech understanding of the 20th century.
What about the 99% of programs compiled for a x86 target architecture? ARM emulation kills performance, and honestly is less performant - the ISA has less instructions...
@ColdFusion Dagogo Do a video on Whitehat Jr!! It's an Indian company thats scamming parents with unrealistic dreams.  People please like my comment so it reaches the top
Love this guy review wonderful
Bit premature to make it out as a massive change but sure... Definitely not part of a very long movement
I've always been a never-Apple person.  I don't like being dictated to.  They may have just changed my mind.
revolution, finally..
🤯
i'm sad because i recently purchased an expensive intel laptop with alot of space for upgrades
Intel has no one but to blame themselves for the debacle. Monopolistic behaviours strangle innovation. 10 years ago, i just assumed everything was powered by intel chips. It baffles me to this day that intel (the largest chip maker at the time) DID NOT venture into mobil chipsets. Thats just pathetic.
yes! I am definately exited for what comes next!
Now if Apple resolves their 'us only', 'no repairs allowed', 'planned obsolescence particularly via short-life non-removable batteries'  issues....  And their terrible DRM and also app store censorship (and can only get from app store).
https://youtu.be/9nh2NSLgaII  This is the 2012 video comparing phone and pc.
Goodbye my old friend Intel..  Hello my new friend ARM🙌
In the video, he sometimes says (during the early days of ARM,)ARM has low power consumption and then he immediately puts a question " why ARM/RISC is very effecient?". I can't understand why low power consumption means effecient, I always thought effecient means an increase in processing power/ decrease in processing time. Am I wrong ? Can someone please clarify
I really hope there is a company out there that can successfully move this type of performance into a PC (NOT Apple).  I love what Apple has done for ARM, but I do NOT like them as a company.
For my AP Computer Science I did my ap project on the development of risc, siting how important it was and how big it would be in the future. I can’t believe I got that right.
An excellent analysis!
Most efficent chip in the world, oh by the way if anything breaks in the phone, you have to throw the entire thing away and buy a new one!
Bring on RISC-V, an open source risc processor.  Arm is proprietary, and was just bought by Nvidia.
Great video as always, thank you for making great contents, Dagogo.
fuck charging
Great presentation! This helped me understand why smartphone prices are generally going up, while PC prices are going down in general. Obviously there are some exceptions, but until know I didn't understand why there are people willing to pay $1200 for a phone when one can build or buy a hella PC for that
Apple says that Windows 10 can also run on the M1 chip if Microsoft wants
I know my phone is fast... But it's not anywhere near as fast as my laptop doing basically anything from booting up to converting video so why are iPhones faster than Apple's own Desktops? My phone also is nowhere near as good at running games compared with my laptop either. A great example is GRID Autosport which runs maxed out at 4K60 with full 8xmsaa which no phone can accomplish. So how are iPhones (which can't do this either) faster? I'm really confused by this whole video.  Not upset that ARM is making it into more laptops mind you just not understanding the hype surrounding the Apple-centric launch of ARM-based machines.
Intel hates 2020 the most
I hope apple will manufacture CPUs for Desktops
As a stupid and blind iSheep from 2009 til 2018, I left Apple after realizing their greedy business philosophy by keeping users stay tech-ignorant to imprison them in that ecosystem. However,  I left Apple with a slightly more enlightened mind regarding technology, I still have to admit that their products are kinda fine,  just not extremely excellent as the iSheeps think. And to be honest, now with the M1 chip, without any bias or favoritism, I think Apple has taken its first step to 'redefine Computer' just like they did with mobile phones in 2007 with the first iPhone. The x86 architecture brand like AMD reeeaaallly need to step up their game somehow.... oh, and Intel... just forget it.
This is a great video, I highly enjoyed this
I know this doesn't have anything to do with the video, but I would like to share these questions and this message with as many people as possible.   1. What do you think happens to someone after they die? 2. Do you think there is an afterlife?  3. If heaven exists, how do you get there?  4. Would you be good enough to get into heaven?   Here are a few questions to see if you are a good person:    1. How many lies have you told in your whole life?  2. Have you ever stolen?  3. Have you ever used God's name in vain? 4. Jesus said that "whoever looks at a woman to lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart" (Matthew 5:28). Have you ever looked with lust?  5. If you have broken any of these commandments, would you be innocent or guilty on Judgment Day?  6. Would you go to Heaven or Hell?   The Bible says that "all liars shall have their part in the lake which burns with fire and brimstone" (Revelation 21:8) and "Those who indulge in sexual sin, or who worship idols, or commit adultery, or are male prostitutes, or practice homosexuality, or are thieves, or greedy people, or drunkards, or are abusive, or cheat people — none of these will inherit the Kingdom of God" (1 Corinthians 6:9-10). So, if you are guilty of any of the ten commandments, then you are in trouble when Judgment Day comes! Do you know what God did for guilty sinners so that we wouldn't have to go to Hell?    2,000 years ago, God became a human being, Jesus of Nazareth, who suffered and died on the cross for our sins and rose from the dead on the third day, defeating death. The punishment that we deserve for breaking God's law, Jesus took in our place. He paid the fine that we could never pay so that God can legally set us free by forgiving our sins. He is just, by punishing evil through Jesus’ death on the cross, while being rich in mercy towards us.    What you have to do is repent, or confess and forsake your sins, and trust alone in Jesus Christ. Don't trust your own goodness, because, as Jesus said, “No one is good — except God alone” (Mark 10:18). Trust alone in the savior. The moment you do that, God will forgive every sin you have ever committed and grant you eternal life, and He will give you a new heart with new desires, so that you will love to do what is right. You will be born again. But you must repent and trust in Jesus.    When are you going to do that?   Here is a short Christian movie on this subject and depression: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcqxzXMRGoc
I love your videos. These 27 minutes feels like 5 minutes!
Can we make hybrid chip, so the predencessor of Mac switched to M1? Hah Apple is too stingy Anti Trust allegations correctly tell us that Apple want a monopoly.
They could change the industry by not f*cking over their customers and independent repair shops.
Hi, pls check out AMD 4800U (15w) chip, maybe M1 is not hyper as that?
Uh... didn't this already happen a couple years ago with NON-APPLE laptops??? Apparently so way back in 2017. https://www.theverge.com/2017/12/5/16734402/windows-10-arm-snapdragon-laptop-hp-asus-lenovo-hands-on This computer launched two years ago and is powered by the same SoC found in the Samsung Galaxy S8! https://www.asus.com/us/2-in-1-PCs/ASUS-NovaGo-TP370QL/  Another case of Apple inventing things that already exist?
You fell into the RISC marketing delusion. RISC is very much a marketing term and not a computer science name since the original designed coined by Paterson (Berkeley RISC machine) never reached market and the closest sibling is MIPS which is on life support. Let's be honest, modern ARM is not RISC as it sports complex instructions, most of which take several cycles to execute. Moreover, the modern superscalar OoO cores (Cortex-A series) make heavy use of micro-sequencing. Patterson’s definition of RISC focused on the reductions which isn't the case with modern ARM.
Do you think there will be apple chips in server side computing in near future ?
At 17:16 I was like WTF
Great video!
Personally I don't believe AS will be that big of a deal because of RISK-V will leave it in the dust.
Who is gonna be the next company that will outperform Intel? Nvidia? Bitcoin? My grandma?
Think about it, If Intel would have agreed to make x86 chips for the iPhone then the iPhone we know today would have never existed. The "x86 iPhone" could never have achieved such power efficiency and sleek design as we find today in an iPhone, rather it would have been all bulky, slow and power hungry.
As usual, started a Coldfusion randomly blown away at the end. Awesome 👌
I recently bought an intel laptop.
This is going to be the darkest day in laptop market. Now apple is going to charge whatever they want like they did with iPhone. This means windows laptop price is going to shoot like android phone. Good buy budget laptops.
Actually Intel and AMD both translate Cisc into risc ... So it's no point in going for Cisc anymore. Cisc were useful becuase that was the time when CPUs were not so fast. But in today's time CPUs are so much fast that no need to put extra afforts at the cost of battery consumption.
But what IS the advantage of an x86 chip? Why would Intel even keep using this technology? Where is the advantage of the complex instruction set if the chips are not able to process "complex" tasks faster?   Or: What are complex tasks if editing and exporting a 4K HDR video isn't?
watching this while using my new macbook pro that i bought today
Intel : hold my 14++ nm chip.
RISC it for the biscuit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQIBjGOou8U
Great video and overall review of the current Apple chips! Bravo!
It's also kinda monopolise market and after witnessing Huawei situation I would be glad to see open source Risc V architecture everywhere
Apple's computer/laptop business continues to wallow ... what was hot and growing a decade ago.. has GONE FLAT .. why?  Price & Performance, pretty simple .. ditched my Macs.. and switched back to Intel / Microsoft machines last year. Sitting here with a 49" ultra widescreen Samsung monitor, water cooled i9-9900k 8 core processor,  nvidia geforce rtx 2080 ti graphic card, a REAL clicky key keyboard, muli button configurable mouse... much more..   all for well under $5000, and NO equivalent productivity from Apple.
As always this channel never disappoints
When they first announced the transition I was in doubt this was a good idea. However, I now think this is propably a good move. ARM Chips are REALLY kicking off and just kill x86 performance at low power.  Of course there are HUGE problems with changing archeticture, but if one company can pull it off, it's Apple. Their caged ecosystem has in that particular case really an advantage.  Sure, cross compatibility is more an issue then, and maybe some programms and games won't be ported. But most devs that programmed for apple in the past will move on and since their Devices will support iOS Apps, that transition is propably going to be relatively smooth.   Let's see how all of this works out. And MAYBE one day the architecture change will happen on other PC plattforms as well. Tough the transition there would be pretty harsh, edgy and with ten billion shittons of problems.
My MacBook Pro 2019 running hot of just watching your awesome videos.......... no joke!   Thanks Apple for changing for greater and good!      Stay Safe
New MacBooks are already out, out here in India, in a week.
Apple put out these "low end" chips and just laughed at Intel. When their pro versions come out, it's game over.
And by the way. Apple is not only way out of line with its prices now. It always has been crazy high and not worth the money. Well, it is a great first computer for the illiterate but nothing of worth for the educated. Now though it is a locked down piece of equipment that spies on you. People in the know choose AMD for power, price, privacy, upgradability, and repairability. Let Apple attract the newcomers with fancy headlines about being revolutionary, virus free, and just sooo cool.
Wow, as you pointed out RISC has been the future since the early 80s. And yet we still see AMD is much faster than Apple's new chip.
What does this mean for bitcoin mining?
At their peak, things like to reverse into the opposite of what you thought you were getting. The CPU went from a complex, high-power, generalist architecture, with many suppliers.  To a more simple, low-power, specialist architecture, monopolized by a single supplier. The switch to mobile a necessary coping strategy for the breakdown of Moore's Law.
return of the mac?
I feel the urge to sell my Intel stock after watching this.
Can it run high end PC industry?
Apple should run for president 👀🤣
Is that some computerphile footage I see ? 🧐
What competition maybe monopoly...
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. Netflix needs to get on the CF train. Amazing production and research Dagogo. I couldn’t make it any better myself.
Intel:I don't think I will Apple:*in Thanos' voice* Fine I'll do it myself
As a person that was working in the tech industry for many years, you made an amazing video thank you
Steve would be proud of the current Apple.
The Last Mimsy should've read "ARM inside", not "Intel inside" ...
lol intel share prices are going to fall and dump to death
I would like to see a Nintendo switch type  design, Slide your phone one the side of a 27inc screen and have both a desktop gaming pc and a phone in one
lol
Samsung was already doing this stuff already, just the other way round. Giving its users a desktop within a phone using Samsung Dex. I just wish they put more effort into and making more apps that are supported. But you can get a Dex Pad and plug in USB's, External displays, and even a LAN cable. And use the phone as a computer by plugging in a Mouse, Keyboard and an External Display
competition is very good but don't think intel is dead, they will definitely come back. Anyways, i'm happy that there's no monopoly in CPU segment
all good and great but i would never get into the apple ecosystem knowing that I will only be seen as a product. I am happy with my PC and android. Thanks but no thanks
You know Apple must’ve taken to heart all those years MacBook pros are shit on just because they’re a lot slower than the PC laptop counterparts it’s a win for a for apple good job he going
Super good video , informative as hell keep up the work guys ✌🏻
Regarding the iPhone export Vs the Mac. Forgive me if this is wrong for being a tech novice but if you use a different file type the Mac would handle it better and is therefore more flexible. Where's you said the iPhone has hardware acceleration just for that often used file type.
That title is serious clickbait -- in a good way! (Now hush, I'm watching the video!)
I’m just wondering what drawbacks this architecture has? Why there were almost no applications of ARM before, since this technology is a forty years old. I have a recollection of Microsoft putting the chips with ARM architecture and developing a Windows RT, but it failed drastically since almost no one wanted to develop apps for RT.
Intel might have to actually make some effort with AMD and now Apple completely overtaking them.
Intel did get f*cked good this year
RISC he to ISHQ hai..😂😂🤣
Thanks so much for explaining this so clearly Dagago! Was always wondering about the origins of ARM and you really showed it so well. Seems like forever it has been thereabouts in the industry threatening great things but Apple looks to have pushed it to true greatness.
Two instructions LS RS.
change your mic plzzzzzzzzz
ColdFusion: Grab some popcorn.  Me from poland: is pierogi and water fine?
i specifically bought an intel mac 2 months ago because i mostly use numpy, machine learning etc. and Intel MKL is very important to performance. now even the "unoptimized" M1 chips seem to be better than that.. FUCK why didn't i wait
So excited for the future. But i hope we will get to see similar or better arm chips from other manufacture too and not have the apple monopoly.
That a dream for all digital nomads and full time travelers. Only need a phone and a portable screen. Saves so much space!  I will probably wait for that to come, until I upgrade my laptop a dell xps 9560
amazing
Love these videos! So informative.
Great video but a lot of people have misconceptions about arm and x86 and that arm is just enharently more efficient, it can be but architectural designs rather than instruction sets have much more of an impact - like the fact that most consumer arm soc’s are on a “big little design” a design built entirely around efficiency, intel intends to use the same design to compete with arm for its mobile processors, and will also add more accelerators (as they have already had some on their chips for years now). Also intel is 2 nodes behind, this is another huge disadvantage for efficiency - arguably larger than anything else mentioned and an equally large hinderance to performance. Intel has their own fab to build Apple just uses TSMC’s fab along with AMD - TSMC currently has the smallest nodes in the industry so it’s a huge advantage. If AMD dropped down to 5nm as well it’s current processors on their current architecture would be twice as efficient - this wouldn’t be far off from Apple - and if they integrated a similar big little design I’d imagine it would be pretty competitive. But AMD is just beginning to switch it’s attention to the laptop space, so this could take time.
What an incredible video, I have learned so many things from it. Keep up the good work.
This change won't happen in Windows/Linux side anytime soon, mainly for two reasons :- 1. Unlike Apple that saves huge cost by making their own chips for their systems, Qualcomm doesn't have such large incentive to produce anything drastically superior than their smartphone chips. Samsung still needs a lot to catch up to with its chips. 2. PC OEMs won't completely get rid off their Intel and AMD laptops. They will rather provide alternative ARM laptops to consumers who want them. This, in turn, will lead to a very similar situation with the smartwatch market where Qualcomm won't make better chips because of smaller market share and the whole industry lags behind generations because of that.  In conclusion, I think we will see see the impact of this on windows side at a much slower rate than what is hyped.
All this and yet Apple can’t figure out how to put a touch screen on its Macs 🖥 💻  smh 🤦‍♂️
i have an amd desktop
Bye bye Intel. Bye bye AMD. May you rest in peace.
Eh, I've had better
I really dislike Apple for the way they do business. Especially the way they control consumer behavior essentially turning their customers into zombies. For me, it's Android for life.
Wow Intel! You guys are really sleeping, lol! I am soo loving this new tech advancement!
5:12  x86 comes from the 8086 instead of the 486 shown in the image   (but in practice, the industry adopted the 8086 variant, the cheaper 8088)
Do you read Hacker News?
14 nm vs 5 nm
I really wish all engineering softwares migrate into ARM based mac!
What's the big deal? Next year it's gonna be outdated
Shame about the impossible to ignore privacy concerns that might expedite the destruction of western culture. But yes, fast CPU go brrrrr lol
Looks like the RISC payed off.
It’s exciting to see something so game changing happening right in front of our eyes. The biggest excitement in a long time is AMD being competitive again but apples new processors are very interesting, I can’t decide if I want to buy a new apple machine now or wait for the next generation of machines to be released.
Arm is certainly the future. The biggest thing holding it back from disrupting the desktop market in the past was a lack of software support and poor emulation. Arm was inevitably going to eat into the desktop space because of RISC's unique ability to be super-efficient and so it took the mobile space (Where battery life is critical), then it took the supercomputing space, and soon after, began eating the server space (Where power usage and temperature/cooling are critical).  I'm still blown away but just how powerfull my £50 Raspberry Pi 4b is when overclocked, and that it is the size of my hand. Outperforming both laptops and desktops that are 6x the price.  That being said credit has to go to ARM for their style of licensing architectures rather than selling the final product, which really pushed industries towards Arm over the traditional x86_64 market of only AMD and Intel selling their finalized products.  But as many people point out in the comments, we would not have been here today if it wasn't for Intel's complacency and downright incompetence.  Even with AMD's massive innovation to X86_64 CPUs in recent years, the fact a 3950x workstation desktop can be beaten by an Arm laptop really shows that CISC as a design is inherently flawed and that RISC was always going to be the future.   And to go back to my first point, it was the lack of software support holding it back from desktops, but with Apple making this move, everything changes, we should see rapid software development for Arm desktops applications very soon. As someone with a distaste for Apple, I have to say this was a move I love.  Great content, keep it up :)
after apple can do it, what is stopping the whole industry from collapsing from ARM emulation since they know it can be done.
Intel is probably DEAD inside. #Intel_Inside.
When ryzen 5000 arrives.. Everyone will fly
Is the narrator the same guy at 'football made simple'
"It seems that everyone hates apple these days." - Liked XD
Thank you for amazing video!
do you believe that intel is falling far behind AMD as well
My laptop suddenly started to feel old and sluggish. Intel is dead. x86 is dying. Hopefully AMD  and others will catch up in the ARMs race, because I really don't want to bite in to the Apple business.  It used to be that already the basic applications took all the power the computers had in their reserves. CPU manufacturers couldn't just jump ship and start doing ARM, because some of the software people used the most would've required emulating x86 instruction set and that would been a temporary step back in the responsiveness of the most common apps. Now during the past decade the CPUs have finally reached a point where the most common applications take only fraction of the computers resourses. That's when it would've been time to make the transition into the better ARM architecture, because emulating x86 instruction set to run legacy software wouldn't have seemed any slower for the user anymore. Apple did this transition while Intel and AMD were too busy captaining the sinking ship. And now we're all fucked. The company that's basically making fun of their idiot customers by overpricing everything now holding the scepter in CPU manufacturing.
We need those portable gaming beasts oooh my !!!
Anyone know the music at @12:00 pretty please?
Great videos,  you guys at Cold Fusion!   Would you like to do a video on real honest cold fusion?  We have been self- running cars and houses for years, and will have a simple room heater with COP of 5 on the market within 8 months from now.  Lets make a win/win deal! For everyone!   Email us at wits2014@yahoo. com No spaces
AMD VS Intel ❌ AMD VS Apple ✔️
it may have the fastest performance and longest battery life, what goods will it be to average consumer when the price will be the highest
literally all i see is intel stock down apple go up    money prinnnerr go brrrrr
Maybe apple is gonna be worth the cost in a few months/years
If apple holds the rights to this chip, future laptops will be anything but cheap.
What's gonna be the technology overtaking ARM? We'll see in ten years time I guess
SoC was always the more cost-effective solution of professional computing tasks.
The rise of arm is with Nokia
Great video. I'd forgotten that ARM came out of Acorn and didn't know the acronym. I'd mention LLVM that separates compiled software from the hardware and instruction set, meaning backward compatibility with CISC instruction sets were no longer needed and any new software can run on any processor making Apple's switch easier.
What if Apple started making game consoles as well
i don't know man, intel may be dead but AMD might just be able to compete. AMD has made a deal with samsung for producing radeon graphics for mobile. Maybe they can slowly transistion to mobile too.
Raspberry Pi is more powerful than most PC brands out there. No offense
Very exciting times for computing
Intel have lost the game
So next its gona be M1 vs AMD
Its ok to ridicule apple... most people cant afford it any way
This all sounds like gaslighting.
You can say apple took Risc and ARMed themself
What I need is just GPU for running all AAA game
This single video is far better than all the other reaction videos combined.It gives more insight and in depth analysis of what actually happened how it happened.
Most MBAs shouldn’t be a CEO in product or tech companies without a strong product sense/technical understanding. They can only see numbers but not beyond that with lack of technical knowledge on what is possible.
its all about the philosophy
Intel is already beaten by latest AMD Ryzen and now Apple also beat Intel. Intel has to come up with more efficient and powerful chip to compete with these companies.
Excellent Video
25:08 that's remind me of some one from tech tips!
I am using a PC with i5 6400 and a Mobile with SD 720G. I feel My Mobile does many things faster and efficiently than My PC. I can feel it in games that are developed for both PC and Android where the difference is marginal. I wish ARM's growth continues (not just within Apple's chips) and We all benefit from it.
very informative
Apple Silicon looks insanely promising. Apple will probably even have much more powerful chips pretty soon considering the M1 chip is pretty small and just use 10-25W! It's insane that it almost have a more powerful core than my Ryzen 5900X lol, and just using like 1/6 of the power. The future is looking interesting!
this mean intel days are numbered.
This dude could make a video about plumbing sound all sinister and secretive
Can I buy a license to use your music for streaming? I just love listening to it.
Yata yatu yata
ARM technology was a great disruption in processor universe and apple took the opportunity to evolve it.
another great episode, so sad that you no longer upload it in a podcast format to apple podcast :(
So intel is going to be history...
YE ANCIENT DT/dالم
Dagogo's voice is really soothing. These videos sound like bedtime stories for techies.
So I bought Nvidia shares when they took 90% control over ARM a short while ago. The balance of 10% owned by Softbank. Although I bought for longer term , I'm surprised they haven't shown much movement based on the disrupter claims. Good time to buy more shares before market wakes up to increased demand?
Exciting. I'll ever switch to Apple, but so glad they pulled this off to boost competition.
To be honest, Intel kinda forgot how their man business works, so it's pretty easy for Apple to beat them with ARM.
SORRY I DID NOT GIVE YOU THE 386SX BACK THEN THEREFORE YOU IS RENK 1 OR RENK 2
The biggest moment in computing history, in the last 10 years or so.
That Apple v Intel graph at the beginning was stunning
Not investing on R&D is investing on self-destruction
Intel I got 99 problem
I'm gonna make my own processor based on 'LEG'
Can't wait to see what Apple does with their Macbook pro 16 inch next year, never been this excited for a Mac ever before .
how could you leave AMD out of the equation.. they play a big role in all this..
RIP intel
Now all Apple has to do is making their laptops good value, I switched from MacBook Pro so Windows because I wanted 4K touch screen, i7 CPU and storage space at an affordable price. Once MacBooks are better value then people will adapt more.
Consumer can't win under apple hehehe
It just costs 999$
buy puts on intel #wsb
Intel is just a walking L at this point. AMD and Apple chips have taken over
I run an AMD Ryzen Epyc-Rome, 32 core [64 thread] desktop system and you'd need to pry it out of my dead hands. I wouldn't urinate on an Apple device if it was on fire.
Intel vs. AMD video?
No offense but taking the opinion of Ijustine on this was irrelevant, she would like a turd if it had the apple logo on it ...
would be funny to have 386 dislikes :)))
I love the videos about tech disruption
Extremely good video. And you're right, people need to learn to ditch fanboy vibes and appreciate leaps in technological progress like this. Anytime this kind of things happens, everyone can benefit in time. It's ace!
8:30 Did anybody noticed what this guy said?! Holy crap! How?
I'm just waiting for the day ARM will be able to run GTA 5 ... That's all
These what i wanna know..how, why, what, who and when. Linus, should watch this.
The camera sucks butts on MacBooks tho 😓
Your content and delivery, always high Quality.
It doesn't matter how good their product is, I'll never buy Apple because they're anti-consumer.
While what Apple did is great, Intel has been sitting on their asses for a long time. It's inevitable someone is going to best them at so-  *AMD has entered the building*
Apple going to get lot of profit .
Neat video, has helped me understand what my mates are always talking about 😅
no wonder nVidia bought ARM. It'll be interesting to see what they do going forward..
I have been telling this to everyone who shit on Apple stop innovating just because they stop putting gimmicks like Samsung and other smartphone makers. Apple has grow in a mature state where core innovation is the key. not the gimmicks.
RISC-V... Things will change and fast; intel's and apple's business models will probably fail.
X86 here’s some wood build a house  ARM here is some wood cut ten pieces into 6 foot lengths lay them along the foundation and insert nails with this hammer exactly 5 inches apart one inch above the blue middle line  Well here’s how they work in super simple idiot terms hope it helps someone and this is why arm works so much faster and efficient it takes longer to develop for but in the long run it performs way better because it is guided with a rope and training wheels where with x86 it just says here’s a bike have fun
I am excited about the present. Getting ready to buy the Air :)
It's sad to see AMD only mentioned once in this whole video, and just as _"another chip maker"_ at that
Amazing documentary, yet again! Thanks man!
Now the question comes will Apple makes these chips available for all the manufacturers or it will be just an apple products exclusive
"Apple is reducing their App store cut from 30% to 15%" This is true, but only for the first $1,000,000 of profit, anything exceeding $1M is still charged at 30%.
the thing is: M1 has hardware accelerated translation for x86 so not all instructions need to be translated in software. I hope there will be other companies building desktop-class consumer arm chips.
Never been so excited for the future of macs! Btw, thoughts on TSM stocks anyone?
Not only did intel got Hit by Apple , They were also beaten by AMD Ryzen at the same time lmao ..
Windows boys in a few years: Apple can you let us have your cpus for games?  (including me)
Is Apple creating the ARM chips itself or are they buying them from a chipmaker? They should start selling these chips. A new era for pc's.
Samsung makes chipsets? Y are they using the snapdragon? Also you generalize saying people will want this. Maybe I like having a more powerful pc
Apple lowering fees only for small developers.
This should be the big go signal for AMD and intel to reconsider using or developing their own ARM CPUs. AMD has a bigger chance than intel at this point since intel is very slow with their progress.
Cold fusion is like the arm chip with all x86 market!! Making a bang for buck documentaries!!! Thank you
No mention of AMD? Wasnt ARM recently acquired by NVIDIA? Should we expect them to start making CPUs and soon be competing with Apple as the leaders of the industry as desktop computing moves to ARM, while AMD and Intel get left behind? AMD, under Dr. Su, might move fast enough, but Intel seems to be stuck somewhere in 2010s.
I really like android and pc more but this is pretty interesting
straight off the bat the first 4 sentences were nonsense... FFS U use to be such a good channel......
with that much money it's justified
You focused on intel to much. Intel is getting surpassed because they got lazy and didnt inovate enough. They stuck on 5/6 years old 14nm technology while their competitor AMD already exploring 7nm technology , they already have a roadmap for 5nm too. Challenging x86 in desktop market will be very very tough for ARM because it already has a very big applications library. Also i am hopping you will make a content about amd's raising to challenge intel .
I can remember back in the very early 80ts I made a fully homemade machine language computer "1001, 1FF0" and just made dots move around on the old black and white TV screen.. I thought I was pretty shit hot back then...   Boy have I been left behind !!!!!!
This is by far the best video I have watched on this subject. I have watched the Apple Silicon videos of all the tech YouTubers, but this is pretty much the only video to lay out the history, the previous situation, performance gains, and reviews from independent sources. Thank you, Cold Fusion.
I wish Apple gets Dagogo his own M1 Mac even though he said he's a windows user, Cause this video gives some quality Vibe🏌️‍♂️
that why i able to play GTA san andreas on my iphone 5g. thanx appl
Great in depth analysis and observation. Thanks.
More interested in AMD. Even the most hardcore Intel fans & AMD detractors I know of are switching to (or planning to switch to) AMD. This is unbelievable!!
17:00 doesn't storage play a part here as well? For all I know he can be using an HDD in that MAC  :P
Great video, very informative
It took over a decade, but I'm now an Apple fanboy. INSANE.
Don't you feel that we want moduler device but we r loving non -moduler device
I’ve been a fan of apple products since iPhone 5. What bothers me the most right now is that the new iPhone‘s don’t come with chargers and headphones. They claim it’s to cut on carbon emissions but we all know why did it. So that people have to buy their accessories separately. For me that’s a big turn off ..
Intel was bound to be disrupted at some point. I knew that someone will use ARM one day to hit them really hard, I didn't think it would be so soon.
It isn't that Apple did something amazing, its that Intel didn't bother advancing for 5+ years, meaning Apple caught up
Seems everyone beat intel to the pulp. Apple, ARM, and AMD punch and kick intel to the ditch
Amazing video.
Sorry, but that's not how it works. You do not compare fucking RISC and CISC. They are completely different instruction sets for different purposes. Comparing ARM RISC and Intel x86 CISC is idiotic. Some tasks far prefer CISC over RISC, you're acting as if RISC replaces CISC. Games for example favour CISC far more. And apple M1 is legit cringe. Also, putting a chip with less TDP then what it's supposed to run makes no sense, then you complain that it's slower and generates alot more heat. Like, just why?
Completely agree with you on the last part and wish more people understood this , especially people who worship one brand and hate another , competition is only good for consumers and we must appreciate every advancement upholding moores law .
why can't Microsoft do the same or even better?
The M1 isn't a CPU, its a SOC and I don't think you understand any of this tech and I am sure none of the "review community" do either. Great production values but the lack of technical background is obvious.
I can imagine the very tense high level meetings that are happening at Intel right now 😂
Thanks Intel to reject Apple in the first place, without the rejection, Apple would not come this far alone.
ARM based 2.5D and 3D chips are the future.
Yes, But not yet. This will take some time.
And no one realized apple cpu has larger cache
2012 I remember that Note Video as a desktop PC! How time flies..
Is intel the "next Nokia"?
Nvidia bought arm guess what nvidia doesn't like 🍎 lol
RISC hai toh Ishq hai 😂
Thank you for explaining these things. Now I'm confident and gonna get M1
This video is so interesting and fascinating to know how far ahead Apple thinks. Loved it a lot
25:06 ugh... Linus... 😂
Time to switch to macs Dagogo?
Arm is the future , the day I bought the iPhone 5s  I could already feel it because it was the firs64 bit mobile chip running on low power. We used to discuss the advantages of arm based chips over the chips running our laptops during college. We can already see the difference of smoothness in operating systems in a mobile phone or a laptop.
"This episode isn't a recommendation to buy any of Apple's products. In fact, I'm a Windows and Android user myself". Annnnnd you already got my thumbs up.  Though to be fair you pretty much had it at "Hi, welcome to today's episode of ColdFusion".
I wouldn't believe apples claims with this chip. I wouldn't buy the first generation of this either
It's chip architecture and ecosystem control that makes m1 a success
Arm vs 86 was a Tesla vs Edison moment for cpu industry
One ex-employee of intel once gave us a guest lecture few years back and he was pretty sure that the intel will be the market leader for next decades.  But after one year from the lecture, AMD ryzon came and now this. 🖖
The detailed background in your content is always holistically correct and informative. How do you reasearch about a selected subject? What all channels of information do you rely upon?
Superb!
The bigger view is how this would help AI development
Great video, thank you!
3:59 in regards to A14. No, single core performance is irrelevant these days. https://gadgetversus.com/processor/apple-a14-bionic-vs-intel-core-i9-10900k/ https://gadgetversus.com/processor/amd-ryzen-9-3900x-vs-apple-a14-bionic/ Yes, it is more efficient, but only because it's a smartphone chip. It's misleading to put it there on the graph.  VS an Android mobile chip: https://www.gearstoday.com/chipset/apple-a14-bionic-vs-snapdragon-875-comparison/ I know the video is about M1, but that bit about A14 rubbed me the wrong way, since phones with that chip are way more expensive than their android counterparts.
Stop saying that Intel's days are gone and that they are a bad company. They had literally invented the integrated chip. They may have been beaten by AMD in the PC segment, but they haven't been beaten by AMD in the laptop segment
I am glad to see Intel getting more competition in this area. It has been needed for a long time.
It's the _Console-ification_ of the computing industry-- and I've been waiting for it for the past 15 years.
You know apple really killed it when even mrwhosetheboss and unbox therapy can't criticizise them
Dotty is hungry https://youtu.be/rOxQBymgj0c
*INTEL OUTSIDE*
Will never go to apple even if i have to use twice much power.
"before i start this episode isnt a recommendation to buy any of apples products. in fact im a windows and android user myself" you dont fool anyone bruh
I used to hate Apple. Not anymore.
Imagine a decade from now...
I bet "Intel's inside" is now on fire.
Who is AnandTech??
It was a 26 min video, I watch it without blinking. You are an amazing story teller.
Next gen coming this summer https://www.macrumors.com/2020/11/18/tsmc-apple-5nm-plus-4nm-chips/
apple is Far from the first this timeacer spin 7 and others is aleady ont he market with a qu
Intel : We don't think it's worth putting our chips in Iphones Apple : So, you have chosen death.
Loved it. You made me sell my INTC stock :)
Is the Nikola video ever coming out?
Apple suckssssssssss
I hope they bring back the 12 inch MacBook
X86 should have died in years ago, It's a messy bloated legacy product. It only exists still to run old software. (You still run dos on it!)  But thanks too advances in risc processors It probably won't be before long we will be able to emulate x86 with some decent speed. That will probably finally help put a nail in the coffin for this dinosaur tech. Note: I'm not Apple supporter, I just hate x86 haha
Recommend. Compress your videos to 5-10 minutes.. 26 minutes is way too long.
One of the best video on M1. Few more pointer I would have liked to see: Why was CISC the preferred type back then - more details on that.. it was shown that CISC is all negative but actually it has many advantages over RISC as well  2: where does M1 lack (technical side of it) like lack of virtualisation.
Tesla and apple are controversial but does impressive things..
This is a truly amazing channel - a perfect example of introducing the cutting edge to the mainstream. So much so, that it often makes me wonder if channels such as yours are the beginnings of a new normal for how education, research, and knowledge in general will be experienced in the future. Harvard, MIT, etc will no longer remain the only repositories of knowledge and research collaboration but content creators could well emerge as the catalyst for its exponential democratization - a RISC model, if you will. :) Anyways - what I'm really trying to say is - kudos for the work! Much, much appreciated.
Can apple now make that perfect 2 in 1 that the market is missing since a long time? Its exciting to think about it. A full mac os in a tablet? That will be perfect..!
It's been 6 years AMD have been holding ARM license... Lisa Su did wonders for x86 with Zen, I wonder what plans she have now on ARM looking at what Apple have done with their M1. Skybridge 2.0?
Intel is now next IBM!
Let's benchmark it against a Ryzen and see how that works out for them.
The biggest mistake in history was believing history is true.
I bet when iphone signed a contract with intel There was a quote on the document that said   " Intel will be pronounced Eye- ntel unlike Iphone  Is - Eye - phone"
I presume nVidia uses X86 as well?
This is a thread not just to intel but  everyone in the industry and I love it. I have never own any mac and I'm sure that's not gonna change anytime soon but I'm getting excited for future of computer processor.   How is Intel, AMD, MICROSOFT, SAMSUNG AND GOOGLE gonna response to apple?
I see: "How Apple Just Changed the Entire Industry" video title I think: 26 min 28 sec of ad
AMD's Ryzens are getting superhits lately and Apple ditching the intel. Intel's golden era is surely over!
Ok I can't wait for ARM gaming PCs or consoles in the future.
this was a WOW video...
Anyone surprised as I am that Apple has failed to honour Steve Jobs by not naming the M1 the Jobs 1 processor?
I just hope that those of us who refuse to use Apple products (because of their locked-in philosophy, especially on mobile) will get to benefit on our non-apple ARM chips.
I always wondered... What if we use SoC chipset on PC
This is why you are so awesome Dagogo.!! More love for ColdFusion TV.!! :)
Intel is going out of business. Thats what’s happening 😂
Team blue is Dead 💀⚰️
you should do a video of the rise and current downfall and history of intel
I don't know why but I get the feeling that the life of M1 Macs would be less or it may not function properly in the long run....
Please do a video on open source hardware... RISC V
Your voice is so therapeutic! It takes me back in time I know I wasn’t a part of 😍
The Compute power these ARM SoC cores possess is still not comparable to desktop grade hardware. They may seem promising but load them with some real compute and it will tell truth. RISC machines also utilize more memories and list goes on.  It's not new, MS had already showcased their products and kernel running on ARM core years ago, laptops and tablets in computex.  It's just ecosystem that has to catch up at the cost of performance penalty to convert intermediate opcodes to machine instructions.  Apple is just another company trying  to get things running more efficiently  but not the first one and not even closer to what it's counterparts have been doing. *looking at surface pro* MS switched back to x64 because of devs not be able to cope up with cross platform compatibility / api. Same goes for any other tech and there are plenty of examples in history to look at.  Bad hardware design, repairability issues, vendor locking there's so much about apple that also needs some attention. It's just another greedy corporate, nothing more, it's legacy died long ago.
Great video. I used an iPad Pro as my laptop is the best, I hate loading times. I have virtually none
So no one is going to talk about the influence videogames have on the computer industry? With the new consoles being x86, I'm not to worried about it becoming irrelevant for at least 8 more years
Why everyone is talking about Apple M1 chip and forgot about Snapdragon 8cx.
I didn't know how big of a deal it is until you made a video about it
stop uploading at 15fps, it's not 2006
It’s no wonder, seeing how prone to overheating the 2017+ MacBooks were. For a laptop where battery and cooling capacities are limited, it’s a no-brainer. Apples desktops will be sure to follow though.
Great video, exiting technology. Thanks.
Happy new year 2020 was not so shitty. Thanks for the video. Amazing performance
Cycles per second. It's not possessive. You don't use an apostrophe. Edit the video.
❤Love from india
Intel if you don’t step up your game you about to die
25:06 Linus . Please take notes
Wow! Well said – I hope everyone got that – Its true as consumer we win at the end of the day- Why cant we enjoy the moment – don’t mater what you use – What matters is if you are happy with your tools (Laptops, Phone, Car & ETC) they are here to make your life easy – don’t matter what you use- Don’t promote brands -
Awesome Thank you
*ColdFusion:* Can't we just enjoy the progress being made *Comment Section:* AAhaHa I makE Same fUNny apPLe jokE FOR the 1000Th tiME
Moral of the story, If Apple asks you to do something for them just do it else to they will do it BETTER!
But windows was one of the OS which was adopted to the ARM processor I still dont understand how  apple came up with the performance spike
What an amazing documentary. You are one of the best infotainment that the  world has to offer.
me: buys an AMD laptop cuz its faster Apple: Releases M1 AMD:  am I a jake to you
Intel will now go down like ibm. Sell your shares. All other desktop and laptop companies will switch to ARM chips now.
Ok but over the past year 3 different companies heave been exploring this. Apple with its tablet, Microsoft with it's surface and Samsung with all of it's products
Sigh... If I my apple was more repair friendly.
Hmmm. Better protect that R&D otherwise there may suddenly be a fierce competitor rising out of nowhere from half way across the world. Intels probably going to run into financial trouble somewhere down the line and get bought up by Chinese companies if they don't come up with something within the next year.
Mind blowing!
I have got my new MacBook air and I can tell it's faster and much better than anything on the market for that price point suddenly MacBook air became much better value product than any other windows counterpart . Love it . Final cut Pro runs perfectly well
We need a video on AMD
Just waiting for MacBook pro 16 and iMac.
This just shows how intel stagnant its x86, thank god for Apple. I wonder in the future, if Apple decided to create their own screens/monitor. Touchid or camera under the screen will improve.
Can you do a video on Intel's Mobileye?
"COLDFUSION TV"  you are amazing
Didn't Qualcomm achieve this first?
M1 vs AMD vs INTEL HAHAHA M1 NOT GOING TO MAKE IT HIGHER THEN THE OTHER TWO..... M1 is just the CPU, IT IS NOT THE GPU...
I think the macbooks of 2016 and the original 12 inch macbooks were designed on a mind that intel would deliver. That design makes sense now.
I bet Intel has something up its sleeve that will blow everyone away, when they reveal it.  I'm thinking some AI tech or quantum computer tech that's being kept under wraps for now.
love your vids and your attitude
Apple stock stonks
Have heard this from so many Tech youtubers but how #Degogo explains it with proper research and his catchy narrative style. Only now do I believe it 😁
My favorite tech researcher youtuber 🙂
Apple ARMed themselves
Intel reallly need to work hard
the video starts at 4:30.  Just saved you 4 minutes!!
Next video should about future of Intel!
Shows how much of an advantage fabless companies and pure play foundries have. It will push the industry so much farther forward
Funny how in real-world head-to-head tests the "new" CrApple™ ARM cpu did not perform as well as CrApple™ was claiming versus x86 Intel/AMD processors.  Update: "How did CrApple™ do it?" was the question, and the answer - They didn't.   More intensive testing done in just the past week has shown that the CrApple™ M1 CPU does not remotely match current generation Intel CPU's, while the latest offerings from AMD utterly demolish the M1.
Intel , Amd or apple at the end it will be PC who will dominate the market and not the Mac
wow i was about to build a super decked out PC.. but seems like i may just get a macbook air instead!
AMD tried so hard got so far but in the end it dosent even matter
eGPU support is coming soon, I think. _"The lack of support for external GPUs in Apple Silicon M1 Macs may only be temporary, as a connected eGPU is still detected, but doesn't do anything."_ https://appleinsider.com/articles/20/11/22/apple-silicon-m1-mac-detection-of-thunderbolt-3-egpu-gives-hope-for-future-support
🔥🔥🔥🔥
This video has really put the M1 chip into perspective, sounds incredible what Apple have done might have to treat myself to the new MacBook Air this Christmas
Faster than Intel powered Macs..... That's more of a damning statement as to the condition of the software stack on the Intel Macs, than anything special about the M1.
Ad
I hope Apple sells the M1 chip to Windows PC / Laptop makers 😃. Not too keen to get into the Apple's closed garden.
Can I ask an unrelated question?... What is the story behind the diamond in the CF logo and the channel logo?
I'd buy an apple. I want a mac. The only thing stopping me is their anti repair approach.
I'm pretty sure the M1 wasn't done to push the industry, and it was more for the control and screwing over the repair shops then anything else.
Now we need Mac Os Big Sur in the Ipad Pro, that'll be a very good combination
Marketing: "You know, Steve, there's a lot of people out there who need computers but don't know anything about them.  If we pandered to the zero-skill level users, we could cash in on that." S.Jobs: "Make it so."
This was only a matter of time. Intel was sitting on a throne, reaping the rewards of a monopolised industry for so long that they stopped innovating/developing. Instead opting for minor/non-existent performance upgrades and focusing on price gauging being the bread and butter for revenues. Very similar to what was seen in the pharmaceutical industry in regards to Valeant & Turing Pharmaceuticals. The difference being with the latter peoples lives might end instead of not being able to run games/render files which lead to light being shed on the issue and it becoming a hot topic of uproar. Then all of a sudden the US gov is keen to do something about it, after all those boxes were ticked.  Not to mention all the immoral anti-competitive things Intel has done throughout the years to suppress AMD, including anyone/everyone else from succeeding in the field. I'm so happy to see Intel in the gutter if only to collapse and burn for all the hampering of technology, innovation etc, the company truly is the embodiment of corruption and greed. Nonetheless, Apple is not so much the knight in shining armour, they too have some fucked up inexcusable practices like what seems to be common among the worlds top companies. To give an example they recently started lobbying for slave labour (indirectly, in China), the push against right to repair among other things. So while Apple isn't far off at least they try to innovate.  Regardless I don't support either of them and would be happy to see both crumble.  Perhaps you could make a video on Intel and their shady practices/path to becoming the mainstream CPU manufacturer in the desktop sphere.
Thank you :)
Sad for the people who bought the intel macbook in 2020 thinking the ARM would be bad.
Before Apple did major breakthough, M$ did attempted an experiment with first gen Surface tablet but the world was never ready for a big change yet. Then, when M$ working with Qualcomm to provide x86 emulation on ARM chip, Intel reacted like a stupid children.   But when Apple did a major breakthrough in ARM cpu, many will forseeing that ARM is the future of desktop CPU.
14:23 Edit. Galaxy S4 is a 2013 flagship not 2014.
Can't wait for a Macbook Pro with 2 x M2 chips. That would be the sweet spot.
Amazing episode
Excellent video.  You ended it saying “that’s the end of the story,” but I think this is only the beginning!  Think what the M2 will be like!
apple is rotten
Well #x86 has gone the way of the dinosaur... 🤔
Great video man. What an exciting moment!
What about poor AMD.
Mircosoft released an ARM Surface Pro a year ago.
Make video about warren buffet, how he change the investing approach...😁
I've never bought an Apple device, but I'm SO happy about this.  I was born in the early 1980s, and most of my life has been in a world of innovation, including disruptive innovation.  However, it seems to me that this past decade has been the most boring tech-wise, and recently, I have been afraid that Moore's Law died long ago and future improvements may only be slight.  Sure, there is some ray-tracing here and there, and honestly, the most recent graphics cards have been impressive...but aside from that, nothing like the 1990s console race (from Sega Genesis at the beginning of the decade to the Dreamcast before the end of the decade), and the 2000s with Crysis and the iPhone both in 2007, had taken place.  Although 2020 has had lots of challenges, finally, things seem to be looking up for tech.
I'm terrified I might be forced to stop hating apple some day
Good job dagogo. Really highlights how x86 architecture has become harder to improve both power and efficieny wise. But i still dont understand how apples arm could surpass x86. Does the simpler instruction sets cause all the difference?
I wonder who will rise to compete with apples dominance? Perhaps AMD will abandon x86 and seek an ARM license?
Lots of good points in this video about RISC vs CISC, but the advantage goes beyond that.   In the days of DEC VAX CISC chips, in order to test every instruction, every data type, every addressing mode, running at 1 million instructions a second it took a solid month of testing for one pass.   This would slow down the qualification of new designs.   RISC chips could do the same testing in a day or less.   Of course clocks are faster now, but engineering turn-around means a lot.  Secondly, the generation of the proper op codes for a CISC CPU by compilers are sometimes "clumsy".  Having simpler instructions may mean that you generate more instructions, but they have less "overhead".   This was best demonstrated in the ultra-wide instruction set of the Intel Itanium, where trying to keep the pipeline filled was really hard.  Yes, a lot of the operations at the bottom of the stack are "reduced", but you still have the micro-code getting in the way in many cases, which generate more and more specialized instructions that then have to be carried along for backwards compatibility in the future.  One other thing to think about is that in many different computing loads a huge amount of the processing is done inside the kernel and the libraries that come with the system, and are therefore compiled to the native instruction set.   Only a relatively few instructions inside the actual application itself would have to be translated, and there are some translation systems that, once the instructions are translated the first time, the instructions are run "native" from then on.   Some applications are written to run in a virtual machine to be portable, and those you might not see any degradation in speed.  The use of the M1 technology will be interesting in HPC, where heat and power issues are huge.    Titan uses 8.2MW  Let's be generous and say that the MI could cut that by only 1/2 for the same computational power (memory and communications also use power).   But you really have to look at it twice, the power saved in running the chip and the power saved for the air conditioning.  HPC applications are typically not "off the shelf" and are compiled for the native architecture.  Finally,  I would not cut Intel out of the picture yet.  Despite their mistake on the Apple phone Intel is pretty smart (I am not an Intel employee and use all sorts of architectures) and I note that Intel is a partner in the RISC-V technologies.
Foldable can replace computer and be all in one gadget for everything
Your next video should be about RISC-V. A free an open source cpu architecture. It is going to make a big dent in the market.
I wonder if Apple would sell its chips to other parties.  Would be interesting to see Nintendo using Apple chip in its next handheld/hybrid system.
10900k will draw a lot more than 125w in real world use. 200+ is what youd see under full load.
How do you make such good videos?
My preferred channel for tech, thanks Dagogo!
Apple A4 was the first chip design by Apple not A6 please correct that.
Hopefully this will be the impetus for adobe and game studios to make future software for ARM in turn increasing software options on GNU/Linux
You forgot AMD... its newest desktop cpu is 4x faster.... than this. Intel is dead horse.
Already commented, but I have an idea for another topic. I'd like to know if laptops are eventually going to be replaced by phones with Nextdock type accessories? There's already been previous products which were way ahead of their time like the Asus Padfone/Transformer V and Razer's Project Linda, but maybe they're already feasible with Samsung Dex-like interface?
Bro you don’t have to add disclaimers that you’re not encouraging people to buy Apple. Just make your videos how you like.
i guess we will be gaming on ipads and mobile pubg for the future:P
why you making lying apple ads now?
Superior technology doesn’t always make inferior technology obsolete (...same is true for ideas and beliefs 🙃).   *pls forgive my poor english
Super informative video and well layed out, no biased though
You missed also mentioning the advantages of all the bad things you said about iPhones 😏 common thing for apple haters
New thinking, don't cut the outro short
nvidia owns arm. lols. nvidia doesn't wanan do business with apple. LOLs.
125W lost to 5W.  So x86 technology will be as obsolete as vacuum tube technology one day?  Yes I will choose efficiency over performance.
I just bought an ARM 64-bit 4-core computer for $100. The Raspberry Pi 400.
Love them or hate them. Apple are unstoppable. Intel will be the first big tech company to fall from grace in this new decade.
Would be great if Apple would let other manufacturer use their m1 cheap for even more cheaper device.
Whatever ones opinion on apple is, one has to admit that their CPU are amazing. I hope we can on day have such stuff for handheld windows PC like the GDP devices. That would make some crazy good gaming and mobile work devices, all in handheld form.
The big question is when apple delivers a phone that can be docked to display and keyboard and function as a workstation too
Spoiler: Apple has never, ever, changed anything.
Why are you comparing the old prehistoric intel cpu compare an amd threadripper or some other amd processor.
Wow!
Doesn't matter.  I would not urinate on Apple if it was on fire.  In my barn.  One of life's joys is trying my best to make certain that no penny of mine ever ends up at Apple.  I started in the industry selling Apple pcs.  They screwed us and our clients FOR YEARS.  If I was dying and they had the cure I would rather die.
I just want an alienware pc laptop that runs on ARM so I can game in 1080p ultra settings 60fps on a plane trip. Please intel, make an ARM chip for windows
I recently bought a fully-decked-out Mac Mini M1 just to run FCPX and DaVinci on. Oh, and it's roughly $A2k cheaper than the fully-decked-out Intel Mac Mini!
I WANT ONE IN MY DESKTOP RIGHT NOW, WHEN CAN I GET ONE!?   my god.
You have promoted *NVIDIA to party leader
Its what he said at the end of video, enjoy the moment without ridiculing others. 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
X86 is the Internet Explorer of the current era. It sucks compared to the other options, but will still be relevant enough for years to come due to people needing legacy programs. Microsoft did it first with Windows on ARM but was widely panned because "it did not run x86 programs well enough" which, to be honest, wasn't really meant to. I think it was to spur developers to start migrating their apps slowly to that platform. But I guess Apple having full control over its ecosystem has inherent advantages, and thus did it better, making it seem they "invented" PC on ARM. Apple's making it hard for me to curse it to bankruptcy because of its Evil vs Genius philosophy.
I just can think, why to get a pc ever again? (Except gaming.... for now)
Intel is on its way to the grave, but I dont care about ARM or Apple as long as I cant run PC applications on it using Windows. I wont touch Apple product with a ten foot pole...
For anyone else wondering about the nitty gritty of how M1 achieved such a leap in desktop performance, here's what I've found: consider that it's an SoC.  As in, everything is integrated. Most critically, RAM. An M1 comes with 8GB or 16GB (or 32GB?) of RAM (same silicon I think,  not even multi-chip module style?), which greatly reduces the performance cost of memory accesses, if you don't mind losing expandability. Which is enough RAM for most use cases, and a pagefile on an SSD will also mitigate this limitation, but it's something to be aware of.
Power PC Macs were waaaaaayyy better than the crap they put out these days hands down.  I used a late model G4 tower and it outperformed my maxed out 2010 Mac Pro in every regard except for graphics, look up the max specs of that machine. At one point me and my roommate tried to crash it since we ran out of physical memory but it could still operate seamlessly while opening the entire Adobe and Macromedia suites plus 3 browsers. All that without enough memory for a paging file lol.  Enter Intel chips and ughhhhhhh.
AMD has shown that x86 can also be way more power efficient and both architectures theoretically converge towards similar energy efficiency from a certain point on. Moving all existing operating systems and software onto arm is another problem. I highly doubt x86 will disappear from laptops and desktop
Great episode Thank you
I don't know why I'm so happy!
Welcome to the new decade
It’s A-R-M not Arm.
The M1 will be like the first 086 chhips. More to come
Apologies if I missed something in the video, but was AMD not present in any of the comparisons? Shouldn't the main comparison be between AMD's ryzen chips and the M1, since they're the current market leader for consumer x86 productivity workloads?
Microsoft built an ARM based laptop (Surface Pro X with their own silicon) in 2018. Not a peep. Apple comes 2 years late to the game and OMGMOGMOGMOGMMGGG!!!!!!!
For the first time in my life, I want Mac
Amd is shitting on intel right now. Even apple joined the party
Now intel need amd to keep the performance lead
Wow, showing an MKBHD clip. Not to stroke your ego, but I think your videos are far more informative and insightful. Keep up the good work!
Soon enough we as a species will begin moving so rapidly in technological advancements, that it will truely be a new era. But what about our surroundings.
Sorry but you are utterly wrong on performance metrics. The M1 is great but it's not even vaguely in the same ballpark as high end x86 CPUs. This is despite rosetta being hardware accelerated. Comparing different software cannot produce significant results.
Im just thinking of playing Factorio on one of these, jesus
Anyone tell you your name sounds like a tech startup?
The main fear is when everything goes as SOC (cpu, gpu, memory) we could not have easily upgradable PC anymore. It just like buying new phone whenever it became obsolete.  And considering apple ignorance of right to repair movement this could be daunting.
Intel and AMD are shaking right now, Apple have the last laugh 😂 The once ridiculed company for lack of power in their laptops compared to their PC counterparts, is now slowly obliterating the competition. And the M1 is just the start, if Apple continues to deliver this improvements year after year, the M1 Macs will dominate the market in my opinion.
In the past few years Apple has transformed a big bag of money into technology leadership while Intel has transformed it's technology leadership into a big bag of money.
I will watch this 100 times
dawn of superior arm desktop
I've said it, Intel got bent over in 2020 by AMD and Apple just inserted itself into Intel Next upcoming years Intel will dig its grave
Totally agreed with everything you said. However Im not so sure about "the consumers will win" if the tech is coming from pocket-squeezing Apple.  Look at the iphone prices the last 5 years and the app store 30% fees.
GREAT SHOW AGGO   KEEP IT UP
mad props to the people who worked on arms early yrs. if it wasnt for them i prob wouldnt be drawing on a ipad right now <3
I could meditate to your voice
Excellent video as always. Although I personally do think that more emphasis can be put on the ARM architecture in the data centers space, which power consumption and thermal management play a VERY significant role
Companies care about profits more than innovation that’s why war times is when we see the most awesome invention.
So, Mac could finally become a gaming powerhouse?
amazon had arm processors in their servers long a go. In fact, you could rent a arm server for much less  money than their competitors. The fancy thing here is that a fruit based brand promoted that achivement as the ultimate advance made by the industry.
I think reason for apple products to be so overpriced is they invest very heavily on R&D
I love apple.
The latest ARM processors meets Graphene battery technology. That's gonna be a game changer! Talking weeks of battery life!!
Great content!
They need to change the industry again.  Their stock gains have been trash all month.
Apple basically invented the modern touch screen and they don't give it in a form of a laptop with full apps. I hope iPad pro would come this year with M1 chip and big sur+8gb of ram. Would be great using the apple pencil with pro apps
So many people hailing ARM as the second coming - it's an optimized CPU architecture for specific types of applications, particularly mobile. It won't be able to do everything a full PC does now for less "just because"...
arm and intel both use a mix  type of instructions. this was only true long time back
what about the chip made from tesla ? what do you guys think about that ?
I wonder how much Softbank is going to benifit by this.
I’d add a few notes to the history lesson in this video. 1.  Apple was a founding partner of ARM.  The early success of ARM was largely due to Apple using ARM in Apple’s Newton product in the early 90’s. 2.  PowerPC was always a fundamentally better design than Intel’s x86.  The failure was due to the lack of success from the PPC consortium.  Apple ended up being the only customer... during the low point of the Mac platform.  Given Apple’s low market share, neither Motorola nor IBM could justify the cost of making Mac only chips.  IBM continued developing high end POWER series chip for the HPC server market, but these chips would never be suitable for a laptop, so Apple was forced to move to Intel. 3.   ARM chips are indeed very efficient, but in general, they are not very powerful.  The best you can get generically for a Windows PC is Qualcomm’s SQ2.  That is neither a threat to Apple nor Intel.  Apple’s chips are phenomenal because Apple has the best chip design team in the industry.  Nobody else is even close.  When you combine that with an efficient ARM ISA and the best manufacturing process on the planet, you have a winning combination.
Intel's market is receding...
Apple fan boy
Since Samsung provides the chips to Apple, how come Samsung Galaxy phones are laggy.
I soo wished we had the Surface Pro X running M1..
can i game on it?
Although phones are becoming more and more useful, I can't see them replacing computers for many tasks. There are always going to be tasks that are easier to do on a laptop or desktop computer. Phones and tablets have their place and are great for tasks that are relatively simple but writing code, editing videos and more high end tasks are just easier to accomplish on a bigger screen with a proper keyboard.
While I agree with many of your points, triple AAA gaming is something that ARM and Apple is still not optimizing for and it is probably one of the greatest driving forces for processor and graphics improvements
Thanks! I took notes, always...
Dont forget it sends home everything you do so apple can know what/where/when you open anything.
That is so cool!!! I'm so excited to see where we go from here! I love technology!
This is going to change the world of computers, for the better
Fascinating!
I want a full fledged risc-v laptop. 😃
tech savvy people have known for years that this chip revolution would come. the fact that Apple is the one leading this, is what's really surprising. Or maybe not so surprising considering their rebel nature.  It's a shame that Windows will take 3-5 years now to catch up. Intel and AMD stocks will soon go down. NVIDIA shares will go up (once they finish buying ARM) so keep an eye out for that. They will soon have monopoly on all flagship devices. CPUs and GPUs made by the same greedy company...please have mercy on my wallet
Laptop or desktop are stronger by specs but the smoother interface of the handheld devices makes it 'appear' more stronger. Android OS is the solution actually to Microsoft Windows. And Steve Jobs and Apple has long seen exposed this as a weakness had not only been with their Microsoft Office, users would not want to use Windows
Why is the USA outsourcing its chip design to TSMC (Taiwan). We (USA) should have our own Fabs. Havent we learned our lessons yet.
i just feel like desktop and laptop are slowly becoming the mainframes computers of yesterday. For everyday use you can live on a mobile or handheld device. You would only need a desktop if you are a gamer, running complex professional aps for say statistical modelling, professional graphics or architectural design (you get the drill). Even just navigating the OS, handheld are much faster to load and switch between apps despite the desktop having stronger computing power (Android OS vs Microsoft Wndows OS) maybe because the set paramteters used in developing app to limit to a simple and functional interface
3:01 This footage is misleading because there no optimized version of Photoshop for arm chips yet.
I love how in the 80s. they're talking mad tech in the news/television.
I think either you got the date wrong or the phone wrong in the 64bit android phone cold fusion. You said it was the Galaxy S4 in 2014 but the Galaxy S4 was released in 2013 mate. Maybe you're referring to the Galaxy S5?
It will be interesting to see what they can do with new Mac desktops , when power is not an issue. Look at what multi-core ARM server grad chips can do https://youtu.be/KLz8gC235i8
I was thinking of getting a x86 Windows laptop thinking it'll be at-least 2 years for the transition to happen for Apple to get things working right with M1. Never expected this result so soon. Now I'm not sure if I should get x86 Windows or Macbook M1 🤷‍♂️
ARM is about to take over computing, AMD/Intel are doomed. I'm excited about Qualcomm laptops too.
I hate Apple... But I must say it .... WOOOOW!!!!
I've been using Arm laptops for over a decade, Apple could have launched Laptop optimized Arm chips a decade ago if they wanted. Better late than never. The latest Qualcomm 8cx and 8cx Gen2 (also branded Microsoft SQ1/SQ2), they're also way more powerful than Intel, for sure at the per watt level compared. Just one thing, Microsoft and Google need to invest in porting all the most important apps over, and now. Things such as accelerated video editing, where is it at on Win10Arm and Chrome OS on Arm? I'm waiting for it. All Microsoft has to do is pay BlackMagic to port their Davinci Resolve and pay Adobe to port Premiere over to Win10 on Arm, and also support all those on Chrome OS on Arm, they can get that done. Google should also provide all the top productivity apps on Chrome OS for Arm, fully optimized. I feel this M1 will speed up this type of support. It's not like Google and Microsoft don't have the cash reserves available to fund this kind of development. They could "easily" start by optimizing all their in house apps, then fund to recompile all the major open source projects, and make sure they're good enough.
I Can Already See Viral Videos Such As -- "I PLAYED _____(Game) WITH RTX ON MY IPHONE!!!" Popping Up On YouTube, Gaining Millions Of Views.
It's indeed an extinct lifetime to live in
League of legends minimum requirements are for a single core processor.  Idk why people are blown away that an iphone can run it. A toaster could.
prologue of The end of X86
Really enjoyed this. Edu-tainment at its best.
Just one question, if the arm is really have that big potential then why the intel x86 still selling today?? Is the x86 really doesn't have the advantage over the arm?? I'? Really confused and curious?
AMD is surpassing Intel with it's innovations and now Apple is doing it with their innovations! My 7 year old laptop is beginning to fall apart right now and I'm looking at the technology and what I'm seeing is the better 17" laptops with 4K resolution are pretty pricey! I'm hoping that by the time my laptop dies, technology from AMD, Apple and even Intel will bring prices down while keeping performance high with the features we want!
Apple will never become mainstream as long as they have their "walled garden" and closed ecosystem. The only advantage of ARM over x86 is battery life, and look at AMD x86 will catch up fast.
wheres the source for the a12 bionic vs i9? Seems wrong
I would like to see a video where you elaborate the state of AMD
I am not a big apple fan because of how they treat their customers and keep customers so locked.
So, can I install Linux in this fancy MacBook? LOL
I use both Windows and Macintosh; I don't believe in "brand loyalty."
Apple could literally put their logo on some underwear increase the price x5 and people would still buy it. smh. Thats why they keep doing whatever they want with their dumb customers.
Now you need to buy ram, gpu, power supply, case, keyboard, mouse, screen, speakers, motherboard and memory EVERY TIME YOU NEED TO UPDATE YOUR FREAKING CPU All wastes, ok let’s talk environment
I do not regret subscribing to you at all. Thank you for the great and informative content that you put out.
not a single word about AMD?  I mean Apple isn't the only one trashing Intel atm.
Mobility is much more valuable for productivity these days.  I love to take my laptop anywhere and work more efficiently than to be stuck to my desktop 24/7.
Great video !
Gaming is still on x86 architecture and I doubt it will be going anywhere else.
yes sir ,
Awesome video bro. I'm not the biggest fan of Apple but I give credit where credit is due and the M1 is impressive! Also, #RIPIntel
its a game changer alright. within the firmware, 17 apps can circumvent gatekeeper - don't ask why or anything - which provides the simplest and least patchable vulnerability on any platform. It also comes bundled with every trick in the book to get the customer back into the store as soon as is possible. And ARM processors are a fair ways off top of the tree anyway, kindof a mid-tree video
TSMC also deserves some credit. Without them the ARM and AMD chips couldn’t dominate as much.
It's not the instructions that are simple in RISC, it's the instruction set. The set of instructions is reduced and a lot of cruft is removed. Individual instructions can often actually be more complicated than CISC instructions.
Never thought I'd see the day when the word "Grandma" is synonymous with "INTEL".......
“Benchmarking is gay” - Intels CEO
3.2 GHZ 8 core?   *Laughs in i9 Series 10* ?  Seriously, I don't understand how this even compares if it's specs match up to tech that intel was using 10 years ago if the only issue is that Intels instructions are bloated?  Did an apple salesman sucker you into an overpriced iPhone or something?
I’m sorry but even if Microsoft and others adopt ARM (as they already have) they will NEVER be as good as Macs with ARM. There’s simply no way to get THAT good of performance and battery without having full control. As Apple has proven with iPhone - no Android phone in the last 3 years has even come close to it in performance.
What are they so happy about? I can play LoL on any shitty windows laptop.
It's not what you think
I think you were too positive about the M1 chip. It is amazing, and I would love one if I had the money, but it isn't as fast as the top x86 chips.  The M2 will probably be though.
tfw a mac mini with better specs is cheaper than the cheapest windows laptop (in a set range)  with lesser specs..... didnt expect that lol...
HAHAHAHA Not gonna Lie when you said a different companay called "Acorn" I thought it was an ad
Samsung and arm has agreed to work together to make chips for Samsung 😈
There was never any relative of a any kind of x86 in any Commodore PET mate. They used the MOS 6502. In those days there were three main competing chips: Zilog Z80, MOS 6502, and Intel 8080. The 8080 is the ancestor of the x86 and the Z80 was a copy of Intel's chip, but the 6502 was a totally unrelated beast.
This was awesome !
to be very clear, the Apple M1 doesn’t “keep up” with most other desktop PCs. IT WHOOPS THEY ASSES in terms of both performance AND efficiency. ONLY the highest end AMD chips beat it. AND THIS IS APPLE’S FIRST ATTEMPT 🤯
Apple played even more fundamental role in the development of ARM. In 1990 a joint venture between Acorn, Apple and VLSI gave birth to Advanced RISC Machine Ltd (later renamed to ARM Holdings). The first Apple product featuring an ARM processor wasn't the iPod as claimed in this video, but Apple Newton in 1993 - more than 8 years before the iPod actually.
I specifically picked a laptop with a decent integrated GPU. It was the best decision I made.  No compromise for my workflow needs.  And even if it's not a macbook, it's still great.
I think your missing a key point here.  The way the my achives this amazing performance on x86 apps is that they actually have built in hardware acceleration to convert these instruction sets.  This is a radical new way of thinking. It's not just raw power, it's smart design as well.
I would love to see arm linux L1 chip i propose, crowdfunding anyone !!!
Great video, though I'd like to see how AMD factors in this story.
Well im using a asus novago with a snapdragon for 2 years now. And its just a better laptop. Eternal batterylife, no fan noise, super fast with touch snd all native programms. I game and code on my pc and do everything else on my laptop its perfect.
[...] People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware. [...] (c) Alan Kay  -  the biggest merit of Apple is - arguably sometimes misguided - but at least fundamental drive towards cutting of some bloat from entire technology stack. They more or less try to keep house in order and avoid builidng on layers and layers of abstraction. Intel chips are mostly unused by modern software, just like AMD.  Apple has dedicated hardware accelerators for common operation and way to enforce its widespread adaptation by developers, coming from strictly controlled mobile market. Intel and AMD have first part, but lack second. Oh, and Apple outbid everybody else, NVidia included in TSMC. Also - there's ANOTHER matter.  Question is, can Apple keep up the pace and keep up with expectations. Intel, while justly being laughing stock for 14nm+++++ had proven they can gimmick additional gains from old dog.  Once they sort out manufacturing difficulties and go to their version of 7 or 5 nm .... they are still GIANT with enormous revenue and market share.  They might not come back to their glory days in 100%, but we might yet see Empire Striking Back, especially if they find way to sort out software.  So far, new M1 MacBooks are bricked by OS update xD
I’m not even surprised if Samsung Exynos’ chip will surpass Intel’s chip in the next 3-5 years. Lol
We are now in a point in time that Intel, AMD (Build/upgrade your own PC)  and Apple (Buy a whole new system every time) are very close performance wise,  and it will stay that way for many years (upgrades) to come.  Best advice:  Just buy whichever is the cheapest at the time you want/need to buy a computer.
The improvement of the Arm chip if it surpasses AMD Zen3, I would want it. Not necessarily in a Laptop though but if there were motherboards that were compatible in a desktop. The diesign of laptops have always being very low upgradeability and low repairability compared to a desktop. If it was easy to take apart a laptop and swap a graphics card or new CPU etc then I would probably go for a laptop over a desktop. Would a laptop over a desktop ever have enough air circulation space compared to a desktop when it came to power needs of gaming or simulation. Maybe if components like Arm were all using very low power even for gaming or simulation.
I can't buy into the hype, I hope it is all true and great, but I've seen these cycles before and I'm very cautious. I remember several Mac's with performance claims and when I test real world application, they have all failed miserably. But I  curious again.
In the UK we used acorn computers in schools in the 90s
Just bought a M1 mini and it's the first time I can comfortably play Games with decent settings and high resolution without having to sell my soul (yes I know that PCs are cheaper and still way more powerful in the graphics department).
Seriously, if Intel or AMD not catching up they will be another Kodak and Nokia in computer industry
Quality content as usual, Dagogo! Thank you so much
AMD then now Apple, Intel will be the next Nokia, that will die overtime if they don’t make any radical innovation.
They need more powerful phones now that when folks accept the hydrogelvax neural ink mass injections their phone needs to be able to hook their brain up to the internet of things y'all.
I think the negatives outweigh the positives. Apple are a trash company with opaque anti-consumer practices, not mention how they viciously exploit their workers here and abroad. We should certainly not celebrate their further monopolistic practices, no matter how shiny their toys.
Great tech but a terrible shame it came from Apple, I've no time for a company which forces the customer to replace rather than encourages them to repair a broken product. Apples strategy is wasteful and unethical. For this reason alone I do not expect Apple to be the flag carrier for long...
Apple fanboys celebrating forced obsolescence.  Here's more of my money Apple 💰💰, please take more 💰💰💰💰💰 and more 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰!!!!! 🤪
Mankind=batteries now.
Wow thanks for this awesome! I must admit, I didn't expect it to be any worse than it was, but still: Keep up the good work! :)
just curious, if both intel and apple chip can run macos, one is x86 and the other one is ARM, can ARM chip like m1 run windows? or windows is only designed for X86 architecture which it's the only architecture that can run windows.
this is a really good year for Apple.
Knowing Apple practices, this CPU will probably f*** my mother.
The only thing I wish and been wishing for apple to do is make the iPhone have a Samsung dex mode when plug into a dedicated hub it boots into Mac OS like that would be awesome having all your pc needs in your hands crazy I mean Samsung does it pretty well but they just don’t have the software down been just a oem
Intel needs to make an innovation of their chip or else they’re dead in the next 5 years.
17:28 From what I can tell from google the gpu he was using on the desktop also has hardware acceleration for encoding. Only makes the ARM CPU on the iphone 12 more impressive. Hope we get our minds blown with some crazy powerful ARM desktop CPUs in the next few years. I'm ready to toss my x86 cpu for an ARM one if I could get those kinds of performance gains. Also assuming I could still run x86 apps through emulation. I think a lot of old games and software will never get recompiled targeting ARM so that'd be important.
If intel chose to collab with apple on making intel cpus to power the iphone, will that ficitional chip of intel be using ARM architecture?
Yes it's fast when comparing to a 10 year old pc.
I am glad to see Apple finally did really innovate again. Also that they do something for their non- portable products. I assume they will raise their marketshare in desktops and notebooks considerably through this transition.
Stupid question Are ARM chips both a cpu and graphic card on the same chip?
You make this subject so exciting 😅
Shouldent compare to intel due to the fact intel is years behind on the nm process. Better compare to amd which is at 7nm while apple is at 5nm and they are made in the same factory apple only get the 5nm first because of their investmemts.  And no it aint faster than intel nor amd and lacks features but its promising because its version one with promising results.
That’s crazy! I’ll be waiting for them to launch the M2 Competition chip.
Imagine a not too distant future where Apple might branch out and begin licensing and selling their processors for PC builders. That would destroy AMD and Intel all together, at least on the processor front. 😳
I love the awareness to put "later in the episode..." at 3:55 to keep us on the episode after dropping something meaty. You know your audience ;) We'd still come back to finish though, obviously.
So the Moore's law is re invented not by Intel anymore
A win for capitalism! Capitalism pushes innovation!
The only reason I still have windows Pc with intel and nvidia.. is gaming. If Apple can do something decent for gamers.. would be great :)
The Quality And Production Of These Videos Are Next Level
I like how none of this actually matters because it still just runs MacOS.
wait what The 5 Watts flagship is better than the 125 Wats one? I got that right? That means Intel is going bankrupt? And a lot more Bitcoin inflation?
What will AMD do?
This is great news for the planet as well. Imagine 10 years from now, less energy consumption on billions of devices might offset part of the natural consumption increase. I'm usually an Apple hater, but this is fantastic.
Very exciting! Outstanding content.
“It seems like everyone hates Apple these days.” I’m sorry, but what is your assumption based on?
Makes top quality videos: Is android and windows user;  Bruh why
It's all nice and good, if I can run Linux on it and it is price-wise competitive.
OMGGGG ARM IS THE FUTURE!!!
Intel was chasing out the last 4 yrs, they had like no improvements and they are stuck on idk 14nm or something. No wonders everyone is destroying them xD A comparison between AMD and Apple would have been interessting though, because AMD is now the King in x86. We can forget Intel, relic of human history.
The problem with Apple isn't the quality of their products, it's the unjustifiably high prices and anti-consumer marketing practices.
20:29 ... I legit thought these guys were the same person until I saw them together. Oops.
You barely mention AMD and say Intel has been king since its conception, you use The Verge as a source and the "a 5 nanometer process" should be "the 5 nanometer process" as it does not refer to its size, but an arbitrary name they gave it as TSMC couldn't manage to keep shrinking the node size.  There is good reason to not be happy about this, as if Apple makes the other CPUs obsolete over time, we all have to go Apple, increasing their already monopolistic behavior, if this keeps going, 10 years from now you'll have police knocking on your door because someone opened a computer case in your home...
These comments are toxic AF. Why are humans so tribal?   Just let people enjoy whatever the fuck they want. Stop attacking people cos they buy products from a company you don't. Jesus.
Future not looking so bright for Intel anymore.
Making an exploding phone with quantum cpu
One of your best videos yet. (Android user)
I actually don't like using computers anymore I find it extremely annoying and time-consuming I like my smartphone everything is really really quick and efficient
apple may be technology leaders in computing but they are also leaders in scamming costumers with anti repair policy
Worth noting that most x86 processors today run on 7nm chip and the M1 is on 5 nm so it might be a bit misleading in terms of performance
Great video as always.
Excellent video
I found several aspects of this video concerningly imprecise and at times very misleading. Cisc as bloated, Arm performance specs, etc. Apple achieves its performance by creating a closed ecosystem, by being vertically integrated from the Apps, the code, the OS, all the way down to the Hardware silicone Specialised for Extremely specific tasks. Success is never just one things. its always hundreds of compounding factors aligning.
ARM vs RISC feels like AC vs DC from Nikola Tesla and Thomas Edison.
People won’t be impressed until Google or Samsung copy it.
BUT HOW ABOUT THE GPU?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
great mix of story telling and facts
The best video on yt!! Great !! :-)))
You missed of the most crucial part to this. It's 4nm, intel still stuck on 10nm. this alone would give apple 2x edge over the Intel if both CPU's used same architecture.
If you’re going through rough times, please don’t give up.  Better times are coming ❤️
I want AMD to shift to ARM based CPUs.
Can’t wait to see the M2 etc.great video thanks
This kind of processors are going to be the ones that bring the a.r into our hands, so seeing the rapid progress they have made in these years makes me even more excited for what is going to come in 5 and 10 years. i bet y´all that phones will become the processing units for the a.r glasses to the point that they will not have screens for greater battery saving, just a basic interface to connect the glasses and trivial things like notifications on modern phones and sealed for better water protection. MARK. MY WORDS
7:31 Wow!  Only from listening to the audio, I knew the clip was from Computerphil!!
What Apple has achieved is incredibly impressive and definitely has huge ramifications on the industry. I think the Macs are an inevitable shift but both AMD and Apple have beyond proven that Intel's arrogance has stifled innovation over the past decade. What that means for computing as a whole is both exciting and scary, for the general consumer it's probably going to be great but for the enthusiast it's concerning. If the move to all intgrated SoCs becomes widespread it will either drive the enthusiast market to ever higher and niche pricing or it will kill it completely. Going to be an interesting decade.
Do take into consideration that the advantages of RISC get less obvious as the processors get more complex. RISC is not going to suddenly push out the classic x86 processors simply because of this. It is inaccurate to portray RISC as an inherently better format. There is a reason they haven't completely dominated the desktop market beforehand.  Edit: Also ARM was already completely dominant over the small portable market by the time the ipod was released.
When is the Nikola episode coming out?
If it doesn't have expandable RAM... It's trash!
I've been a PC/Android fan all my life, and I take my hat off to Apple for achieving this.
This video single handedly made me loose faith in the credibility of the channel. This is the first time you made a video in a topic i have an understanding to, and you have failed to capture any minutae, and have fully embraced the hype.  So I don't know if I trust you on any other topics anymore
If only we can get less bloated operating systems to go mainstream.  Windows and MacOS are getting FAT.
duuuuuuuude. fuck
Move an image in photoshop, and then zoom it in and out in lightroom is a comparison?
On my Intel MacBook as it cooks my nuts. Thanks Apple for making the switch.
I wish we would stop calling Arm "more efficient" and start calling it "lower power".  ARM has far better sleep states and transitions, and far simpler instructions than x86.  Traditionally for the same amount of work Intel (and AMD) have been able to get the job done faster and with less power used.  Granted, they ramp up to ~150W, but they get it done so incredibly fast that it still uses far less overall power than the same 15W ARM chip.  The difference is that when doing normal light workloads you actually are idling the CPU most of the time.  And idle per idle x86 is expensive on power usage, where ARM can sip power.  That is obviously changing. Modern ARM/RISC are getting more complex... nearly defeating the point of calling it "reduced instruction set".  However, it keeps that legacy of amazing low power states, which means that if you are not doing anything, it simply does not use any power.  So if you push these new Apple chips hard, it should get similar battery life to a traditional x86 chip (maybe a bit better due to more modern video decoding hardware, and smaller die sizes), but they should bench within a stones throw of eachother.  But if you are browsing the web, reading email, working on documents, etc, then the ARM chip will be idle 90% of the time allowing for amazing battery life increases.  But there is another HUGE bonus that Apple has with their ARM chips, and it is not the CPU... it is literally everything around the CPU.  Their GPU architecture is awesomely optimized for normal workloads.  On top of that, they have super tight integration to the RAM and storage which allows for even more power savings.  These are where the real power savings are hiding rather than just the CPU improvements. I am a "wintel" user, and that will not be changing any time soon, but what Apple is doing is absolutely impressive.  The thing that is going to bury Intel is not the awesome advances by AMD and nVidia (though that does not help).  What is going to kill Intel is apple.  Obviously Intel has been king for years and has a warchest of money and IP which will keep them going for years... but if they do not innovate quick, then they are going to be damaged for a decade.
i feel like this is BS as all the testing is through the apple OS, OK drop one of those CPUs into a windows machine using applications like unreal engine, Maya and Zbrush AND THEN talk to me.
Very nicely presented.. Thank you for the path down Memory Lane.. I was in SoCal for the CPM to DOS disaster.
The problem for me is to take advantage of the M1 ARM, i'd need to buy an Apple computer. I like to build my own machines. Until I can get an OEM ARM processor, i don't care. I'm not paying extra for the Apple brand.
Would love to hear your thoughts on on the views shared by Linus Tech Tips. He basically ridiculed it, strange little man...
It’s all very interesting, but I have not idea why you apostrophise your plurals.
Intel: why do you all act like your better than me? Apple and amd:
I don't think Intel would have been able to even get the iPhone where it is today.
ARM has been trying to be the future for like 40 years now, I will check in another 20 years to see how much until they say is the future again. The video export test is so unbelievably misguiding, how are you gonna compare a GPU hardware accelerated export on the phone to a CPU export on the MAC the phone wasn't even using the CPU for anything, please stop lying on your videos, you can make interesting content without the lies.
Time to buy more Apple Stock!
Wow, I thought the end of Intel was going to be at the hands of AMD, who is skunking them in x86 processors but they might end them both.
It's not the tech, but the monopoly of tech that sucks..
I was waiting for this episode
I can't believe this voice come out from a black man .,.. keep going man you surprise me
ARM ISA is bloated too, just way less than x86_64 ISA. Free and open RISC-V ISA already causes headaches for ARM in microcontroller space because of it's crazy power and space efficiency AND NO LICENCE FEES. ARM even launched a FUD campagain againt RISC-V about 2 years ago. ARM removed the page after a week and even censored it on Wayback machine. You still can find it on wayback machine alternative, I just don't know the name. If you search this thing, you will find it.  Apple will regret ARM choice in few years. Mark my words.
Developer here. Bought the new Macbook Air the day it came out. I LOVE it. This has almost everything I wanted out of a laptop. I cannot wait to see what they have instore with higher TDP. 10w is NOTHING. Imagine what they can do with 45-90W MacPro (not sure what MacPro uses).
Thank you for taking your time and not rushing like the other channels!
I just wanna see what ARM will do for PC gaming and Windows. I may not be an Apple guy and used to get mad they aren't innovative forgetting that when they do something they do it right to push tech forward. That company is a force.
Yep, Intel is in a world of hurt. Apple's selection of ARM for their architecture baseline was an inspired choice. However,  Apple's evolution of the ARM architecture since then, is the really amazing part.
You forgot to Mention Years before the ipod apple bought shares in ARM and put an ARM in the Newton.
14:10 ARM did have a 64bit design available in early 2013. But by the time it was licenced and manufactured and the OS was recompiled  for 64bit and a product shipped. Well it was 2014.
I WAS HERE PogU
"Everyone hates Apple these days" - lol; I've been an Apple user since the 1990s and have always gotten grief - mainly by people who have never used their products. I've tried to move to windows and android several times, but they are just, well, a bit crap.
Bye2 intel.. welcome arm and amd..
What an amazing video!! You have a unique way of explaining complicated concepts which I haven't seen replicated anywhere else on YouTube. Keep up the great work Dagogo : )
Reasons to hate Apple:  -Using Chinese sweat shops to circumvent labor protection laws. Like pushing workers to suicide in harsh work conditions.  -Using the same sweat shops to facilitate tax avoidance.  -Locking users out of having control over their own device.  -Killing the repair industry by using parts manufacturer contracts to make parts impossible to get.  -Serializing parts such that a they will only work in a single device. Even if the other part is the exact same make\model from Apple themselves.  -Reducing battery size to force a smaller cells to cycle through its life faster making more E-waste and force sales.  -Continuing to make and sell devices with 50V backlight power rails next to 3V data lines that go directly to the GPU with no insulation.  -Refusing to treat their devices with water resistant conformal coating to stop every day humidity from corroding the components.  -Removing the "life boat" data connector and permanently soldering in the SSD while it is encrypted by secure enclave. Basically holding your data hostage as leverage to force you to buy iCloud service.  -Removing standard connectors in favor of dongles that are purpose built to be easily lost, stolen, or broken forcing repeat purchase of accessories. These dongles had a poor record of functionality by Apple users untill Apple removed those critical reviews from thier website.  -Using "Sapphire glass" that has such a low purity that it scratches at Mohs hardness 6-7. Actual sapphire glass, ex. Tissot watches, scratch at 8-9.  -Charging app developers 30% of their sales for a spot in the app store if they make more than $1Mn and 15% if they make less, while making it impossible to make\sell apps independently.   😒 Seriously Fvxk Apple. Chips with low power draw and slightly faster RAM\SSD read write speeds do NOT absolve Timothy Cook for being such an absolute scum bag human with an equally ruthless company. If you buy his stuff knowing this, you are complicit in his barbaric business and are also a garbage human yourself. You might as well buy ICE detention center branded phones, or pro-police murder laptops.  If Apple is to change you have to vote with your wallet and refuse to buy thier products untill such a time that they fix all of this.
They just threw an overclocked iPad chip in there.
Great video!
BTW those closing graphics are sick!
This video seems very biased to me, you had multiple "benchmarks" which were misleading, false or straight up lying like the dude who compared lightroom on the mac to photoshop on the PC. Here are some actual benchmarks: Cinebench R23 (Multi Core): M1: 7.202 i9-9880H: 8.786 (+22%) Ryzen 7 1800X: 8.858 (+23%) Ryzen 9 5900X: 20.669 (+187%) Ryzen 9 5950X: 27.079 (+276%!!!!!)  Geekbench 5.1-5.3 Multi Core: M1: 7.623 i9-10980HK: 8.232 (+8%) Intel Xeon W-10885M: 8.461 (+11%) i7-10700K: 8.918 (+17%) Ryzen 7 3800XT: 8.923 (+17%) Ryzen 9 3900: 10.214 (+34%) i9-10910: 10.220 (+34%) Ryzen 9 5950X: 16.923 (+122%!!!!)
That guy's iMac must have something wrong with it. My desktop that's not as good can export like 5x faster in after effects
Thanks brother for this amazing, intriguing video
Against a gaming pc all the apple processors get smashed.
Apple is becoming a monster, that's true!
Purely fanaticism  video.
Can't use VPN on m1 and the bios are locked making it useless technology. He doesn't talk about that though does he
With power like that, I'm expecting Apple to blow the lid off of Augmented Reality very soon!
butterfly effect. No CPU ;Like that could be created if... INTEL had accept the deal. AND/OR not that, Intel's performance increase over the years could happened. Apple, search for developer engineers 3 years before, for the "thunderbolt" communication, to be independent from intel. Apple knew that intel couldn't handle the evolution demand demand.
... If your phone boots chrome faster than your PC, I just have to wonder what type of power and hardware you have underneath it..
I planned on keeping my 2017 MacBook Pro for another couple of years, but I may upgrade when the M2 or M3 MBPs come around. This is a huge leap.
Apple didn't change the industry, they just joined AMD curb stomping intel xD
‘The rise and fall of Intel’ could be the title of one your upcoming videos 🤞🏻How greed, lack of competition and mismanagement destroyed once an iconic giant tech company. Funny that history has to repeat itself and idiots still never learn whether you pay them $1000 or $1mil in salary.
Apple M1X:  -12 Cores.  - 8 performance cores.  - 4 high efficiency cores.  - Coming first on a MacBook Pro  16” unveiling as a press release.
Apple is absolutely killing it right now
Beautifully explained!
Cool video and all but I put in my email in the link and two minutes later I received an email that someone tried to reset my Best Buy account, which I luckily don’t have
Apple repair blocks should be a crime, but I guess putting money in the pockets of polititians can get around that.
They made a great product but  if you value your privacy and owning your device Apple isn't the way
Imagine if these laptop ARM chips became mainstream and a gaming laptop was build out of them.
Thank you!
Imagine putting two m1 chips to single machine
Not really! Yes its fascinating but aside from apple users this will not have a big impact. And the reason is not the tech, thats great and fine! Its the price -> For 1000 Dollars i get a Laptop that blews the MB Air out of the Water! And there is a reason why they dont mention ryzen. And one reason why the m1 is so snappy - they put the ram on the chip!!
I'm producing these IoT devices, www.kokonaut.com www.instagram.com/kokonautinc The chip manufacturer we're using (Espressif) just announced the ESP32-C3. A super low cost RISC-V SoC. Very Exciting times!  https://hackaday.com/2020/11/22/espressif-leaks-esp32-c3-a-wifi-soc-thats-risc-v-and-is-esp8266-pin-compatible/
Mind-blowing  - is Microsoft dos/ Intel x86 duopoly finally over?
AMD will be able to keep up with Arm on efficiency, if they stay on thier current trajectory. Achieving a 25x20 leap. In 2014 AMD said they will be 25x more efficient by 2020 (25x20). 2020 rolls around and they bloody smash it. AMD with Zen 3 has achieved a nearly 50x increase in efficiency, (compared to FX) they achieved thier goal of 25x20 in February, their new goal is 50x25 or 50x efficiency compared to 2020 by 2025, it is looking like they will reach that goal in 2021, with Zen 4.
Two days ago before watching this I was already of the opinion that M1 is Apple’s stand out “product” of 2020.  Now maybe of the decade!
Intel’s average of 28% gains in power vs. Apple’s 300% over the same time period says everything.
Your videos are so High quality.It feels like a documentary from National geography and that speaks volume❤️😇
The whole purpose in computer hardware design (and software design) since the Apollo space program is to create the fastest, smallest and lowest power system possible.  Intel seems to have forgotten this and continued to overcrank their forty-year-old technology until it now produces more heat than light.  x86 is dead.  Steve Jobs famously berated his engineers designing the Macintosh to get them to have the new machine boot in thirty seconds. This is why most of the operating system was in ROM.  Steve Jobs is smiling.
One Little thing wrong  the first apple ARM chip for iphone was A4 on Iphone 4
You can say that Apple took the RISC.
I get Lofi chill vibes and Toonaime
This might be the start of gaming on macbook pro
U’re my top 3 YT Channel. Keep up the great work. Videos r always so thorough, well researched n historical context considered. This is def a disruption happening in front our eyes. Consumers def winners here.
Explains why Microsoft build the SQ1 chip.  Looks like they see what is coming too.
Well researched content.
if Windows doesn't use it, it's irrelevant
Performance by what metrics? That export comparison is rather silly too, why would that be. (if you need hardware acceleration for every single thing you want to do... That's just a stupid comparison) Le sigh
Well a better comparison would be M1 VS Intel - Mac VS Intel - PC VS AMD Ryzen.  Intel Processors in Macs are always smoked by the same in a PC.
Interesting! Nice video. ✌️
Your take on disruption as advancing society and benefitting the consumer as a whole implies that the company doing the disruption has more to gain than to lose. When big corporations "disrupt", they tend to jealously guard their tech and in my view, have the opposite effect from what you describe (increased competition, etc). Only startups tend to disrupt and improve things overall as the big corps have to catch up. When big companies buy out disruptive technologies to monopolize them, that is a NEGATIVE to consumers and developers. Kodak engineers invented digital video capture in the 70s and they chose to keep the tech off the market for decades while protecting their legacy business which was already dying 50 years ago. How are those practices advancing society?? Creating shareholder value for owners of a monopoly isn't the same as improving the world, is it?
Intel:😭, AMD:😝, Apple:😈
3:00 what a stupid comparison, two different applications.
Way to ignore AMD in all of this.
Can you imagine, this chip is their first ARM chip for their computers and it performs like that in a freaking macbook air.
Everything in this video was true  Except ijustine and verge  My opinion
My man your channel is just absolutely smashing.  I was never a YouTube binge-watcher but now I binge watch this channel.  I like the intro track as well.  Keep up the good work brother, your content is incredible. Your delivery, your neutrality, really incredible.
Great video !.. thanks for detailing the history of ARM and how it evolved and led up to what's happening today. This is stuff everyone should understand.
I loved it, can you do a video on the internet of things ?
arm powered laptops isn't anything new, Windows on ARM is around for a couple of years now. Although Microsoft couldn't go all in with ARM because of enterprise users and legacy devices/software. Windows runs more than Final cut pro/photoshop
God....  Apple has such great marketing!  That's why I buy their stock, but not their products.  If you agree with me, give me a thumbs up.  If you disagree, thumbs down.
That was freaking amazing..
What an unfortunate start of the video for such an interesting topic. I have never disliked one of your videos, and this one is no exception. But I didn't like how it started, as watching till the end we have the same point of view. Warning, long comment   -"It seems that everyone hates Apple these days" So sad this is already a meme, and you took part in it. "Boo Apple Bad", It doesn't matter what they do. If it's good, luck. If it's bad, It's Apple. Many people hate a company for being a business and have never tried their products.   -"and there's some rationale for that. Recently they've made their products impossible to repair, increased prices of their products and accessories to a ridiculous level and enjoy excessive control." You are aware their advancements benefit from integrated and difficult to repair designs, right? You can dislike that, but that's what enables them to be the first to push technology in this way (no one forces you to buy their products tho). They have slowly shifted to controlling all the hardware by themselves. In fact, the M1 has the IO controllers and RAM integrated in the chip itself.   Also, enforcing repair parts fingerprinting elevates the security and reliability of their products, and that's the image they want (and you know what you are buying). You know this is what they offer when you buy their products, so why bother complaining If you are not going to buy them?  On that topic... why would someone care about the prices If they don't like the products? Or... do people dislike the products because they can't buy them? I've been there. Never judge before trying them, hate is not healthy. You don't need their products, live your life and enjoy technology advancements paid by others. Apple sells expensive stuff, that's a fact. But that's what allows them to pour loads of money into research and development, which we all end up benefiting from.   -"But what if apple actually did something to push the industry forward and spur competition." Yeah, that's what they always have done. They have always had good ideas, but most importantly, they have the money to make it happen.
I'm a live long windows and Android fan. But now I think my next laptop should be a mac. Imma also buy some apple shares.
i liked your video, but some shit you say is just wrong
Big Sur has bricked thousands of mid age macs worldwide. It's has serious, SERIOUS privacy issues as well. I am a lifelong mac user. This is a step too far for me. Long term, I'm out. Check out Louis Rossman's channel.
It's getting really interesting. NVidia acquiring ARM. Apple and their M1. AMD working with Samsung on their Exynos processors (I know it's to work on GPU side but AMD does have some experience with ARM, search AMD K12, perhaps a potential joint venture?) I'm sure Intel must have dipped their toes in ARM based CPUs at some point. I wouldn't go writing them off just yet.
So cool to think that what I was telling my school m8 back in 1988 about the my Acorn Archimedes and its Arm processor being the future was true.   Years later my Acorn Risc PC with its Strong Arm Processor going toe to toe, and often beating the 486 and pentium machines of the time.  Soon Arm it was in smart phones, my Sony P800 mobile ran the Arm 9 and was revolutionary,  well before iPhones or Android.   Colour touch screen (Albeit with a pen) Apps you could build and install.    Now Android and Apple both running Arm design CPUs on pretty much all the world's mobile devices.  Gradually with Apple and Android dominating the PC and Microsft Windows becomes less relevant to the masses.  Finally it comes full circle.  These CPU are becoming "desktop class" again,  without needing to bruteforce ever more complicated cooling designs. Its the same Apple that went into partnership with Acorn to further develop Arm back in 1990.  Long live ARM... thank you Acorn and the Archimedes range, you were way ahead of your time!
It's the same problem Nokia faced. They got away with small upgrades and still made money. They could maximise profits by reducing innovation. The market accepted 5-10% improvements because there was no real competition. They still have no real competition unless Apple wants to license Mx chips to servers and enterprise.
What can you tell us about it? https://www.forbes.com/sites/patrickmoorhead/2020/11/21/apple-macbook-pro-13-m1-reviewwhy-you-might-want-to-pass/?sh=1cf91c42786a  The video seemed cool, but something is fishy in certain reviews.
Windows is dead. DAYYUUUMM SUUUNN!!!
AMD!
Nvidia just purchased the arm company. could we see a system just based on an Nvidia GPU full of arm chips and only that?
Crazsy! 😍
I just dropped 3 grand on a video editing computer a couple months ago and these new m1 MacBooks have better video editing performance... it hurts 😅
Desktop processors are advancing at an increasing rate.  Thanks Lisa Su for making AMD competitive again. AMD > Intel   Intel is in trouble now. If Arm, losing Apple, shit iGPUs, Qualcomm, TSMC, Thier own trouble getting off 14nm, and all the above, wasn't enough well now they have to deal with the fact that the have now been beaten at thier own game.
You should do a video on AMD
LOL- I will just wait for a standard laptop to come w/ an ARM.
Question: are there substantial benefits to including these chips or technology built on the same principle to other electronic products such as TV's and modern consoles?
might get apple if they start making gpus
Smoke n mirrors.. its raw per core processing power isnt faster.. all depends on the task or workload as to whether it'll be faster.  Still good that they are developing and making mobile computing better.. but its not going to replace AMD/intel in the market for business/gaming.  It's really all about the gigga hurtz and those are all about the trans sisters and those are about the nan's which are getting close to atomic level :P
Intentional product throttling should be an outright criminal offense like mass vandalism. Its absolutely disgusting and unforgivable. I would never ever again trust a company that is found guilty. Its invisible with electronics. But people need to understand its no different to  (for example) an auto manufacturer letting the air out of your car tires, crippling the engine, putting bricks in your trunk. Stressing the car, slowing it, eating your energy. Then telling you it's all because the car is old AND prohibiting you from performing any tune up or repair. Astonishingly unethical, just mind blowing.
Yet Apple products are still hot garbage. Its amazing.
great video but i'm not sold on this new m1 and will wait to see what other manufacturers come up with
As a PC gamer, I can't see anything in M1 or its future for me. AMD Ryzen is more exciting.
Few years and you can plug you iPhone in and start macos, and also outperform most pc’s.
That intro tho :D
What about security issues like Meltdown that plague Intel architectures?
The comment at 18:30 is about 95% false. They reduced the app store cut ONLY for app developers that make less than a million dollars per year. That accounts for only 5% of the entire app store. So basically apple just decided to take a 2.5% pay cut on the app store for some positive press.
Cool, but in the shown cases it's faster because the apps use GPU acceleration, which is a pretty big deal in highly parallel processes, comparing a CPU to a GPU makes no sense since they are different things
IMO the core principle is that energy efficiency is key to disruption, and Apple gets it.  Sure, everyone figured that out for portable devices (otherwise they can't exist), but here is what efficiency gets you even when there is an electrical outlet... Current supercomputers are using as much juice as small cities, so only centralized governments and giant corporations can hope to run them.  Cut that energy use from 125W/chip to 5W/chip as the M1 does, and 1MW is cut to 40kW, and the air conditioning is cut from >2MW to ~100kW.  Now, even smaller colleges can participate, and server farms can be run off of wind and solar + battery, with minimal need for grid connection.  This drastically expands who can participate.
Apple bought the m1 chip they didn't make it themselves.
What’s the outro song ?
They don’t outsource to samsung anymore... they f***ked up with the A9. TSMC makes all there chips.
Well, if this kills Intel or forces them to do better, I'm all for it. AMD and Apple seem to be the only (major) chip manufacturers pushing stuff forward at a reasonable rate. Im sure theres others, but I really want Intel to do better.
ARM is not the first RISC design, that goes to MIPS.
Next year we might see Nvidia is also in desktop cpu business
https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2020/11/20/apple-uighur/
Nice one my friend. The Apple tech will be ripped off.  Nothing wrong with that, just how the human race has always worked. Somebody has a good idea, somebody else steals the concept and improves it. Countless examples in science and technology, countless examples in industry. Scarily fast acceleration though, if you hear new tech chips under the "Skynet" brand run for the hills!😯
Just a small correction. From my understanding almost nobody these days use x86 based processors in PCs. They're almost exclusively AMD64 based with x86 emulation.
This chips are just mind blowing.  Intel haters can’t accept that these are faster than their PCs
Disappointed that you forgot to mention the first Apple product using ARM, the Newton.
8:25 wireless power Babeee ! :D
brillant, cheers
If i was Intel i would be in serious panic mode right now. First AMD, now Apple blowing Intel out of the water in a short amount of time.
wow, go apple.
It is mindblowing what Apple has managed to achieve but at the same time, we all know Apple won't lower prices on their products. Premium and exclusivity are some of Apple's core principles to maintain profitability in the modern era. They may keep prices the same only to turn around and make upgrades mindbogglingly expensive to maintain their margins. That's one of the unfortunate parts about Apple products. However, the M1 chip will be a big boon to productivity and commercial users but until they can rival GPU performance, they won't affect the gaming market...yet.
Apple has taken the cpu to the next level just like they did with there first iphone. Welldone
I have both the new iPhones and MacBooks and I have to say I've never been this impressed.
simplicity is the ultimate sophistication
Hey man following u since ur episode days
2020, the year intel got completely screwed!
Meanwhile   Linus: I’m not wrong, Macbooks are iPads without touch screen .
Burn Water is so calming to listen to 💆🏾‍♂️
All i can say is well done! I love the way you summarize so much information into under 30min video! always a fan!
popcorn? entertainment? these are very informative videos. far from comedy or entertainment. it's a fact of life.
ARM was the manufacturer of their mobile chips
Judging by how apple's security claims are crumbling, I wouldn't be surprised if they pulled some nasty speculative execution shortcuts and they'll have to throttle the cpu by 20% in next 2 years (or only run apple™ blessed code).
Arm cpus lap-tops what next? Stomach gpus? :D
Now I hope they will license the CPU design or someone reverse engineers it into a similar non-sue'd'able package. Because I got burned by Apple one too many times and I will never ever buy anything from them ever again. Pity really but so it goes.
Amazing video!
Great video.  Very good job. 👍
Hm keyword in  Apples "revolution" is ARM....  Odd ;)
Thank you for making this video.....as a tech enthusiast I was shocked and so pumped to see how just this chip turned an entry level MacBook into a beast and wondered how did Apple pull this off.....thanks your videos I gain much insights and behind the scenes tech, and specially this one, loved it!❤️❤️
It is time to put the dust off my Archimedies A3020!
Well lets hope we see similar chips to the M1 for Windows and Linux  desktops too in the future
I'm not sure how much of this difference is really due to choosing ARM over x86, and how much is due to the Intel 10900K and 2019 Macbook using 14nm chips while the M1 is a 5nm chip.
Your intro words are just 🤩
I hate the way apple does business and never bought their products but I love this new chip. Amazing.
Thanks that was NOT a waste of time 👍🏽✌🏽✊🏽
The footage at 2:54 is incredibly dishonest and deceiving, they're claiming the same task is much faster on the mac but in reality they compared lightroom performance to photoshop, which isn't anywhere near as demanding. I own an older fanless Surface Pro and even with huge 40MP raw files Lightroom is exactly as smooth as shown with the macbook in this video. They are blatantly lying to their viewers, wtf.
The tech community : Moore's law is dead Apple : Hold my M1
This is what happens you spend 15 Billions on R&D every year.
This is my take on ICE and we already have the tech on making them crazy thermal efficient. But just like this there is a party that doesn't want it to blossom!🤷🏽‍♂️
Why we are not taking about AMD
One of the best YouTubers ever
Interestingly enough, the day I saw these laptops get reviewed, my first thought was 'Voxis UI'. Those were the days! ❤️
So that's why snapdragon 855+,8cx is on par with Intel i5
This blew my mind
The nano meter races is ending, and all the tech industry leaders knew 1 decade ago. We already have 5 nm road maps, and the end is coming very fast for this race.  19:42 This animation explains what needs to happen industry wide, when you still want to be in the race.  "Speed is everything in distance" π  Intel already showed with 3DXpoint road map that the PC platform needs a big change. All the parts needs to come closer and be more compact to create the performance leap, while they head towards the finish of the nm race.
Kudos for Apple for moving to ARM.  However, this story isn't so much about ARM kicking butt as it is about Intel sucking.   AMD too has kicked Intel's butt.  Competition is always good.   I'd love to see ARM processors get competitive with AMD's AM4 processors.  Instead of just having AMD vs Intel wars, we could have AMD vs Intel vs ARM.  I'm actually surprised that nobody has turned ARM processors into chiplets and competed head on with AMD.   It probably wouldn't be that hard to do.  Can you imagine if AMD made ARM chiplets instead of X86 chiplets ?  It would be a lot easier to tweak IPC on a simple instruction set than a complex one.
Bye bye pc , i think i am switching
I remember people use to change the intel slogan to idiots inside.
Now I'm thinking, why I'm a Software Developer instead of Hardware Developer being an electronics engineer...!
I just want to say that I absolutely adore your channel! I have been watching for many years now.
There won’t be any completion. Nothing competed with the A13 chip and the A14. Snapdragon 865+?😂 nah man apple won. Nothing will ever come close to the M1
Your videos are ridiculously good. Thank you.
Yes, competition is great, but I do really dislike apple's right to repair stance and their super closed ecosystem.
This actually puts apple at a good price rn at 899 for education
In the midst of all this ARM itself, a jewel in the crown of British industry, has been chewed up and spat out by SoftBank. What a pity. Let's hope Nvidia don't run it into the ground. I don't like the idea of an Apple/Nvidia hegemony any more than Microsoft/Intel. Painful though it may be, Intel will have to reinvent themselves to ensure consumers and businesses continue to have a meaningful choice.
Gonna order my iPhone 12 Mini and M1 MacBook Pro
Seriously most informative & best video I've seen of CF (and there all pretty solid)
This is the best video about the M1 sofar. So fucking well produced! Respect!
Eye opening for me ...a non tech savvy person .
Apple: fine I'll do it myself
Good to see the history of ARM going back to Acorn but sad no mention of Sophie Wilson who partnered with Steve Furber. Sophie designed the instruction set while Steve did the hardware.
This worries me. Yes it's faster and yes it's more efficient, but it has no soul. I've said for years that my phone (an ancient 6s Plus) is simply a tool, and that my real tech enthusiasm is found on my desk. I'll be sticking with building my own x86 computers until it's no longer viable and maybe even beyond that. The idea of being forced to buy an entire mass-produced *laptop* that's prebuilt to have the best specs is so anathema to me that it would kill my hobby and almost everything I love about computing.
Waiting for an ARM chip desktop replacement that can be upgraded. Powered by electric car standard battery of course.
I absolutely hate apple and I've already refused two job offers from them, that's the level of despising I have. But I got to say, this is pretty exciting.  I will just wait for others to catch up with Apple using ARM technology. I think that x86 and CISC are dead, but I also think that notwithstanding Apple is currently the only one with this technology, others will eventually catch up.  I'm really excited for the day I can get a non-apple laptop with this kind of CPU technology that runs Linux natively. When that happens, Linux will be more evolved and capable and systems will be orders of magnitude better
Intel would be counting their days
What a hyperbolic title.
Apple’s new chip just made me switch from windows to Mac. Wow.
One thing about Apple is that they spend so much money on RnD to improve their products, it is just said that some people make fun of Apple for making the same phone more expenses, they do not realize that the products are much better👏👏👏👏
Cold fusion, we really miss your podcasts. When will you release them again ?
Huawei will no doubt eventually top the CPU charts, they've been backed up in a corner by American foreign policy,  they can only come out with all guns blazing. Competition on an even playing field is great, yes.
I also analysed this..I'm also telling this to evey one listning..but no one is listening what apple is doing right now is making human brain like structure in their CPU's where memory is directly attached to cpu known as neumoprphic chips..like our brain use less power.. Something is going on the side of Google      they're making quantum computers more feasible workable at room temperature.. . . Something going on software side too AI is just getting better n better as you can watch in previous coldfusion video.. .. .. The point I want convey Elon Musk was not just fearing for just nothing..Merger of these techs can result big boom.. I m not just talking about technological breakthrough..this going to civilization changing phase..like data manipulation to failure of banking systems it is only 10    to 12 year ago...
They didn't tho m1 is glorified ipad you gotta lay off the koolaid
They also prevent you from installing linux on the device. Forcing you into their ecosystem. Computers are already fast enough. Who cares? It is literally only saving you a few seconds in your work load...wake up people. This is negligable. Computers from 10 years ago are more than 95% of the pupulation needs.
i made my profits during the covid-19  pandemic trading with a professional forex broker sir brianjones. i'm now on my journey to financial freedom
Will you be buying a mac now?
So it is again iPhone moment for Apple just it is mac now...
a little hyperbolic, we will see how ARM actually implements
if all just open source all the software and hardware, then we will see much much faster progress, when all is build on top of the total sum of ideas, in stand of this slow 1 up of each other, if we don't this from the start we been here 10 years ago
Wish id taken shares out in arm in the 90s
Intel acted like Yellow Taxis and now they are being Uber-ed out
Your research is of next level. Amazing video
i wish the other company's like Samsung, Xiaomi will follow ARM design in there coming laptop series
What will happen to Intel is what happened to Nokia when iPhone come out
Can we mine bitcoin with that? That's the real question....
I immediately want to run out and buy the Mac Mini for $699! After watching this video I feel that Mac Mini so under-priced and undervalued!  Hurry up guys this will be the cheapest ARM M1 processor Apple computer you can buy, Apple is going to jack up the price anyway for next Mac Mini!
โด้แค่ค่าน้ำค่าไฟค่าแรง ชิวๆ SP-028  IQ-407  SP-500  KKP-10 จัดไปเด
Did Apple Pay you?
What are you talking about? Linux have been running in ARM since a lot of time (2012-2013) in computers like Raspberry Pi. I know that almost nobody knows that kind of hardware but this is not new not even a "Change in the Entire Industry"
Can it run crysis?
13:35   A4, not A6, was the first chip designed by Apple. And A4 was in iPhone 4. Apple has been designing and putting their custom chips in iPhones since 2010.
It's great! Do they sell it separetly? I mean I need a motherboard, a CPU socket, and some RAM socket. GPU seems optional with this power, but for future proofing, GPU socket is still nice.
Not sure to be happy because it's apple
10:53 Music is something from this Emancipator album https://emancipator.bandcamp.com/album/safe-in-the-steep-cliffs
Now imagine that chip in a VR set!
People in the comments on LTT, mkbhd, Dave2D defending intel are in denial. Lets look 6   months from now.
"increased prices of the products and accessories to a ridiculous level" I would argue with that, the average price of iPhones is falling, also Iphones did not go up in price this year compared to others such as S20s
Intel is sweating heavily. Seeing Apple leaving and AMD leaping forward with its CPUs and GPUs, bagging gamer, and performance loving users.  I think the future for intel looks grim. If Intel doesn't catch up soon.
Can u please look into the "open source instruction set: RISC-V"...I wanna know your thoughts about it. Could it have a place in the future? Will it die out under heavy competition?
As far I know iPhone use hardware acceleration for video encoding while Intel use software encoding  HA is faster but quality is not good enough compares to software encoding you search YouTube for comparison
This is not fair, the video should be named "how ARM changed the industry" , not Apple. In fact the ARm jump  from smartphones to  computers was first adopted   by Linux, in  a silent revolution with  generalized ARM usage in billions of small devices whose owners don't even know they have a embedded Linux on many of  their devices. Then followed by Linux  micro servers, raspberry pi, etc. Second to arrive was Windows 10  (Microsoft  has launched a pretty successful surface laptop with  ARM  months before Apple M1, even if it has  not made  a lot of noise among tech  "influencers" because you know, it's not cool because it is  Windows..), and now Apple has been the last one to arrive with its giant marketing machine to milk the cow.  For the  ignorant world Apple will  stea the glory as usual (as they did with Wozniak, Next, etc)., but the true game changer  here  is ARM, not Apple.
The current scenario in Mobile Computing is the ARM chip don't have bloat but the apps we use are increasing Client Side Computing more than Server Side acting like a bloat which in turn results in slowing down the devices. ✌🏻
@14:51, narrator says apple sold a bunch of iphone, and the article right behind says 74.5 million, that's how you rub salt on someone's(cough Int*l) wound.😎
Best vid u ever made 😭
This was so interesting Thanks very much for the research and assembly
You are all cordially invited to the funeral of Intel
If only gaming PCs can have this kind of upgrade too.
Haters : "ApPle neVeR InNovatEs" :P
Qustion is: How does AMD compare to this?
coldfusion dude talk about games like pubg or among us
of course the new iphone can beat an old macbook, apple products get slower and slower every update, compare it to a pc with a Ryzen 9 or an intel 10th gen with a 30 series graphics card and apple isnt even on the same playing field
Good video but I think you cherry picked the "tech youtuber's opinions", for example LTT's review of M1 chips wasn't that positive. I know that every video has to have a narrative but you make it look like Apple silicon is the holy grial or something,  based on opinions of people who, let's put it this way, are Very very friendly with apple (i.e mkbhd, ijustine ).
are there any disadvantages to arm?
I love the disclaimer at the start 😂
Very informative indeed.
Still, fuck apple's business practices. I wouldn't use an IPhone even if I got one for free
This is the best explanation I've seen without all the tech talk garbage just telling the story as simple as possible and now I can watch the more detailed videos and care more  Great job keep the great content coming
Will they be selling these for desktop pc? Like can I buy one and put in place of current processor on windows pc?
8:15 ... what? how?
i hate snapdragon,  my ipad pro crapped on all the tablets i bought
What do you think about the possibility of Apple becoming a chip manufacturer and a distributor for the rest of the tech market? Such a big company in a big market could find the capital and infrastructure to make it happen in a huge scale and compete with the taiwanese firms, don't you think? Also do you think the M1 will raise more concern about Apple's allegedly antitrust behaviour?
More competition, more efficient chips, less battery usage. Why wouldn't you be on board?
No we just need a huge and powerful ARM desktop chip that can blaze through x86 emulated in desktop windows PCs.
Hey ColdFusion, you should do an episode on this piece https://cordmagazine.com/interview/aleksandar-kavcic-a-patent-as-a-lifes-work/
You did know that all Intel CPU’s that they have made since 2000 have a RISC chip internal core! For compatibility, Intel treats x86 and x64 instructions like byte code (interpreter instructions), converts that code to micro code (RISC code) and then executes that. Your whole argument about RISC versus CISC was fought 30 years ago and all computer manufacturers use some version of RISC. A little more research on your part would help.
I'm watching this twice, it was that good
Apple is cancer and needs to be seized with no recompense.
ARM gaming is already on switch
Lol @ Paul Ortellini. This has to be among the top 10 worst business predictions “iPhone not doing well”.
Your videos are really well researched and well presented. Thank you and keep it up!
Technological progress you say... I say: How about you adress the outright sinister things that are going on behind the scene, that is, the absolute control with all that goes through the CPU. The much hated T2 chip is now an integral part of the CPU... what can the consumers expect in terms of recovery and repairability NOW?!? A very large portion of the gains made with this M1 chip is just down to integration. All features have been tightly integrated, giving the benefits of only having to work with one type of everything, while all of it can be adressed very fast due to proximity. x86 could have done this, but didn't (yet) as it has always been more beneficial to keep it as a building block. The only signinficant differnce is that Apple sells so many devices that it has become feasible to do this little party trick. Just look at how the x86/x64 world has been integrating graphics on their chips for many years now.. because it became feasible. I don't contest that the ARM architecture is great (perfromance/watt) and probably the best choice for 90% of all applications, I just need a little more perspective on what the tradeoffs are. The comparison between the old Apple product and the new phone is also really bogus. Code optimization and hardware acceleration as you very breafly glance over is EVERYTHING!  To me, it feels like you're celebrating something you don't really understand... the shiny image Apple would like to project. I guess they win again!
Microsoft really needs to keep up. The windows arm port is in pretty bad shape, compared to macOS.
I would say the open source processor is a bigger game changer than this will ever be.
Seems like Intel is going the nokia way.
Everyone is worried about Intel, I am worried about Windows!!
Awesome video, simply awesome ! Very well detailed!💥
Until I can build a desktop computer with a ARM chip. I'll stick with AMD chip. I don't want to buy a computer I can't upgrade or replace components when they go bad.
Why is the credit on the bottom right only for a few creators
I feel like Apple is really missing out on one key thing - I'm currently running a setup consisting of Samsung Galaxy S20 FE paired with a NexDock Touch. Some days, I don't even turn on my desktop PC. With all their CPU power in their phones, I feel like Apple could just make a laptop shell and have that be their main product and make ALL the money.
this is so overblown.  in 2006 they were still on PowerPC (with bulk revenue coming from that),  then in 2007 the iPhone (ARM) started to blow up and soon most revenue was from Arm based products.  AT NO POINT is there a heavy reliance on Intel whatsoever (from a revenue standpoint desktops are now 10%).  So your whole discussion missed the point.  Their most important products each year WERE NEVER ON INTEL.  Not for one single year, ever.
1:45 _"ARM is a simpler design than x86 making it more efficient"_ That's debateable and depends on how you define efficient. x86 does have inherent overheads due to the complexity of the ISA decoders and that's where ARM gains its advantage in low power scenarios. This advantage however diminishes as you go into higher powered scenarios and efficiency is then more closely linked to the process node employed and right now the M1 has a big node advantage being on 5nm.  A lot of the amazing performance is limited to select benchmarks and is not across the board. https://openbenchmarking.org/result/2011202-PTS-MERGE68890&sor Here's a good reference with lots of different benchmarks to ponder if it really is living up to the hype.  What the M1 represents is it's now a viable laptop/desktop alternative, but that doesn't mean it crushes x86 across the board. It also signals that it's time for x86 to drop all legacy instructions going forward.  It should also be noted that the M1 isn't just a set of CPU cores with a GPU built in, it has a whole bunch of accelerators attached to it and that makes a difference, neither Intel nor AMD include a Neural engine on their CPU's meaning it's less about the ARM cores and more about the supporting architecture.
Yeah but I just don't want to pay Apple a month's worth of salary because of a loose connector.
apples m1 costs more, preforms worse and has no upgradability compared to all the other pc manufacturers. you also only used clips from apple fanboys (and ijustine for some reason?) look at channels like LTT which give realistic and non biased reviews
Doing a benchmark with hardware acceleration is totally misleading. The cpu is simply not doing the work. It's like saying my little brother is stronger than you and proving it by him stabbing you with a knife. Yes he's great at that task but is not 'stronger' in the expected way. The online tech reviewers you showed  are all in Apple's pocket. The reviewers who don't play ball don't get the review units.
DID you really show iJustiine ?? who has no clue about tech ? hahahahaha
apple, too expensive for me, i went for AMD, i dont need a laptop anymore but a powerful desktop is my thing,i wont be creating a song in a DAW or a video compilation on a fast iphone wth a small screen,i already wear glasses,these gadgets are good for young people,who are always on twitter or snapchat,things i dont need either
A big omission: The company ARM stood for "Advanced RISC Machines" and was a joint venture between Acorn and Apple, founded Nov 27th 1990. The ARM chip was built for the Apple Newton.
all fun and games until AMD comes out of nowhere and blows everyone out of the water
Power efficiency isn't just relevant to the mobile market. Power consumption becomes heat. The performance of desktop CPUs has been bottlenecked by thermal management for a long time now. A more energy efficient processor architecture is an important step to get past that limitation.
Thanks for this video!
The most shocking thing I heard in this video is that LoL doesn't work smoothly on Mac with a dedicated GPU.
You can never blame the HW alone for an an performance. That app even though it has the same interface, it is indeed a different SW running on a different OS. We all now that PC hardware can simulate any smartphone OS, I am not sure if a smartphone can run Windows.  PCs have a lot of peripherals and they are made to support an undefined number of use cases, that what makes them sophisticated and demanding. Comparing phone and PC HW performance by watching a video is disgrace to this channel. It seems tho that the market is moving toward making specific hardware for specific uses cases but intel will always be the general purpose CPU manufacturer.
It’s never the end of the story...watch this space 😉😊
i have never hated apple they may overpriced some other things but its still our choice to buy it  or we can choose android but now all companies r trying to do some damage to apple take epic for example all their bs and low prices  if they didn't  gamers only buy on steam and they bought exclusives to pc which is also owned by tencent(40%) and also had a stake in spotify , reddit many gaming companies . They r also saying some stuff  like how apple had advantage over the store i mean its their store and they created ecosystem they have advantage and also epic escaped the cut and now they r crying . The  30% cut  is big but they have other platforms so they r making so much as per small developers they reduced 15% which i like it i don't care about epic if they support small developers then its a good thing .
@ColdFusion I agree with you that it is a great technological advancement in terms of technology, the only glitch of it is that it is being used to create a bigger monopoly as from this point on, the chip and the OS is locked, the hardware is at an impossible to repair and on top of it Apple is lobbying to make repair illegal!  Try to fix your machine in the future, where instead of replacing the RAM/CPU/Storage/MoBo etc, you have to change the whole thing which is very very expensive and force exclusivity toward Apple!!!!  It is in this second respect is just a really big regression and given that Apple gets already BIG money from doing this way his business it won’t change easily unless, the users/customers realizes, that so long they are supporting such a regressive monopole they will be just slaves to “Planned obsolescence”!  Apple would start immediately service what users/customers want at the moment they see their stock going down steadily continuously one after the next! All big company backed by stocks and greedy investors and they want they ROI (Return Of Investments = $$$$) FAST, so if stock value goes down they will try to get it up by doing what users really ask!!!
Awesome content as usual!
Hey Dagogo, Great video as always, although I noticed you used some computerphile footage but can find no mention of it or link to their channel. You might be able to improve your videos even further by reviewing your references policy.  Once again great video, sincerely.
use some x86 instruction take multiple cycles to execute to show x86 is slower is so wrong, equivalent arm implement could needs multiple instructions. x86 is not slower than arm,x86 needs comlex logic to decode,so More transistor need, thus More power consumption. x86 is like:if a instructions  can  increase speed, then add it.(MMX, AVX arm only have pathetic 128bit NEON) arm is like:4 instructions can implement this function, is not nessary to add  new instruction. (I feel x86 assembly is More human friendly, arm assembly is hard to write, maybe because the compiler technology become mature, instruction design philosophy transformer form human wrote instruction program to compiler translated instruction program) and morden CPU are so advance   theoretically performance should be same.so what's caused proformamce difference? clock speed, cache sizes, branch prediction, RAM cold fetch time. x86 is faster , but  RISC is the future.
Well explain 👍👍👍👍
By the time Apple started using PowerPC, let alone when they stopped, Intel and AMD CPUs had already switched to translating CISC into RISC µOps, in the case of AMD literally originally based on their 29000 called own RISC ISA. The reason Apple went Intel was simple, because of economics of scale bigger numbers of products sold made it possible for Intel, especially their own Fabs, to invest more money in R&D and sell equivalently capable CPUs for less. And now with smartphones and tablets adding to the already decently sized embedded niche ARM had before, and Intel stuck with their own Fabs at a time of lagging behind, economics of scale add to the advantage of having a custom design for what you want to achieve, in addition to the advantage of not having to translate, but there has never been a CISC chip with more than a low hundrets of MHz, because that doesn't actually work. And all the non-Intel using companies naturally used RISC, all be it different ISAs, because once you do choose that you don't need emulated compatibility to an old ISA, you would naturally choose to natively use the actually sensible design. There is nothing about RISC that is less able to do this or that, or technical reasons, why they were used in higher end or by professional users. The reasons are all about company policies. Intel was chosen, wrongly so, to supply the original IBM machine, and all PCs using Intel or AMD since then, use x86, because they descend from an unbroken line of piece by piece iteratively improved IBM PC clones, that couldn't switch away from x86 without breaking compatibility, or systems that switched to IBM PC hardware, like Apple, because as it had most of the PC market and others were to small to compete.
Putting it in a laptop seems kind of backwards if you can keep it in a phone, and imagine it being connected to something  like google glass.
Apple in 2 years be like: Introducing the new revolutionary M2 competition. 405 times more powerful, top speed 280ghz and opens 60 chrome tabs in under 4.2 seconds.  pRiCe: 70k without options.  Apple the ultimate bankruptcy machine.
Excited for the future, laughing at comparing performance of an iMac to an iPhone. Lets do AMD 5000 series versus it to get a more realistic comparison imo. Still cool though, not to discredit Apple or anything.
Meaning that Apple will remain Apple for sometimes to come... very interesting
Apple's walled Garden jut got a mote built around it's perimeter. New tech in progression and innovation is good but I don't like being locked to one manufacture . Which is why in 2018 I stopped using Mac's and stopped using Iphone once my Iphone 3G started to expand due to the swelling of the battery. Understand why people like the simplicity Apple provides though, something I am willing to sacrifice.  Love the show great production as always keep up the good work.
Hi ColdFusion, always love your videos! However, as a lowly undergrad system guy, I do want to make a few points if you want to expand your researches on them:  1. The RISC architecture does strive to reach a CPI (Clock per Instruction) of 1. In theory, it is possible. But in reality, no. The CPU can fetch things in its registers (internal CPU memory) relatively quickly. Each of these instructions (not really called "fetch") would take 1 clock cycle. But going further away, not even to the RAM, would prove problematic. CPU stalls are usually needed even for fetching data from the cache. Then we have to talk about cache misses. When the CPU needs data from memory, it will try to find said data in the cache first. If it can't find the data, a "cache miss" occurs. The CPU will then need to go into memory, retrieve that data for BOTH the CPU AND the cache. This would take multiple clock cycles to complete. Sometimes, too many (depending on your caching method). Thus, even when they are advertised as "single instruction per cycle", don't believe that it is. The instruction set allows for it. But the laws of physics don't. Memory is simply physically further away from the CPU. It will take an engineering breakthrough to make memory access time as fast as register access time, not a CS breakthrough.   2. Many universities in the U.S. are teaching RISC-V or a simulated architecture based on RISC-V instead of x86. You can be sure that there will be quite a lot more effort put into researching for RISC-V. But the reason why x86 remained relevant and still is relevant is because of its philosophy. I totally agree that x86 is a bloated mess that needs to be purged. But personally, I don't fully agree with ARM's philosophy either. See, when you have fewer instructions, you have to simulate instructions you don't have with your existing instructions. This would  actually be ideal. But one thing you need to know is that many of x86 instructions are hardware-optimized - meaning that they have hardware built-in to support them. And in many cases, one instruction that takes multiple cycles may be faster that multiple instructions where each needs only one cycle. This fact combined with my previous point is the reason why there's still some appeal to x86.  That's about the extent of my knowledge. But I will say that I haven't met a single person (a student, instructor or someone from the industry) who enjoys working with the x86 ISA. It's a bloated mess. It bleeds my eyes when I look at the manual. But technology is going at a snail pace and never as fast as you portray it.
Technological advances like these have had the biggest impact on humanity in the past. This is how we progress as a species.  But, as long as Apple is keeping its technological progress from everyone else (you know, to make shit loads of money), it is no use for those who cannot afford it. Which I might as well add, is most of us.  Apple is tightening its grip on repair policies, and while making it even more difficult for existing users to leave the Apple ecosystem.  I hope Apple realises soon that they already have accumulated such amount of wealth that some might say its unfair. And maybe they can think about everyone else for a change.  But that isn't going to happen, M1 is just another business move for Apple, rather than technological.
I think it's about time for a video on the growth powerhouse Taiwan Semiconductor.  I am interested in what you could dig up about them.
16:10 I believe this is just flat out incorrect. The bottleneck for exporting files is the hard drive, not the CPU, this computer likely doesn't have a SSD but the phone does. For instance when I transfer 1TB from SSD to SSD it takes a couple minutes but when I transfer HD to HD it can take 5 hours.
Apple's M1 chip is a paradigm shift in the industry, no doubt about that! If the first gen is already so capable, then just think about the possibilities with future products!  I've never used any apple product, they are too expensive for me. And I've never really liked them due to some ridiculous things they like to do every now and then (ridiculously overpriced monitor stands, wheels, killing ports, the dongle situation, no charger with current gen of iPhones... the list just goes on and on..).  But I'm a big fan of tech. Any innovation is a win for the consumer. And I'm so happy that Apple is leading this change... I think only they could produce something so grand so effectively, because they have always had the tendency of holding up for a while and doing things right instead of blindly rushing to adopt a new feature. They have proven their innovative edge again. You can hate them for a lot of things but you can't deny the fact that they are the trendsetter.
I know you can get a PC with 4x the specs cheaper but apple will probably run better with less hardware due to optimization
And M1 was supposed to be low end chip. Imagine what apple can achieve with high end chip in their MacPro and Macbook Pro 16inch.   I’m honestly excited for the amount of battery that we will be getting after this.
You're confusing mobile chips with desktop chips. An M1 only reaches half the performance of any desktop chip.
lol sub 60 second fps on a game that already looks like crap
I hope their next processor will be named M1A1
For devs its useless at the moment.
It comes as no surprise to me that Apple is transcending the need for Intel chips. The trajectory they were on was very clear and the biggest road block was getting the sort of software traditionally reserved for desktop running on ARM. Once they'd overcome that they'd be able to completely thread the eye of the needle. With Apple now setting the benchmark the pressure is on Qualcomm to rise to the challenge and come up with ARM chips to power devices such as next generation laptops and surface tablets. Once Windows computers start running on ARM Intel will be worried because of how deeply invested they are in the x-86 desktop market. AMD have diversified a lot and their deals to supply chips for Sony and Microsoft's next generation game consoles gives them some breathing room to adapt to the changing landscape.
Nice Video....!!! But Thank you I'm happy with my HUAWEI...! And one day I hope East will not depending with the west in technology, lifestyle, and etc....! So we can back living in peacefully.
Great video! Fab writing!
love it
I'm sorry but you don't showed any reliable benchmark.
Dagogo makes it clear in the beginning "He is not an Apple fanboy". Why are people so afraid to praise Apple?
Intresting episode I love Apple's processors but their software and closed ecosystem is the only reason I haven't switched to the iPhone. Also normally companies reduce the price where there is innovation in efficiency but clearly Apple isn't doing that and that's just stupid and not the capitalistic approach.
Awesome content mate!
When you have people who are willing to buy a 1000 dollar smartphone without a charger, and when you are a company that takes a 15% cut of every app sold on the App Store,  you can do a lot of things.
M1 is Impressive but Apple devices will cost you an ARM and a leg...
Thank you!
you cant compare apple to orange...
Technology like this is amazing but unfortunately it can and will lead to terrible uses. I wish we used this stuff for benevolent and altruistic purposes, the uses for medical are amazing enough.
i feel like I actually need to get a macbook to stay competitive with other musicians now :/ Ableton with arm processing sounds like it will unbelievably fast
This is more bad for windows also.. Their arm version is at terrible position now...
Some dope shit right there 🤯
Rosetta 2 is a modern marvel
Lack of performances is not why Apple declined.
Hey idk if you read these comments but have you thought about doing content on TikTok? Despite the security concerns, there’s a lot of potential for you in the educational/tech/short-form-documentary side of TikTok
But can it run crisis???
Perfecto!!!
Please do a video on AMD and Intel's rift .
Back then, it was laughable to think that a low end ultra thin notebook can be used to edit 4k videos. However, we have such devices today. Now scale this to high end 15 inch laptops and desktop computers.
Ugh, 26 minutes I waited ! And I still don’t know if I can game on the new Mac!!!   All I wanna know is: can I play call of duty on the fukin thing !
If only Apple wasn't so inveterately greedy by locking their users into an environment with VERY limited adaptability, cost-effective repairability and user-focussed ethics! They have embraced a monopolistic approach since day one - and I don't see them changing even if they have the better hardware now...   I still won't buy their products unless this changes, as I don't intend to become just a financial resource for Apple to plunder until they consider my tech wellbeing, AT LEAST on a par with their profit margin & stock valuation!
What's scary is that the system is more tightly integrated than before. They removed all options for expanding storage or RAM. Meaning that apple further increases the control over the hardware instead of giving consumers the right to choose. The technology is impressive but the ideology of ever expanding control over the hardware through tactics like this and lobbying against right to repair that apple keeps pushing for feels like a giant red flag
I have only one question about this video: Who is Angelica?
Not super interesting but super expensive
Intel is literally just sleeping right now. Intel: (Casually watching Apple introduce ARM chips that beat their XEON chip and Nvidia+AMD release GPUs)
"Yes there was no power supplied connected to the chip,and yet it was running...perfectly from my car battery."
Apple's architecture is definitely superior. But to be fair, a large percentage of that performance and battery gain is coming from Apple having 5nm chips while Intel having 14nm. If Intel was also on 5nm, it would beat Apple on performance. Though it would still lag behind on "performance per watt".
With Nvidia recently acquiring ARM, things have already begun to get interesting. Will Apple make the switch to the even better RISC-V architecture which is open-source and thus royalty free? I guess they already have.
RIP Intel! Rest In PC
Arm has been round for a long time, Apple didn't change anything they opted to make there new cpus comply with a more efficient cpu architecture than the X86/X64 type.   Its nice to see for sure, but its for a different type of pc not your desktop replacement (at least not yet).
It never said where the commands went in the simple arm model
Do you trust Apple ? I like their products but sure they wouldn’t spare anyone out there including the “Consumers” US 🤕😤
not $1049.-  Apple Mac Pro Wheels Kit      $699.00   https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MX572ZM/A/apple-mac-pro-wheels-kit  although the normal feet are a steal at 299.- xd lmao
Apple's CPU and GPU engineers are definitely some next level guys. Intel is in a world of hurt being attacked by AMD on one hand and left behind by Apple.
Apple can only do this because they simply throw away legacy support. Try to run 32bits programs of yesterday in big sur.
I am gonna wait till 2030 and see what will they have
good very good
Wow i never thought ARM could beat pc, very interesting ! I hope windows and manufacturers like amd and mobo will make this possible for pc and not only apple
I have no interest in purchasing Apple, because of their higher cost and closed ecosystem, but this is exciting because I can't wait to see what the PC response will be. RISC-V might get a truck load of cash dumped into R&D because of this.
I feel the hype of the victory of arm over x86 is a bit to soon here. All I have seen are bad comparisons, with 1 thing being done on a thermal throttled intel cpu vs a different thing being done on the new m1 chip. Where in some cases its even being done on specific hardware designed to accelerate some task. The power of x86 is not to do things fast (why use gpu's otherwise) but to be able to do most things at a reasonable speed. Is arm better for most avg ppl for daily use, probably except program compatibility and thank you for fixing that apple. Is it better at being a cpu then x86 processors, maybe. But its kinda hard to tell when when your not doing the proper tests, but are doing things like: is my gpu better at being a gpu than my cpu.
These videos are great, thank you for your hard work!
Are you short Intel?
These guys compared ARM to Intel (Atom tho) a while ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR0x_yx-6Rg  Spoiler alert, a bog-standard phone grade Qualcomm SoC beats Atom handily in native apps.  It's Microsoft protecting their arch-pal Intel instead of providing best experience to their customers which made them lag behind.  My bet is, MS will continue denying this new reality of Intel being a dead-end until they become almost similarly irrelevant.
Apple users are now very proud of all the Apple tax pore into Apple R&D to get the performance they can’t afford anymore. Tho it opened a new opportunity for a mew generation of computing.  The M1 is a game changer.
Excellent Analysis, Deployed Worldwide Through My AI Research Library...
Intel tried to replace their aging x86 architecture with IA-64 but at that point, there were too many systems running on x86 so when AMD made a successful 64-bit extension of x86, Intel had no choice but to return to the x86 architecture. Also, I really don't like the way that people keep comparing ARM with x86 directly in benchmarks... Being completely different ISAs, there will places where each excel and blow the other out of the water so it really doesn't make sense to do one task and conclude that one architecture or one processor is superior to the other.
Seems like intel is gonna be next in line with Kodiak , Nokia
Would be nice with a link to that arm computerphile episode in the description. And the other videos used like the reviews.
No cloud processing?
its not going to change industry  because mac os hardly covers 1/10th of pc market .
Can Tesla's new battery be adapted to laptops and smartphones?
So now Intel or AMD need to figure out how to put an x86 chip in a smart phone, just for sh*ts and giggles.
do you think there will be a rise and fall of intel video in a few years to come?
Another awesome episode ❤️
Hope that the Windows Arm project will get to market soon, biggest problem right now is the availibility of dedicated arm programs, as its so inefficent to emulate them. Hope to get a gaming pc with good battery life, the once i had over the last years only had about 1-1.5hrs battery life.
It's just so ridiculous everytime youtube "testers" do their pointless tests like scrolling a webpage on a smartphone or opening and closing Chrome or Explorer.exe on a laptop. That shit is utterly pointless, it doesnt show anything. Any shitty cpu can do that, it literally takes 2% of your CPU to do that trivial nonsense. So show me the M1 chip doing something ACTUALLY powerful, not just zooming in and out of a jpg. Show me it running Total War Warhammer 2 in a 4v4 battle on max unit size, without slowing down when all units engage.  THEN i'll be impressed, becuase that's something no CPU can handle today. Show me a REAL-"Life" scenario where it is more powerful. Not just opening photoshop or a web browser. "Look how smoothly it scrolls and minimizes the windows". Yeah, any cpu can do that lol.
While I am excited to see how ARM will evolve even more, I would be sad to see x86 pcs to go away. I doubt that *any* arm based pc would be upgradable *at all.* I mean from *all companies*, not *just Apple.*
This is legitimately amazing.
Inte's dying.
And linus is still sour about this?
Still wouldn't buy one due to Apples piss poor principals when it comes to right to repair etc etc. Not to mention the phenomenal cost!
Intel is doomed I love it i bought best i7 pentium core 2 duos all f ed up this M1 im gonna get it.
Finally
Apple making it own chips has been obvious for years if you have been following the industry at all.
Yall can hate on Apple all you want but they’re 🐐 of the industry.
Lovely video
thanks for the video they should start making motherboards with quad CPU ARM support,That would completely annihilate any desktop/server PC in performance and also the thermal+power management will be phenomenal.
Only AMD can lead the fight against ARM now.
And so this is when first domino of building our corporate robot terminators began... with a single powerful chip.
your closing comments are so point on, and your voice is so soothing hahaha I never lose focus when watching your videos because of your voice. Great job as always.
Forget to say  Microsoft did this one year ago
Looks like AMD will be left with Radeon and Intel with the past.
Jai Shree Ram
Apple is again changing the industry. If they can keep the pace for the next 10 years new generation will forget about Intel & x86!
60fps in league? probabaly stop comparing it with other apple products. i have more than 7 times the fps on a rig sub 2k. obviously not a mac
I'm really excited but I am not switching to Apple! I hope Microsoft and hardware producers will switch to ARM
Windows 10 on Intel x86 is like the tech equivalent of Fred Flintstone's car, this new Apple gear is like George Jetson's.
I'm actually really curious to know why the M1 performs this well even when emulating apps. Because that for me is The biggest gamechanger when compared to 'windows on arm' : emulation doesn't suck (apparently), with a penalty below 50%. That is where the real Apple magic lies!  (Edit: Because the Sd865 should not be that much less powerful than the M1)
Your story should start from CISC vs RISC because that's the genesis of the hardware divide that defines the computer tech development
The 👑 belongs to APPLE
half assed info, fanboi style
No one:  Comments: Apple bad, samsung good
I knew ARM was better but this is mind blowing
I always hated apple for their practices but I known for sure they are not stupid. and i respected them for that
Its not just bad news for Intel..but PC market and Microsoft as well in the Long run..
Apple's logo is about to change to an apple without the bite from sin, and soon to be federalized. Thank you communist China for taking the bait!
Using Computerphile's interview without crediting is kind of crappy. EDIT: I stand corrected. Was watching on small mobile screen.
That was fascinating, love seeing this kind of progress.
Coldfusion somehow made instruction set architectures interesting and consumable to the average person. Never thought I’d be watching this type of stuff for something other than school haha
ColdFusion I really like your content, but the explanation about risc vs cisc where it comes to cyles and multiple cycles is a bit off. All the modern ARM arch are pipeline multicycle and I think even microcontrollers now days are like that. CISC processors run what the industry calls "microcode", it is kind of a hardware translation of CISC into RISC to try reduce the "size of the path" of a instruction
Man your videos are so immersive. Your voice, the sound and the content play so well together⚡️⚡️👌
for anyone, I only respect you in tech if you talk about technology like dagogo  you have to respect the other device's greatness regardless of what you have being a fanboy is being a fanboy, doesn't matter apple or android, it is annoying in any other tech space too   and yes I am kind of a liberal in tech
I literally JUST opened YouTube wondering where your weekly episode was
Phones to computer is BS period I have 10 fans and liquid cooling and will run circles around your most powerful phone period.
They also make shitty phones.
A GPU without a fan? I'm just not convinced yet. 70 fps on League of Lol is nothing, it's one of the least demanding games - intentionally so - to run on outdated hardware. And I wouldnt even accept this low of a framerate on my Desktop from 6 years ago. Bad example, and it even seems cherry-picked. Come back with actual results.  Also; I saw GTA **San Andreas**, Was that a joke or something? That game was released in 2004. You CANNOT showcase an integrated GPU like this, it only makes gamers point and laugh.
Theft. Capitalism and Slave Labor.
Even graphics can improve in m chip?
now we want a battery that lasts for months!
AMD will still be better?
Fuck Apple. Even if they cpu is best, what does it matter? Its locked inside a shitty iMac, a product on a shitty operating system that locks out 90% of all the games and programs you want to use, as on a traditional PC or windows laptop. So it literally makes zero difference or impact to me, because i'll NEVER get to use this cpu.
Just waiting on that sweet sweet MacBook pro 16 with an M2 BABYYYYYYY....Come on Apple Hit already I'm ready 🙌🙌🙌🤣🤣🤣
You didn't even mention Nvidia buying ARM
I never expected you to show IJUSTINE..I am disappointed. Sorry. Who else agrees?
Dose not need to explain which company phone you used. when comes about truth you have done realy good job.
But Nvidia just purchased ARM... Is this a problem for Apple?
Thanks apple idiots for funding this
Apple still refuses to reduce prices
.. this is really interesting ...
20:33 the guy on the left is just one of the worst tech reviewers  compared to other tech YouTubers
I love these long-form videos you make ❤️
adobe windows version is not arm optimized
WOW, THIS IS INTERESTING . ACTUALLY I HAVE MY OWN CHANNEL FILLED WITH GREAT CHRISTIAN CONTENTS. COME AND VISIT OUR EXCITING INTERVIEWS ON THE LINK BELOW https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCppB8jKHA6vYLtY1SCSLaHA
Screw Apple and their perpetual fight against right to repair. They're willing participants in the trend of making sure that you don't actually own anything that you buy.
Early RISC systems were slower than CISC due to RAM access bottlenecks. You needed to fetch a few short RISC instructions from RAM to do the same job as one long CISC instruction. Even though one RISC instruction was shorter, you needed more of them. RISC still had an advantage by not needing an instruction decode cycle. One definition of RISC is a CPU that has no microcode to decode instructions.
Intel is far from dead, they have invested a ton of money into new tech that will have them back on top In 2022.
Tbh, Intel probably made reasonable choice. Intel Atom's Mobile had atrocious performance and power consumption. On top of that, they were losing market to Athlon, and had to try salvage Itanium.
Now that Intel cant sit on its ass and slowly choke the life out of Moore's Law I expect the next decade in computing to be sick
That’s truly inspiring, and makes the future very promising to all of us!
This means we will get full Adobe suite on my phone soon yeahhhhhhhhh.
Should I pay my master's degree last semester tution fee or buy the new macbook ?
At 14:32 they’re advertising two sets of registers on the A7. I thought ARM was a stack architecture though
Why are we still asking how apple does it? we all know they like to hire people steal their ideas and fire them. And people still have the dumbass mindset to look surprised and say "WOw ApPUL Is InNoVATive, Houw Did THey DO It?" when in reality they are not, they are aeons behind most of the PC industry, their computers are half baked garbage. Their phones have also lost its innovative touch, the only thing that makes anything they make sellable is the fact that their entire system is connected so anything you practically do on ur phone can be sent to ur tablet/laptop and their cloud service. The only problem with that is its practically impossible to own something else and make it work the same, bcus they obviously want you to buy ALL their overpriced obsolescence bricks.
This honestly makes good sense The easiest way to make cars faster is stripping unnecessary weight  Same shit with computers
hey Apple fanboys, why does Intel/Supermicro still dominate the data center market? Yep. Crickets. But keep following your high priced cult for the latest, greatest and most expensive things. That's why Intel will never go away. Intel powers data centers that run servers to host your cat pictures or your social media posts.
Is that really what image zooming is like in Adobe PSP (on PC)? Holy sh**. I use Corel Paint Shop Pro, and it's exactly the same. It's as if no software engineer thought "Hey, why don't we update the graphics engine in our image editor so it zooms in smoothly on PCs..."
iJustine isn't a creditable source. She used to store all her files on external harddrives and put them in a box.
I do not hate Apple!  I hate "Apple Fanboys" that buys ONLY Apple no matter what Apple do. That is why Apple does the bad things they do mentioned in the video! Cuz they can when all the fanboys just buy it anyway!
Awesome, thank you!
I recommend all of you to go check out the Channel: Created Labs, to see what magic the Base MACBOOK AIR M1 is. His vids are great and thorough. Bye PC.
Imagine the crypto mining shit starting with this
I'm just wondering what this means for emulation...
It’s like replacing the heavy and fuel hungry 5.7L 370HP V8 engine in a Dodge Charger with a more fuel efficient 1.5L Nissan DIG-TR with just 3 cylinders but can produce a whopping 400HP!  Thing is... it’s not even an exaggeration, that’s why I’m so hyped up about it. ARM/RISC is the future of mobile computing—perhaps, the whole computing space.  It’s kind of sad that people aren’t aware how massive this recent move by Apple actually is!   Competition is good but I’m guessing it’ll take a minimum of 1.5 years for rivals to catch up and by then, Apple will be lightyears ahead of them and their attempts (competitors) will most likely still be half-baked.  (BTW if you have cash to spare, now’s the right time to invest in Apple and ARM Holdings because their stock prices are bound to skyrocket)
Me too android forever
I don't know why people buy Apple products. They won't allow you to repair or upgrade, they charge an arm and a leg for their product. I feel like android moved to unreplaceable batteries because they saw that Apple could get away with their little games. People are stupid so why not screw them.
Apple is a walled garden that's not the kind of compotation we need  PC are just that Personal Computers open and free. Also didn't Nvidia just buy ARM I hope that's for the best.
I have learned RISC in university, it's a really easy instruction set to learn and understand.
Being someone who is into tech I love this video thank you very much I love their choice to go to Apple M1 processors I think it’s revolutionary
“It seems everybody hates Apple these days”.   Meanwhile.... sales are through the roof (greater than ever in before), and company is valued at $2 trillion (more than any other in the world).  Perhaps you’re in a bubble?
Yknow 2020 had a whole lot of bad, but for whatever reason, this year was also the year that a bunch of next generation tech came out. Nvidia and AMD released their new graphics cards, the new ryzen processors have absolutely demolished Intel in any lead they mightve once had, and the ARM processor is finally starting to overtake x86 processors. 2020 will be remembered mostly as an awful year, but I'll remember it as the year that computational technology took a big step forwards.
Xiaomi please make a copy of apple chip and sell it to us at 1/3rd price for us peasants
My Lenovo Chromebook Duet is also powered by an ARM chip. I am really impressed by its performance. I love its battery life.
This video is very flawed... You only compared Intel CPUs to the M1 chip which Intel has been stagnate for a decade now. While AMD is just superior in every way now so saying all x86 chips are bad because of Intel is very misleading, an AMD Razen 9 5600X might beat the M1. Which is a system on a chip anyway which means it's not just a CPU but also a graphics card and ram so comparing it to just a CPU is deeply flawed. You should have compared it to an AMD Razen 9 5600X with a Nivida 3070 instead, you know better come on.
And here we can see how big was for NVIDIA to buy the ARM shares from Softbank previosly this year.
Im happy the technology is moving forward, im just sad that apple has control over it, over the accessories, over dognles , over freedom of repair, over overpriced devices. Its just sad
don't get all dis Apple hate. they genuinelly push da industry fwd nd cater to a totally diff audience group than Windows and Android does (e.g well optimized hardware + software, premium designs, etc.)
Apple PC's have always been underpowered compared to regular desktop though so it isn't very surprising. AMD's Ryzen is king right now. 1744 is impressive though. This is fantastic for laptops.
everything is great and all, but now comes the real problem...how to emulate/port all of our X86-64 programs to ARM
intel lost it's 25% share/market-cap Value since Apple's M1 chip announcement
@dagogo, your are sooo cool and I love the way you do things so neutrally and good for all! This is a very Aquarian trait (if you know what I’m talking about)....cheers! Love ya man!
Short $INTC
So can it run free softwares now and send Bluetooth data with android?
When I saw the real life performance of the M1 chip, I immediately realised that Intel single-handedly trapped the whole PC world if not killed it. Yes AMD CPUs are catching up and even crushing Intel's latest line-up. But the power efficiency of ARM architecture is something current x86 cannot reach. As a PC guy I can only hope AMD or Microsoft can put more resources into chip R&D.  And speaking of Microsoft, the SQ chips are garbage and Qualcomm is literally another Intel.
Coldfusion long episode Me - yyyyyeeeeeeessssssssss
BIG MEDIA HAS ALWAYS BEEN AND ALWAYS WILL BE....  AN  ENTITY USED IN DECIMATION OF PREPARED TALKING POINTS  IN ORDER TO CONTROL THE NARRATIVE WHILE SERVING THEIR INTEREST....
I wondered for some years now when ARM (or other RISC archs like RISC-V) will replace x86. It was just a matter of time as the RISC designs are inherently more efficient and x86 is a huge, bloated monster that is practically locked to 2 companies, stiffling competition and innovation.
Great video
Wow. Between machine learning and all these tech innovations the world really feels like it's on the cusp of creating a post-scarcity post-work utopia.  Obviously that's not gonna happen. Us wagecucks and 3rd worlders are going to be forced to extinction rather than being allowed to live in that world.
How did Apple do what? Built a 5nm ARM chip that uses 12 watts? Simple. They paid TSMC to use their best process node... money. I bet they would have done a better laptop if they owned AMD and used the Ryzen 5000 series and built a custom SKU with that architecture.  Now, try to game AAA (not league of legends) on this ARM chip, or try to do molecular dynamics with it, try to do virtual machines with it, try anything that will not use the acceleration, either efficiency goes down or performance is not there. Then try to repair this laptop after warranty ends. This is basically an undervolted 15W ARM "Ryzen" where the performance of 4 cores has been sacrificed for battery life during media and browsing and acceleration for a few things builtin. I see you are mistaking the CPU capabilities for the OS more than anything, if the OS does not use acceleration for something this cpu offers then performance is crap. The OS has been tailored to work well on the CPU, albeit not in all workflows (because it is reduced instruction set and requires workflows that can be easily compiled for it). The OS is the real star here. I can run android in desktop mode on laptop for a week if not more, but only if i decode video in an accelerated way and the browser does as well, and Apple is selling you that feeling of a 'poor man desktop for a rich man'. In the end it is good for most users, but it is nothing revolutionary, just evolutionary and certainly not 'a desktop'. You are already using a mobile phone for days with a mere 2500mAh battery, and this is just a mobile phone chip that is a few times faster but the battery is also many times bigger, but it is still a mobile phone chip with all the restrictions that come with it. The strength of CISC is exactly the 'complex' part of it, so that anything can run fast no matter how compiled of how well compile-able. For having RISC do well as CISC we need our ecosystem rebuilt from grounds up, and this can barely work on a closed system as Apple's. If you try the same on widescale you get into the mess that is Windows for ARM with no apps and Linux kernels built for ARM that either have patch problems with some apps or have missing apps. Why? Programmers are lazy and want to work less to achieve their goals.  The real reason Apple went with this is to be able to close their system even more, they could have used a customized low power Ryzen, but they felt they do not want to depend on other companies, having felt the Intel problem recently.  P.S. check the benchmarks of the latest low power mobile 8/16 core Ryzens and the media/browsing battery life before replying, and take into account that Apple is on 5nm while AMD still on 7 and using a generic non optimized for the hardware OS (Windows). Then you will understand that this chip is not the awe, but the console approach to the laptop is.  What we really need is an ARM CISC processor (from scratch not x86), so that we developers can code happily without having to know the innards of the CPU to run it well and have the architecture open unlike x86 that is held by Intel and AMD. I for one do not want to "code for consoles" when coding for a PC, it is wasted optimization time for what? Somebody that does not want to charge a laptop every day? If Apple devs want to do that fine, but not something I want as a description of my job or I need as a user. On the job side it takes away creativity time for tedious work, and as a user I can only see this useful to a very small niche, since x86 laptops already work for a full day for basic use. It is not the time to compare Apple to Intel, Intel has been dead for years, we need to compare to AMD that has revolutionized the laptop market recently while still being behind Apple in the process node (actually two nodes behind), and some 100 billion $ behind as well.
Intel will be another nokia and blackberry, soon.
This is why I love your channel, always keeping up with the news and giving a clear and concise overview of the relevant information out there. Keep it up Dagogo!
Great work as always
I can see myself using an ARM-based (non-Apple) laptop running Linux in 5 years time if Apple nudge the industry in that direction.
I dont think they changed the industry
Crazy to be alive to see such a switch in the tech field. Can't wait to see where we are in about 3 years. Love the videos Dagogo. Anyway to get hoodies again?? 👀
I wonder if RISC5 could do the same thing in the future, or if we'll see wider risc support in the desktop space at all (outside Apple)
man , I love this channel
Love watching your fantastic documentaries.
They weren't kidding when the made the motto: "think different"
Yeah.  It might be nice.  But, apples greed with price will out weight it’s performance.
2:40 that actually took ages, my pc can open chrome literally instantly
Please talk about Xiamoi
Apple is an asshole company. Don't buy anything from them. I know most of the other biggest companies are no saints too but Apple is on another level.
Well, it's anything can happen 2020
I just want to grab a wireless keyboard and mouse, turn on "Work" mode on the phone and view it on my "looks just like normal glasses" AR headset, so I could finally get rid of the tower and monitors. Then I want to start a "Game" mode and play in the same way. Is that too much to ask?
I hope AMD has something up their sleeves to counter this onslaught else the pc laptop market will be decimated.
This video implies that the M1 chip is faster because it's ARM. However there are plenty of non-Apple ARM desktop and server chips, which are no where near as powerful or revolutionary. The key part is that the Apple ARM chips are both efficient and fast.  Second, this video also implies that x86 chips aren't RISC chips. This was true in the past. Today Intel and AMD x86 chips have been RISC chips under the hood for well over a decade. What also blurs the lines, is that plenty of ARM chips have lots of specialised instructions. Like a classic CISC design.
Now I regret not paying much attention to my Solid state electronic s engineering classes😭
Apple needs to be soooo much better performance in order for me to even consider buying their products because they are so anti consumer.
this channel is so unthinkably good
Watching this during lockdown in my country,ur voice relaxing me,not to to mention the quality  of your vids. Thank you...
The reason I don't like Apple is they want to curate my user experience instead of letting me control how I use their products. It's like having a helicopter parent.
wtf is wrong with Intel, that's embarassing. I've been looking to switch to a Ryzen CPU too
So where does that leave WIndows and PC's?
Amazing video as usual, but it would have been interesting to also have the current desktop CPU manufacturer on the market, AMD.
M1X first 25% more increase! M2 50%
So apparently Apple is pushing AMD away so it will be their turn to kick intel's corpse.
Computers in the next five years will be very exciting.
This will be good for robots.
I'm still a bit skeptical, defining X86 as CISC today is a bit misleading as its adopted (much of)* the RISC approach that ARM uses. Its hard for me to say with any deal of certainty if this is a story of hardware accelerators becoming more important or if its actually the ARM instruction set being far superior to X86. Theres just so many variables to control for here.
"Most important moment in computer history"?  No. Well yes but not because of Apple.
You could say they got the JOB done.
"seems like everyone hates Apple these days" How does that even compute when they keep gaining more market shares and its increasing value.
I hope with these new breakthrough, other manufacturers will compete, increase RnD to make the best and benefits end users so we can watch unstoppable cats video around the world.
The US is done for in chip manufacturing. In the future, computer processors will be made in South Korea or Taiwan or maybe China.
WAIT LET ME GO AND GET BREAD 🍞 AND MILK 🥛
F you Intel
Intel has become a punching bag, AMD, Nvidia & Apple are going Mike Tyson on it.
its the Big Mac
2:59 That comparison is useless, since he's not even the same software. Displaying pictures is not just displaying pictures.
our universe is run inside M100
Get rid of the Touch Bar and bring back the LED apple logo and everyone would be happy... also maybe 4 standard USB c ports per laptop?
Yeah i highly doubt the a14 performs better then the 10900k. There is something missing
I need new computer
I was literally eating popcorn when this video started.
**INTEL, thank you so much for the severe f&*k-up on your part otherwise we likely wouldn't be here...**
I actually just got an ad for the iphone 12, right as you said intel couldn't imagine the iPhone selling well
But we are already maxed out at 5 nm. Moore's Law is coming to an end!!!
Less air pollution because of computer processing power... yeah it's good news
It's so great. But it's high price and greed may become it's downfall. As price is king!
Dagogo, you are amazing and wonderful!  Thank you!]
I don't care whether my software is running on x86 or arm. I don't care who developed or built the chip. But I will not buy hardware from a company that is so blatantly involved in a war against it's own customers. So... I'm excited for competition, I guess 😂
Apple is the company that sets innovation. Others play catch up at first. Then they surpass apple. At this others ridicule them. And then  apple innovates something new with a bang.
Brother you really know how to create your story. Well done!
I have been following your channel since 2 years. You are the best in your niche! Way to go Dagogo. Love and respect from Armenia
Intel: im sorry M1: don't be sorry be better
Intel need to wake up now. It feels like intel lacks vision.
This was a fascinating video. Thanks. I have never been a fan of Apple. Least of all this year, but I do appreciate innovation like this. It gets me excited for the future. nVidia purchased ARM recently, so I can't wait to see what they do with it. I'm sure it will involve machine learning to some extent based on the path nVidia has been going.
Intel is kinda Doomed unless they do something revolutionary now 😅
And RISC-V is about to disrupt Data Centre, Edge and HPC.
ARM chip was first with laptop performance
For crying out loud cold fusion that comparison of a phone rendering a video faster then the pc is because the dumb dumb who made that video didn't know he had to have hardware acceleration on... thats like comparing a car thats going 10mph to a cyclist going as fast as he can Edit: yes yes, you get it the damn software didn't have the checkbox for hardware acceleration checked... god dammit you're making a fool of yourself
Intel is now out of competition until it launches something gigantic in the world of Processing, i fear we may see another example of failure just like Nokia in just a span of few years.
Can you use the description section for what it is intended for and not just plug a bunch of crap????  I am clicking this video in a public, noisey area and wanted to get an overview of what the video was about, not where I can find you or buy your book, no offense, just a suggestion.  It's not just you that does it Dagogo/Cold Fusion, so yeah, don't take it personally, heh
Dont really like apple but this m1 chip is amazing
Transition of code support from x86 to arm and even cross compilation will take period, better wait for till it matures
Amd is the future
Microsoft did it first and nobody gave a ahit
I had chips for lunch today.
Thank you for your wonderful presentation, I got a lot of information thank you very much.💐💐💐
I love your videos, it's high quality content
iPhone 12 Pro Max Gap Issue https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvDABUQqwqs&feature=youtu.be
Honestly, I don't understand why anyone would be upset about this. This is probably the most exciting thing to happen to computers in well over a decade or longer. That type of power and efficiency only means the upcoming processors will be leagues ahead of what we have today or could have had with x86. We were all blown away by AMD's progress and by the looks of it, this new ARM architecture will make that look like peanuts by comparison. If this is indeed what Apple used its billions that it charged for their overpriced hardware, I say it was money well spent. And it's sure as hell more than what Intel has done with its industry lead and revenue.  The big question is, will traditionally x86 manufacturers get on this bandwagon, or will they eventually fall behind and die? It's just crazy to think that we have reached a point where mobile devices (phones) have the same or greater processing power than full-fledged workstations. When things catch on in the software realm, who knows what kind of amazing things it'll open the door to.  As someone who is critical of Apple, I gotta give them props on this one. They earned it.
The M1 is colored black because it just came back from Intel’s funeral
I think this video it´s a bit overexagerated in some areas. It´s an excepcional chip, but those syntetic benchmarks or those very few tasks where it can shine over some very powerfull desktop parts, are not representantive of the general performance difference and raw brutte force and power of high TDP chips. The 10900k and much weaker chips, like desktop r5 6/12 would stomp the m1 in anything that uses more than 2 fast cores. The 10900k it´s like 150-200% faster in multicore. Every1 seems focused to compare the m1 to previous apple products, which almost never had the most powerfull mobile cpus to begin with from intel, and every1 forgets that mobile ryzens are stomping  the most powerfull mobile intel chips in many ocasions by 50-70%. Some of those are available at prices these macbooks coming with the m1. The 4800u at the same 15w limit as the m1, it´s 30% faster in multicore (that´s only running at 1.8ghz).
Not sure how much of it is due to HBM memory, I guess we'll find out when other competitors start using HBM on their CPUs
That Jonathan Morrison clip is misleading however, what he is instructions the two programs to do are not the same process, whilst impressive, and there is no doubt the M1 has great performance, it’s not a fair comparison
Good video
Hey there Android brother
I just wait until ARM catches up with Apple's chip. Worst customer service is from Apple on the market.
23:37 "These kinds of machines can be less expensive" Not if they are built by Apple.
I am on the constant search for the fastest mobile chip .. I have Snapdragon Prozessors from 801-865+ ..and I'll LOVE THEM.. Nevertheless I would NEVER buy any apple products.. At least not directly from the company ...
17:42 but you can’t edit Final Cut Pro or Adobe premiere on an iPhone. Also, the amount of ram the M1 chip has which is 8 or 16 GB is not enough for a fast 8K footage editing and exporting when comparing to a 64 gb desktop. It is not enough for a fully professional use yet. However, it is certainly wonderful to see how power this chip is
I love Steve Jobs and his "Different but Confident" thinking.... Thanks Dagogo, for bringing these videos for us for free... Lots of Love from India.
Please make em shorter! 16mins is a bit long tbh!
But since it is apple the tech won't be used to it's full extend and copyrighted to death. It is cool and all but will probably never be used to full potential because there will be no chip like an intel or AMD that you can just plop into a real PC.
More like "How ARM changed the whole industry".. :)
But the most important question was not even asked, nevertheless answered! So, here I am making the question that is on everyone's mind. Literally can't talk about pc or mobile performance without answering me this;    Will it run crysis?
The quality of your content is absolutely amazing! keep on! Greetings from Greece.
"IT RUNS LOL IN  F U L L  RESOLUTION!" AWSDFGWEASDAWEGWEA IM DYING
One of the finest videos I have seen. 😍
Intel : "CHUCKLES" I'm in danger
Actually ,no...comparing desktop CPUs with ARM CPUs is like ....Apples to Pears.
I can tell you how they did it, it's called slave labor.
Can't wait ARM chips on Windows. Intel are the past now.
Apple is overrated. Industry my arse
Can someone  tell me what kinda chip was used in the game cube?
Intel is going to join ibm, Xerox, kodak and nokia
2:50 they just compared Lightroom on the new Mac to Photoshop on Surface smh. The performance graph is also disingenuous since there are no units just some XXX2006 shit. But yes iPhones are insanely good at exporting (rendering) video, no one explains exactly why though.
An ad money can't buy.
Terrible generic edit
As a viewer of Louis Rossmann's YouTube channel please excuse me if I'm highly skeptical of Apple doing much anything good before I watch this video. Change my mind.
That linear improvement of Apple makes me think they already perfected it, then made it slightly better than the original each year to maximize profits.
Time to buy APPL
I think after watching the video I think that intel did not improve their power because they may have known the results if processing improved that it will need more power and will promote more heat. They know the isuue but can't abundant it as they already missed the bus for arm ( consideiny power consumption by i9 )
I've been holding a PPTX presentation today from 9 to 6 using apple tv to steam on a screen, with the macbookpro 13" 16gb and the device wasn't plugged since last night. Tonight, my device still has 51% battery!!!!!!! Mindblowing!
That Intel/Apple graph is disgusting. Their golden product has never been the iPhone- it has always been their CPUs.
I like Microsoft but it really makes me feel good that Apple is doing something we can rejoice as a consumer.
Apple vs PC battle intensifies
I will wait until we get a power equivalent ARM Processor for Windows laptop
Is this worth apple and the government spying on you? That is the question
Amazing video.
Everyone's is innovating while Intel: 14nm+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
So when Intel gonna evolve?
Now this is innovative, apple
I've been an engineer in the semiconductor industry for 30 years, I can tell you that I'm not sure who exactly is excited about Apple's Supposed "changing of an industry". Arm architecture is not a sufficient replacement for any device that isn't using Applet Based programs. Aka, "programs that can fit almost completely in SOC cache." Arm architecture's biggest limitation is it's I/O, which is OPPOSITE the direction x86 architecture is going. Expect Apple to make the best cellphone chips that can run Desktop LIKE apps. But when actual deep branching is required it is simply no replacement for a complex instruction set.  What Apple Excel's at, is putting purpose built accelerators on chip to attempt compensating in areas where arm is inheriently weak. The issue here, is It would be even easier for the more complex architectures to do the same thing, and glean greater performance. These chips will undoubtedly be "performance per watt" champions, but that only really matters in things like cellphones and tablets and perhaps low end laptops where battery life is more important than performance.
I am looking forward to the new AMC Zen 4's and 3nm tech.   And Apple won't release their M1 for use in one card computers - like a Raspberry pi or for IOT applications.  So - I'm not a fan.
I think I speak for most of us enthusiasts when I say, we just want Apple to compete on a level playing field with all the other companies in the market. Instead they are trying to compensate with marketing tactics and a "walled garden" kind of approach, and I really wish they didn't.
I understand why you put out the disclaimer after watching the video man . People are going to troll you cause they think your an apple sheep but the video is really informative 👍
I still love intel, but i am afraid they will go bankrupt if they continue their current way of doing business 😔
Fabulous, more new exciting ways for Apple to rip their customers off, they will be camping for days ready for the Apple vampires to start feasting.
I can't think about what's the future of Intel, 10 years from now....
I still think if you do liquid, smoke simulations intel Will perform better than a14
Imagine MKBHD and Coldfusion collaborating for a video.
ahhh wonderful! great progress being made! 2021 is going to be interesting
Forgot to mention how Apple pressured Acorn to spin off ARM as a seperate company, and heavily invested in them, to help build processors for the original Newton.
apple is still lobbying against the right to repair behind the scenes.
I don't tink that anyone is actually surprised by adapting ARM in laptops. It's just that Windows laptops can't afford to just wipe every single legacy x86 application and start from scratch. Every single thing needs to be rewritten.
This is a hall of fame video, thank you so much for such an amazing explanation, and although I have been a big fan of tech improvements and innovations, I have not seen things as clearly as you have explained them in this video, much appreciated, and I am looking forward to the next one 💟.
I always thought that mobile in future will have upgradable ram cpu gpu like a pc .  But now it's opposite.
Well now i wish i invested in ARM, however no regrets about investing in Apple, considering whats happening in a giant Asian nation thats enslaved a religious minority for profit
In the statement that A14 performs better than i-9 10900k the metric was left unexplained so I was just wondering how did you mean the A14 performs better? I just want to know the metric that was used here because I didn't get it.
I have to say that i expected more from ColdFusion, firstly the title is clickbait, they have not changed anything yet.  When it comes to the M1 chip being some revolution, all he provided were some smartphone reviewers opinion on youtube which proves nothing.  One example we have is the A14 bionic, it is fast... For some time, when you put it up on a real benchmark that lasts for under 20 minutes the snapdragon wins, why? Because the A14 starts to throttle, building a chip that can put out a lot of power is easy, building a chip that can put out all that power for more than 10 minutes without throttling that is another story, the A14 couldn't do it, maybe the M1 can or maybe it can't we have no idea yet.
They did it with slave labor and they are fighting a bill that will hold them accountable for their actions.
I love the future... dammm
the fact how both microsoft and intel failed to estimate the succes of iphone show how flawed they are as companies.
Why didn't you credit computerphile?
This is the future of portable/performance computing. Too bad that we are still supporting a company that has many questionable and objectionable events in it's history.
Now is the time to make high performance ARM chips onto standard mini-itx motherboards so the community can start building custom systems. We'd push the computing envelope forward by years.
Apple and AMD are gonna kill Intel at this rate!
25:15 agree
Nicely composed
The main aspect that many people don't like about Apple is lack of freedom. Product wise they've always been good and have done amazing things and people know that.
New Apple tech now costs an ARM and a leg.
You should trust channels like Linus , hardware unboxed  i.e any of guys perspectives rather then less tech savvy people like mkbhd or Jonathan Morrison. They are not the ideal guy when u see a review of the processor . So please wait for Linus video cold fusion or any other similar tech youtubers video.
Instead of creating a new type of battery to keep our laptops lasting longer - Apple went in a different direction - optimization. Like you, I'm super happy we live in these times and can enjoy this progress. Great mini-documentary as always.
very nice chips . i think the future could be cooler if they could make chips for laptops ipads iphones . that is not on the hardware board of the phone or laptop . but make the battery power the phone and plant a unibody chip .  like most smarthphones now the antenna,s are build in the outerband of most phones , wich apple pioneerd with the iphone 4 . to  a smaller maybe longer chip in that band . so it can use power from bluetooth wifi 5g frequencies . then u got an chip that is also the antenna and u have more space inside the phone for more innovations
I really want them to either partner with someone like AMD or to work on their own dedicated graphics solution. The CPU blows away anything that has the description ‚mobile‘ in front of it right now. Imagine these machines also running games and rendering better than any competitors.
Dude you have no idea how excited I get when I see you have posted a video. The information you present is so easy to digest
Glad this video begins explaining precisely why I hate apple! Big fan of Louis Rossman!
We need to be clear here: ARM isn't magically better than x86; ARM just happens to be better where extremely low power usage and heat generation are important. Apple has not done anything revolutionary. All they've done is drastically change the tuning of the ARM cores to heavily favor performance over power efficiency. Guess what? If you do this, you get more performance at the expense of power usage. Modern ARM cores also have hybrid core setups where there can be a combination of high-speed low-efficiency cores and high-efficiency low-speed cores, as seen in every "octa-core" phone on the market today. If AMD were to take a Ryzen chip and tack on similar efficiency cores to modern ARMs, they would achieve a similar result to the ARM M1 chips: extreme efficiency during near-idle use and extreme power when in heavy use.  Let's be real, though: Apple's M1 chip doesn't perform quite up to the hype. GeekBench shows the M1 is faster than tons of stuff, but it's a synthetic benchmark that's relatively useless. HandBrake tests show the reality: an M1 is faster than an i5 and slower than an i9. Wow! You built a machine with i7-equivalent performance and efficiency cores, what a revolution.  _yawn_  Oh, and let's remember that these are being benchmarked against previous-gen MacBooks in most places, and those are 2-3 Intel chip generations behind, making the benchmarks of the M1 even less impressive.
For the 1st time I came to know about the full form of ARM.
2:56 is he really comparing LR vs PS?
Well, this is what happens in tech industry when you're open to share, you become a lot more productive.
Another awesome breakdown analysis
Not really.
You made a complex subject very simple, thank you and always good to hear your voice.
Man this video was so well produced
FB, AMAZON, Apple, GOOGLE, and Twitter (to name a few) scare me. I wish there was another company out there to counter them, one that considers data private, and stays on the political sideline. ELON! Do you hear me?
All this power is going to be handy for the Apple AR glasses. Google glass had me so excited when it first came out, it lacked to hardware.
im still using the 2012 mbp retina.. i will wait for the next gen
MAX TECH!!!
26 minutes 27 seconds of just propaganda and references to other Youtube channels, poor video editing, no new ambient music, no unknown footage or stories but just the same ones we all know about ARM, Nintendo, Gary Kildall, etc..., hey Dagogo, are you running out of money to pay for writers and content creators?
I learnt the actual name of ARM today,
As all 1st gen products think about getting those devices, but I think this shows the potential for the future of the mobile workstation notebooks. Nice video 👍
M1 can't run minecraft RTX so useless...
SOC & ARM are the future.
If we can afford apple in the first place...
00:40 I don’t. Except their phones. Commenting from my iPad
Apple only took what others have made and purchased it. Apple changed absolutely nothing, they just stand on the shoulders of giants.  ARM development has been happening for quite a while without Apple's interference.
Imagine thinking that the a14 performance is better than an i9 lol. It's not. This is retarded.
*AMD can beat intel. Apple can beat intel. But intel can’t beat intel*
Making devices irreparable should be illegal. The state is our enemy. Where is green peace?!
🍎
This is applicable to battery powered devices only.  X86 workstation with also a powerful GPU is not comparable to a portable device's compute power; at least for for many, MANY generations.
The only people who hate apple are people who don't use it. I can't believe that there are people who extensively tried windows and mac os and still genuinely prefer windows. The one and only reason i use windows is because of cad programs.
I apple-solutely love this new chip. It's so a-peel-ing and awesome to the core.
I hope Microsoft take note very seriously of this and be better than their previous venture, Surface X.  I believe Nvidia will throw their hat into the desktop ARM processor race soon.
0:45 „Recently they‘ve made their products impossible to repair“.  I‘m sorry, but that’s just wrong. They locked the back camera to the logicboard with the iPhone 12, but that didn’t make it impossible to repair. The iPhone still is the most repairable phone on the market. Most times you even get the needed tools with spare parts if you order them online. There is a whole subculture for repairing iPhones here on YouTube.  Don’t get me wrong, it became much harder to repair iPhones in the recent years, but it’s far from impossible. Especially if you compare it to most other brants, which are just permanently glued shut.
Very nıce video
Before even watching, what and exaggerated title, seriously... Nothing changed, Apple us just using a high performing RISC processor on a mobile SOC. Nothing will be changed, everything is changing in the industry.
Apple only does well bc of their government spying partnerships
hi good work sir ....   I ADMIRE YOUR WORK ... KEEP IT UP
You are watching coldfusion Tv....... Yeah...
intel is trash now
Apple will always change the industry path. Because they have stomach for innovation and risk
Who else is here since it was *"ColdFusTion"* before?   He used to praise every Galaxy Note as a computer like experience.
Apple buyers r suckers...
Apple: Think different....by copying others, then sticking that gay apple logo on it and selling it at excessive markup prices in stores that have unprofessional, hipster sales and "genius" staff. Hateful company. Sold everything I had that was made by Apple.....best decision EVER
A phone that has more power and is expensive than PC/Laptop
great video. I  really wanted that Acorn Archimedes but could never afford it.
I feel like every Processor manufacturers is just killing Intel right now
Well done dude as usual. This is better than broadcast networks documentaries.
When it's coldfusion content, only one thing comes in mind. *Quality Content*
Intel should make their own PC brand. Imagine the possibilities
Once again great vid thank u  😎🇺🇸
The M1 is cool, but can Apple stop fucking over anyone who tries to fix their devices on their own?
I got so many answers from this video. Thank you so much, ColdFusion!
Their geekbench single core performance is impressive and i ditched intel when Ryzen comes along
Changed the entire industry huh? That title alone is wrong. Whatever Apple is making, it already exist in other companies. Apple has a great marketing. But they do not change the industry.
Funny, I just ditched Apple for an intel computer. So much better. Word is all the ethically minded and technically proficient people are leaving Apple
AMD comes with ARM CPUs and destroys intel again.
Looks very interesting. I'll listen that toworrow, thanks
Mind asking what is your phone and company of choice?
People don’t realise how bigger deal this is! Data centres are already using 96 core 389 Thread ARM cpus! The future of apple is cool! ( literally ) ! 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓😎😎😎😎😎😎
Nuclear powered reactor power plants and Small modular reactor ( Nuscale ) deserve a video !!!
I'll never understand how someone could dislike a ColdFusion video
I miss being a “machead”...or as you kids say these days, an “Apple Fanboy”...oh the glory days when Steve was still alive, when going to the Apple Store was an event and not the chore that it is today. I am in the market for an updated MacBook seeing as my late model 2013 MBP is just not keeping up with the SLOG that is my Lightroom catalog :-( I KNOW that these M1 powered Macs would elevate my workflow for years to come but...I just don’t like Apple anymore...but...going back to windows after DECADES is just...
I like your videos but can you please turn on the subtitles ?
7:35 that gave me Computerphile vibes right there. The binary background, the green highlighting and general style of the frame reminds of the channel computerphile.
Apple is best when it comes to innovation
well ... think about cisc and risc CPU technology ... what is the next !?
Your videos are amazing . I have learned many things from your videos.  Love the " you are watching cold fusion tv " . You're a genius guy. Keep up doing good work.
I learned so much! I was pretty impressed with the Apple reveal of the M1 architecture and performance specs. But the background you provide helps me contextualize it. Great work!
This and in chip cooling are going to change how we use our phone and our laptop.
You have tech pun dents like Linus hating on apple every chance he gets......you have to pay him to like your product
Marketing
Very coolbeans
Do a rise and fall on Concorde.
"They upped the power budget on the hardware they've been putting in their phones, slapped it in a laptop chassis, and called it 'magic'"
You need to read the Forbes article on this chip and the latest MacBooks. You fell for the hype.
*M1* SXL Lite +
At 1:51 you show a Commodore Pet and imply that it relied on x86 architecture.  It did not.  It used an MOS 6502 CPU.  I know - I worked on it.
Nice video about this topic!
Apple is confused whether to increase or decrease prices of their product😂
Apple is confused whether to increase or decrease prices of their product
Some of the best informative content come from this channel!
I remember you saying like 2 years ago, that Apple should include ARM processor, and now here we are, it happened
Apple is dope...c’mon over to the real game changers.
imagine amd 5nm processors vs apple m1 chip
ye
i used to shun tim cook but goddamn man this chip is promising
What?
You are the best documentarist in the world i love your work so much
Bad move.....
👍🏻 nice
Please make a video about tencent
Wow never been this early.
🔥
The real question is who is gonna even buys macs
Im rarely this early anywhere...LoL
Here in 2 minutes
Imagine what the M2 could be like
m1 is freaking awesome but i dont like apple regardless
Nice
13
🍎 = 🐐
9th
early
😎
They didn't.
Last time I was this early apple was shipping intel MacBooks.
interesting
Yes!
first
:O
Oooof, here in 9 seconds
That M in M1 stands for Money (Priority #1)
