I only got à h7ndred  mon ikl7iodh
Cheats
Probably will be forest to sue premier league first if they do get relegated this year
Everyone. Everyone knows. That City and Chelski have been blowing money and not giving two fucks about ffp
as a man city fan i hope everton gets relegated for breaching ffp !
The premiership should be ashamed of how long it is taking to prosecute Manchester city and chelsea. They have no respect for football. Just get on with it.
City and Chelsea will now go straight to the European super league where they can spend what they want and the fans will follow
In any sport if you get cheating you have your medals/titles removed. Lance Armstrong lost his in cycling, so all cheaters should lose what they have not fairly won. Points mean nothing to Citeh as they will boast about what they have won, and be back in the Prem within a few seasons to repeat their ways again.
Given that one player can cost over £100m , the profit and sustainability rules are out of date and have always been unfair
The pussywall name City should be relegated to the 3rd division
Befor the Russian money were so sweet now the Arab they gona receive noting but sum fee and they will pay and then they will be clear
Thanks Mark for giving my beloved "Rangers" football club an honourable mention 😆
I am dusting the old cobwebs off me Ubro size 9,s Man city and Chelsea in Sunday league football 😂😂 can you imagine asking Halland for his £4 subs or your not playing... And getting changed in a porta cabin... 😂😂
Relegate them..........simple .........
Man city just have a good lawyer 😅 we all know they'll win the league
I think Everton are their own worst enemy, the way I understand it is, the owner footed the money and there's no real paper trail for the new stadium, if they'd taken a bank loan and the owner paid it off via installments then everything would be fine, not only that, Everton were upfront and honest where I think you'll find Chelsea will do everything possible to hide the money laundering and same with city.
Football, not just the premier league but every league in Europe & S. America needs to clean it's act up & if any club is guilty of breeches that brings our wonderful game down  needs a punishment handed out !! Simple forget lawyers etc. You do major wrong you pay the consequences!!! I've supported my club man utd for nearly 55yrs & that goes for my club as well !!
If man city get done and I doubt it, they will leave the prem and go full ahead to join the ESL which, is still rumbling on!
Its been at times so frustrating with fsg and their careful spending but with all this coming around now its actually been a blessing
Wage and spending caps are needed like max 200m a season and max 250k pw would make football good again
Citeh having 116 charges against them should be relegated to the National League, just how Glasgow Rangers were dumped down the Scottish Leagues
I have an idea, we should keep City and Chelsea fans in Premier League when their clubs will be playing in League One, the fans will no suffer 😂
The book should be thrown at ANY club found guilty of any of the allegations against them. If the PL are serious about these rules then they're going to have to make an example of both chelsea and city, and the clubs will have to just take it on the chin.
I cant stamd man City there so plastic, jus look at their fan channel theres literally no viewers or subscribers literally in the hundreds they gt no fans the fans they do have are deluded and not real fans
If Manchester city had not spent so much money in the primiership they would have to been the other end of table chealsea have done the same they both need to be carefull
We blame the teams. But it’s the governing bodies that regulate that turn the other cheek for money. City won their trophies playing football and good football (not a City fan here) so blaming the teams more than the regulators doesn’t seen right.
You follow franchises not clubs. You have no say or influence in your "club's" decisions. Unlike Barcelona and Madrid.
Man united will be with them in the championship if they keep playing like this
lmao relegate Man City, those games are gonna be SO funny. 57-1. I wanna see it.
I hope city get a big point deduction. Have them in league 1 or the national league. But it won’t happen. They always get out of it
Which team will Chelsea and City’s fans support if their team gets relegated? Newcastle?
Funny how Everton situations have been punished so quickly,but when it comes to Man city, & Chelsea 🤔⚽️
Nothing will happen to City or Chelsea. "The "Big 6" are untouchable. UEFA, Sky etc need the money they generate from TV and Champions League. People would rather watch Man City vs Real than say Villa vs Real. Its all about money.
what a load of hot air!
You only crying because we are winning, if we were not winning trophies you wouldn’t be out here barking.
Also another point, FFP was originally brought in to stop teams going bust not to stop rich teams spending.
The scary thing is if they charge them, Chelsea and s on, will more clubs like Manchester United, Liverpool and so on be charged? They are the top spenders.
Everton will go down city Chelsea will not a fine as yhe money they bring in if Everton got relegated so should they small club or big club should not make a difference
No matter how much united fans whinge and stay delusional, within next 5-8 years city will be the biggest and powerhouse club in the UK and in the Europe.m
If it happened under previous ownership, like Chelsea, the new owners will more than likely have a huge case against the previous owners. Getting the money might be an issue if the previous owners have disappeared into the vastness of Russia.
Let’s hope we get denounced titles
Financial fair play is restrictive, it’s only purpose is to protect the big clubs at the top and make sure nobody else can come along and nudge them out. A fair system would be to agree a maximum amount that each club can spend on players and player wages. That stops the Saudi’s chucking billions at it but allows ambitious owners to build a team that can compete at the top
No. There should be absolutely no amnesty. If you’ve broken the rules, you should face the punishment coming.
Keep feeding fantasy to the sheep
The traditional top six control the league and have historically pushed  through club and rule changes as they wish. I hope I'm wrong but the self protection of the top six I suspect will mean any punishment will not effect them beyond a single season.
Chelsea have not been charged..only a couple of documents leaked is all we heard.. so you might want to change that title
From a Manchester City fan if you take down financial  fairplay doesn't do you better but it could do you better.
Big fine and points that will be it
Man City era is tarnished , love it .
Worry about youre own club lad.. its a laughing a stock
Money Talks 💴💵
I love this craziness!! MAN U my team!! You are talking about other teams!! What about our own club Manchester United!! Clean your house first before you talk about other teams!!! What about Garnacho and his Instagram post!!! What happened to the strictness of the manager!!! What about the board!! Owners!! Stop talking about other teams because they are better off than Manchester United!!!!
Nothing will happen to Man City. Chelsea will be forced to relocate to West London.
Football needs a revolution Since Sky got involved when the Premier League  was created  and we were promised sporting integrity things have  become progressively worse  year on year Creating a cartel of the top clubs rampant corruption and blatant cheating so much so now huge question marks  appear over certain clubs achievements  Football has become money ball  with billionaires competing over bragging rights and real competition has been lost
People are just mad at us Citeh cos they cant face the fact that we are just above everyone else, levels above
Integrity on the pitch is most important. Paying refs off needs cracking down on. Barca ;)
After what happened with City vs UEFA, it is highly unlikely that any serious decision would be taken against them. Plus it won't diminish what they've achieved. They've won everything and should they get a points deduction, it would be a slap on the wrist given the run of form they are able to pull off, over the course of a season.
It’s a simple prospect you have more fans and better sponsors u can spend more that’s the only way it should be oil money makes me sick 🤢
Doesn’t matter that’s just the way the cookie crumbles am sure they celebrated the good times while cheating
Thought it was obvious that clubs/owners pay people on the side, Yo let me sign your player and ill invest money into one of your businesses. Something like that. It's like people are only just growing up. Really think Isak, Guimaries, Robiniho would of gone to City and Castle if they didn't get millions on the side. The only thing that bothers me is paying refs off and I wouldn't be surprised if all this is being released by Barca
The clubs who are supposed to be suing Everton for relegation didnt they get parachute payments so why are they suing for loss of millions
Will lfc be awarded the prem trophies that Mcfc won during this period?
We don’t care about Man City - makes multiple videos on City for views typical united plastic
Evertons points will be reinstated after an appeal then City and Chelsea will be found not guilty after a lengthy court process. We all know what’s happening. It’s a power play to hush the whole thing down. The EPL makes way too much money from broadcast rights to let two of of the major earners of that money go down.
It will never happen to City, they will just pay the bribes into hidden off shore accounts through untracable multiple middle men/ co  so it goes away
You can't have an amnesty after charging one club.
115 charges......Man United Fans are continue to talk about other clubs.....Poor media....😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Give me a break....Man City and Chelsea getting massive points deductions.... ain't gonna happen. Fines at worse, which is pocket change for those two clubs and I wouldn't be surprised if Everton's is drastically reduced, after appeal.   It's all corrupt higher up.
Everton made a mistake with a forecast of revenue. Something that companies do everyday. Chelsea and City have supposedly broken laws. There has to be a harsher punishment per charge
Its not alledgely done. They did it and it has been proven.
Not sure what Owen said. But if it’s true then it’s disgusting. someone whom clearly not thinking straight
If it was my club I’d be angry with those at fault! The owners are the ones that people should be angry with. No chance having an amnesty! It’s no different to law you break it then you pay the price. You let these clubs get away with what they’ve done is ridiculous. It’s like me telling you it’s ok to steal that car and you trying to use that as an excuse with the police. There are very very well paid people in these clubs to make sure they don’t break those rules.
Man City should go down to Step one of the conference league or, the lesser league !!!
Michael Owen is pathetic, I can’t stand him.  He chats crap!!!
It’s gonna e hard to prove anything Chelsea have done with the way ownership changed.
Give the titles to Liverpool Fc. Cheaters
In the Championship. As Pep says......"We'll be there" lol
Give it a rest Mark!!...it is getting boring.
No way amnesty City should be dismantled as a football club forever.
carnt wait for it to come out about united dodgy deals come out
Luton deducted 30 (thirty) points in 2008! Luton soft target ....Chelsea & Man City tap on the wrist!
The money league finally getting what it’s deserved for years. More teams to come out of the woodwork, I’m sure. This is the PL 😂  You lot may as well take rangers into your league, they’ve been following the PL’s financial strategies for years, too.
Ban them from buying anyone for 15 years
Marks loving it city are going down
If they broke the rules they should be punished, no armistice. Wolves just sold half the team to make sure they were within the rules and now you’re saying big clubs should be let off. Is it because you’re afraid your clubs in it deep.
Man City got money to buy anyone so it's just how much to make it go away..
super League coming if big teams become a target
Premier League have shot themselves in the mud now, they have to look into every club in the league now.
Nottingham Forrest turn Man United supporter Mark Goldbridge cyring hard everyday about Man city 😂😂😂😂
when you break the rule you Deserve punishment
like our governments, football is corrupt.
True Chelsea fans are more than accustomed to relegation. It was a regular feature bitd.
And that’s were I disagree. It were the discisions of the owners not chelsea .. if they say you do this you have to do this .. there is no “chelsea” who can say no we won’t ..
Owen is a moron,fans have too hold their owners to account for their deviant bad choices just too ake corrupt money
If they are found guilty, strip them frm their titles & relegation.
The punishment should not be point deductions .it should be a charitable fine of the offending amount to local charities
If any club has put football in the mud, it's mufc. Sick football club.
Everyone should be held accountable who cares if it's our club too lol I coming from a united fan just look at the bigger picture. It's not like we are gonna stop supporting the team, I mean it would be sad but fully deserved. And the premier league shouldn't be a priest to who they confess their sins and then all is well & good lol
Love hearing about Man City from a Man Utd fan. Always well-balanced assessments.
We all know, city and Chelsea will get away with it
I don’t think the punishments will be too severe. If Man City and one of the other big six clubs got relegated to league two as punishment. I think they’d just kick start the super league all over again. It’s what the owners really want anyway.
Man City owners have threatened to litigate the EPL and UEFA to death. Sorry Man City fans but your owners should be made an example. They have destroyed competition by being able to spend whatever they want when they want. I applaud the manner in which Pep has assembled a masterpiece but it is based on being able spend more than anyone else and the foundations of that are breaching FFP rules knowingly and making legal threats when they are found out. Throw city out of the league, it is the only way, 7th tier sounds about right with the owners being forced to sell to the fans for a symbolic £10
Amnesty is a horrifying idea. That is only a great idea. If you’re a club that hasn’t been punished. That’s a terrible idea. So punish the crap out of one team and then let other people off? Because they admit it? Oh hell no
2 magic words here " IF proven", sadly i dont see anything proven ,snd even if they will then the back & forth will see then in the end walk away without any punishment.
with regards to an amnesty I'd rather all clubs got punished fairly because we all know no ones going to be on the same scale as city and it would even itself out
I would say they could have done something untill the super league was put on the table!. Now I think the premier league are to scared to sanction clubs that would be part of that super league
Im not going to pretend every club including my own are squeaky clean (LFC) as owners make dumb decisions; however with City the level of apparent financial doping is so off the chart that any punishment needs to reflect that because it has damaged football as a whole and has helped push finances across the board to the limit via constant wage and fee inflation. Them getting found out would benifit football in the long run. Tough on the real fans I know but lets be honest their fan base would shrink overnight if it happened.
I seem to remember United were charged recently ... cheating b*******ds !
Evertonian here. I wish the prem would be fair, but they won’t be
Just as the Saudi pro league starts to take off the Premier league starts to decline...all planned
Their is not a hope in hell Chelsea and City are getting reglated
Reason they havn't punished Chelsea and City as fast as Everton is because it would destroy every inch of credibility the prem has. Chelsea and City have been two of the most successful clubs in  recent years and if its found out they won everything because they cheated, it literally makes the whole thing pointless.
this isn’t the point of the video but there was a Serie A team in the UCL final and Europa League final last year they are definitely a top 3 league in Europe lmfao
Won't happen... they'll just dangle the Super League in front of the Premier League and the charges will melt away.
Players agent are to be blamed They surge their client and flip sides for merely 1 million euros
Everyone mention city but ignore Chelsea 😂😂😂😂😂. The hatred towards city is funny 😂😂😂
They can't let these city cheaters away with a slap on the wrist after hammering Everton.
Hope that POGBA has not sunken united also 😂
Amnesty makes sense.  The long term health of the league is at stake.  What you dont want is several years of investigation after investigation coming to light, and if its all the top clubs.....the whole thing loses credibility.
Spot on👍
United should never moan about their owners again
Uniteds only hope of a top 4
Chelsea and Man City fans happy to ride the wave of success by overspending./ fixing the books. They have to face the penalties if caught. Hardly makes the news when smaller club are hit with sanctions….
City should be stripped of every trophy and expelled from football for all eternity
Not to mention the £1 billion the Russian wrote off that Chelsea owed him
it happened at Portsmouth
City and Chelsea's pockets are deep and tempting to EPL. Judging from the way EPL have been handing the titles to City, especially last season, I don't see how they can turn against their cash cow.
Scouser to a manc, i totally agree with everythin you've said. fair play!👊
I know Manchester City got 115 Charges but we can't find information
Goldbridge. Please make a video about Southgate. He has to go.
The football world is corrupttttt
That line made me giggle, "newcastle are that rich they could buy everyone in the Premier league and stick them in reserves" 😂😂😂
Then they the one about pep brother being told to buy certain club stocks and month later city group purchases stake in club. Insider trading
they all didn't care when they were winning
Nothing will happen to City or Chelsea ... They have the lawyers and Everton don't ...
Nothing will happen not a single thing
As a Chelsea fan we didn't do anything.we did not chose to be bought by ibromaivic we've paid the price for his ownership. We don't need any more punishment and I'm very glad that he's gone.we should not be punished for his terrible business, he doesn't own us anymore
We all know what should happen Chelsea and city but if you think about it for more than a minute you just know none of these clubs will be relegated unfortunately there is just no hope of that happening!
Zero empathy for those clubs. Fair competition should be the standard.
It will be one of the biggest outrage for all EPL football fans if Man. Cty is not just relegated to Championship 4:18 , but fined billions and these funds distributed to the Championship League teams
Innocent till proven guilty
Funny you talking about 'what about the fans?' when we know Man City don't even have any fans.
City will get relegated and possibly Chelsea also but city are definitely getting relegated, they’ve set the bar with Everton and Man City will get done it’s not rocket science it’s fact
brak
I completely disagree with Mark on this. There's a hunge difference between Everton losses which was unintentional due to circumstantances beyond their control vs intentionally breaching the rules and then trying to hide it to gain an advantage. I empathise with Everton fans and think the penalty is a bit harsh. If City and/or Chelsea are found to have intentionally cheated, they need to be relegated. No sympathy for their fans, they've enjoyed winning trophies/success on the back of the cheating, why should anyone feel sorry for them?
Mark if you implement rules then you have to abide by then it is simple has that
Well mark if not one thing is done about what has happened to Everton and in all fairness it’s not that bad and they have had ten points deducted and Chelsea and Manchester City’s is far worse than there is something wrong don’t you think
Can’t get VAR right so how they going to beat the best lawyers in the world what Man City employ.
Lets face it man city won't get relegated they'll find a way of getting out of it. Everton was one charge and £19.5 million over spend, if that's what you get for that overspend then man city should be in the non-league . This was always going to happen and it shows how dodgy the owners of these clubs truly are
What chelsea have done is won titles and champions league to the financial deptrament of rival competitors
if thers any teams i couldnt care about fans wise, its chelsea and city
I want to know when the HMRC are gonna step in here? That will be a real game changer.  If people are doing underhand things keeping things hidden from the PL, you can BET the same things have been hidden from the HMRC.
Relegated to Leagues 2
Man Utd and Liverpool probably have 1.25 to 1.5 billion fans between them.   For us to breach ffp, the new stand would have to be made of solid gold, and every fan attending home games would have chauffeur driven limos to the games.  jk  City and Chelsea were small clubs before, and are STILL small clubs, despite what they may think.
FSG have breached ffp by not spending anywhere near enough!
Chelsea Need to be relegated I am so bored of them and them facing Man Utd who I support  because it get's boring because let's face no one wants Chelsea back in the PL.
Job Obi Mikel was signed by Utd only to never put on the shirt and he joined Chelsea who paid Utd 12M
We don't need no regulation.
As a chelsea fan i feel we deserved to be punished.. especially as we even made a smug asf song about the acquisition of stealing willian from spurs .. if that has been done due to corruption then we deserve EXACTLY what we get
How did you get on trending
wait, if most top clubs get found out for corruption, does the national league become new premier league?
Pure corruption across the board Mark. You’re spot on, something has to be done NOW. It’s no good punishing Everton and not dealing with the others straight away. Act now, dish out the relevant punishments no matter how harsh and set the ball rolling to deter others from any shady going’s on.
Why should they get an amnesty?!?
FFP will open the door to the super league. Man city/Chelsea have no intention of dropping below the premier league and if it happens then super league is wide open
Full of plastic fans in the comments like goldbridge  City havent been found guilty of anything and if they are its ridiculous because clubs like united could spend what they want without consequence in the 90s.  Punish clubs in debt not owners who put money into regenerating the area and providing the world with beautiful football ....you armchair fans are pathetic
NO AMNESTY . NO NO NO . If you are caught rulebreaking then you should face the consequences , no matter who you are .
I personally don't feel for the fans they've had the success they have had due to cheating me personally I'd punish the teams it's a beautiful game and there is no room for cheating
Break the rules, face the punishment no matter who. That's how it should be
Michael Owen behaves like, he's on someone's  pay rol. Had Arsenal implicated, he would be singing a different song.
load of rubbish
I agree when you say what about the city and Chelsea fans, but what about the fans of clubs who did it right and never win anything as a result? It’s a tough one
It’s like that scene from casino all to corrupt house come crumbling down
It happened to rangers and city n Chelsea deserve it mark Everton might get deducted another 9 I do feel sorry for the fans though it’s greedy clubs am a scouse red and would love Chelsea n city to go conference would lol so much and so would many others
Mark not just related teams effected ,but money for qualifying for Europe lost by many teams including Man Utd and Arsenal plus others mark ,  they all could ask compensation from Man City and Chelsea for lost revenue  Mark .....Could be  Huge Mark ... !
Nothing gonna happen. Let’s just be real. Man city will be able to pay off, and Chelsea will get a slap
as a Chelsea fan, if the allegations are proved and we are found guilty, we as a club need to get punished. What ever it may be, we will have to face it. Then spending on players, wages transfer market fees has reached absolutely ridiculous amounts of money. For us, but also for many of the PL clubs. I think there at least should be at least a wage limit on each team, same as they have for instance in National Hockey League, in the States.
Everton won’t let City and Chelsea off the hook. In fact all such clubs should suffer too if they have committed indiscretions , irrespective of who they are. Relegate all of the Top 8 of the EPL and promote the championship teams😄
If they relegate city prem will go broke😂😂😂😂 Dont worry it wont happen.
Nothing will happen to city mate. How can a grown man be so naive
Nothing will happened to Chelsea or Man city.
Old Regime
Your joking if you think man city ,Chelsea ,and any of them will get done , it ain’t going to happen , I’ll guarantee , the prem is corrupt .
rules r rules
How can the PL hold Chelsea accountable now, for what a former owner did? This isn't an argument, but a general question because I don't know how FFP works in that regard.
I stand with the chelsea and city fans but not all off them for sure not, how many in those 2 football fan base, when you were asking questions about their clubs if they were doing things the right way, how city can have the deals they had with their fanbase etc etc they were like shut up you are jealous etc etc so I will laugh to some of them!!!COYG
relegation is too good for Chelsea
hope Chelsea get relegated
I wouldn't do complete amnesty. If they have to go that route, maybe something like come out for lighter punishment. If uncovered later, will be even more severe.   And I agree with the FFP needing teeth for breach of rules and if city, Chelsea, or any other team have found to break them, I agree with you on pushing them accordingly with Everton's punishment being a benchmark of sorts.
Demoting Man City down five divisions with a billion pound fine would be fair.
Wigan, Derby, Bolton, Reading and Portmouth all suffered but now its the big clubs suffering now its a problem, this has been going on years but people just looked the other way.
Need to introduce a salary cap like the NFL
Everton is like someone who overspends on their credit, which is considered foolish, but not morally depraved. MC and Chelsea (at least under past ownership) are criminal and fraudulent enterprises.
I would be surprised if Man City or Chelsea are massively punished. If found guilty they have to be kicked out and forced to start again imo, but I really don’t see that happening. They’ll probably get a slap on the wrist
Chelsea fan. I don’t think cfc or city should be relegated purely because it would be punishing championship clubs I expect multiple window bans and financial slaps on the wrist. I don’t know if they could ban us from winning trophies? Can’t take us out of the league but could give the title to the runner up if city win this season?
As a Chelsea fan I’m not even worried at all, the worst that will happen to Chelsea is a transfer ban. Man city on the other hand 😂, I’ve got no words. All I can say is Chelsea is sitting pretty right now
i lowered my voulume, and his voice is still piercing and annoying me
Everton went over by £20m according to THEIR way of cooking books but more like £100m without cooking.
Throw the book at these cheats
Cast them both into the abyss, or as some call it the football league
Hold on... Chelsea not being changed so far but already relegated... come on, you can do better
Man City fans are plastic, I have now sympathy for the Man city fans.
Only 1 team can sue Everton, all 3 demoted teams wouldn't of stayed up if we went down...
No current Chelsea players or staff/ownership are involved in what happened..plus they self reported, they don’t deserve a harsh punishment because of what Roman did and only Chelsea haters would disagree
Goldbridge for president of the FA
The fans suffer? Not sure we cared when we were winning. Now we got caught and face a penalty then we care. How many of us fans complained when our team didn't spend millions on a certain player. Just my thoughts.
Chelsea will only get a financial penalty...trust me
Chelsea and City "fans" are barely human, who cares what happens to them
I like how he used Chelsea as an example of fans that suffer due to owners making mistakes because he just couldn't bring him self to say something positive about City
Chelsea changed ownership i am not sure I agree they get punished for things done before they took over.  Punishment needs to be done before takeovers
We should extend the benefit of the doubt to City and Chelsea regarding the FFP issue. These clubs have undergone extensive investigations, so rather than jumping to negative conclusions, let's maintain an optimistic outlook and have faith in the fairness of the process unless proven otherwise. After all, our collective purpose is to relish the exquisite game! 🌟⚽
While there at it they can as well  charge PGMOL for signing incompetent officials
Nothing will happen city and Chelsea due to who they are owned by
I'm a Liverpool fan Mark, I think it's very obvious the PL are hitting Everton hard to set a precident for future cases vs city and Chelsea. Everton are being scapegoated so no fancy expensive lawyer bs can get city off the hook later, the precident is set now.
All reviews need to be done independently and if serious charges are found then relegation and transfer ban for 3 years
Joe 90 being paid to promote the premier league now is he? best league in the world and all the corruption? Get a grip goldsmith 🤡
i like rules when you break them you must go
The Premiership will do nothing to Man City.
Man City should be playing in the conference league
what bothers me the most is this ,secret accounts ,false reporting on what is payed for player s ,and much more
Premier league should relegate man City and Chelsea then give them a transfer embargo of 5 years
Football is very very corrupt.
I bet city will get away with it.  And chelsea.those two scum clubs.
The ffp regulators should only think about the rules not the fans. If city go to league two i think its generous as punishment for 115 irregularities should be even harsher than that.
No way should there be an amnesty. City would get away with blatantly cheating and that cant stand.
I am not in favour of an amnesty. Just take their trophies won during those years. Don't award them to any club, leaving the space blank in the record books for future generation to ask "why" and so not forget the lessons for what happens to cheats. Got this suggestion from Sean (SpursTalkShow) and I think it's a good idea.
City could get a 30 pt deduction and VAR would find a way to help them win 25 games in a row. If someone cheats at FFP, something that can be traced, what about the parts of the game where money still works and there's no record of it?
Players and agents are bribed every transfer window. I was expecting more for some reason
Man City took 6 points off Leicester last season and Everton only took 1 point from Leicester, yet they’re trying to sue Everton 🤷‍♂️😳 they are worse than the premier league. 😂😂
At the end of the day, mancity and Chelsea  brings in so much money to the premier league , they probably will get a points deduction  And that's if they are found guilty
Didn't Man U found guilty of breaching FFP too? But only to be fined by 300k only.
I don’t know about Chelsea but man city have the money to lawyer up enough for them to never get punished. They should be punished but doubt it.
We all know chelsea we’re cheating they were paying for everything including referees, can’t wait for it all to come out!
Man City won’t get relegated chelsea will
They can not beat City on the pitch , so they make trumped up charges .... SMH
Trust me they wont get relegated
Nothing will happen its like the druggies  in boxing, the nobodies get slammed and the stars get away with it
Man City PLASTIC ARAB STATE SPORTS WASHING CHEATS !!
For most clubs being relegated is a mare, they'll not get premier league money and could be a downwards spiral for years. Clubs would have to rely on shirts sales, sponsorship and match day revenue. However, for clubs like Chelsea and City this won't be an issue. They're both wealthy enough to bounce straight back irrespective of match day revenue etc.
Why do people keep commenting that the prem would be worse off if the cheats were relegated What a load of bollox It did just fine before when these clubs were in the second tier I used to love the game but all the corruption has ruined it
FFP doesn’t apply to nation-state-owned clubs.
League 2 for them both. PL need to back it’s rules
I have no sympathie with the fans. Everyone knew what Chelsea and City were doing and where their money came from. They were nothing and came out of nowhere and all the plastics jumped on the trophy wagon.  I feel sorry for the 40k og supporters but for sure not for the millions of plastics after oil and oligarch money kicked in.
Nothing will happen to City. They’ll get a slap on the wrist and a stern warning.
Getting rid of financial play is just mind bogling 😅
Why people are lumping chelsea in with city is beyond me. Chelsea haven’t even been charged with anything yet, let alone 115 charges. Just accusations at the moment.
What if all the clubs in the Pl has done dirt in the past 10yrs..and what if those being sanction speak up and say we been giving the PL also dirty money or they have also receive bribes..dirty laundry coming out
Glad to see you gloating over this you big girl!!!.....Utd prob have done worse over the years and if we are relegated it's the only way your team will ever be above us!!
They deserve everything they get, you dont sign a contract to agree ffp rules then break them. Also agree with wenger, they bought all my players. Theyre finally gonna get their comeuppance. Its the only way to make all the clubs to conform and make ot fair.
Chelsea Fan Here... If found guilty, charge us, relegate us. Wherever Chelsea go we will follow.....
Take your point about the fans not being responsible. But certainly in man city and chelsea, more than happy when their owners were shovelling money in and rebuffed any criticism from others.
Owen,s a clown
honestly, i do not think chelsea should be relegated for a little bribery, and chelsea hasn't even been charged yet, and its a different ownership, the premier league should charge abramovich
have CFC been charged with anything by the FA?
If going over 29 million made the 3 point difference to avoid relegation they clubs that did become relegated are owed reimbursement. Thats a lot of money to lose, but also to gain by cheating.  Titles will be revoked, clubs should be relegated.
Man city's need to g0 cheating all the way to cup's send them down
Amnesty .. are you kidding me! Chelsea & City cheated to win league titles. Football fans celebrated the cheating remember. Chelsea fans used to celebrate with fake £ notes.
the usa was made through back handers so anyone with owners from over there better be worried lol hmmm
Corruption in the PL!!!! They allowed city to do what they want for years
Mark Chelsea and City fans do not care one bit how they won the Premier League, Carabo, FA Cup and the Champions League and they do not give a pooh this is how I feel and I have no sympathy for Chelsea or City fans they fully deserve what is coming their way,
Bluenose here.. nothing will happen to City or Chelsea ..mark my words.. they’re money clubs.. some loop hole will be discovered and they’ll be let off.. Everton on the other hand are the scapegoat
You happy that Chelsea is gonna be relegated.
I'm pretty sure that Chelsea are breaking the FFP rules now, let alone back when Abramovich was in charge!!!
man utd will be sweating buckets as well look at their debts, do ye thing everthing is above board with these massive wages and price tags
Goldbridge the clown
Are Everton players in any legal right to terminate their contracts?
Is paying money to agents as potential bribes the same as breaching the EPL limit for loses?
What you shouting for Goldbridge
Let's see if the PL have the balls to sanction Man City, Chelsea
I completely agree as a Liverpool supporter its scarey ans i feel for a fan
It's not anything new, some form of cheating has been happening for decades, and all the clubs do it, what you gonna do relegate every team? Lol
I agree with you its not the fans fault!! but a real fan also call out any shady sh*t your club does.
The only way to sort this out would be to relegate City and Chelsea either to Championship or League Two (some might argue National League). Only trouble is they bring in all the money as they’re top six clubs so this corruption will continue to surpass
Demote them, they’ll be back next season, will hardly make a difference
Does this guy ever not complain about man city?
115 charges on city will take 115 years to be charged!!!🤣🤣
City and Chelsea, unfortunately will get away with it.   My guts tells me that.
Money rules. Bribes..
Man City will not be punished, money power and the best lawyers
As a Chelsea fan, tbh, I don't mind getting relegated. Will give us an opportunity to rid ourselves of the riff raff and start fresh.
There is a less than zero chance that City gets even one point deducted... they have the FA in their pocket...
Man City and Chelsea, whatever they are guilty of will never be punished, we don’t live in a world where the powerful will ever be held accountable
Suing Everton like we bought players...we built a stadium and barely survived because we did bot have money to buy players
Based on the way VAR are doing everything to keep City at the top.  I doubt City will even get a 2 point deduction. 😂
This should be audited more regularly and thoroughly, a team shouldn't even get to the point of 115 charges
Let’s be honest Manchester City deserve more punishment then Everton and plus if Manchester City get relegated then there fan base can finally shut up don’t forget on how annoying they are it would be good to see them becoming quite for a change
As a Liverpool fan, it's nice to find an opinion I respect outside the Redmen bubble.  Thanks Mark.
I just want City to be stripped off of their titles. Simple as.
A wage cap would solve all.
If Manchester City and Chelsea have been punished with relegation to League 2 then Everton can look at their punishment and say we got lucky compare what Manchester City and Chelsea had
does anyone really truly think that City is going to be held accountable for any of their FFP violations?  Everton got slapped because they have no leverage.
Relegation + 5 year transfer ban for city n chelsea !
You do know United already need punished yea?
Imagine if city and Chelsea go down but Luton stayed up 💀
We all know chelsea and man city wont be punished at all
blockchain transactions solves this
What about 1 billion spent on transfers in 14 months by Chelsea? How the f..k can this be possible? Ive heard alot of crap about 8 year contracts,player sales, income & out goings. I don't believe it's coming anywhere near to complying with the ffp rules,105 million over 3 years is the overall amount EPL clubs are allowed to loose. Do the maths, it doesn't add up. 😮
They will not get anything... everything is money in EPL
Nothing will happen to Man City or Chelsea. The PL is corrupt themselves.
A totally agree about it could be the end of this spirals
Neither would I but Bramley Moore Dock is or will be.
Who got all this going then getting brought down a few pegs
Amnesty?  As an Everton fan, all I can say is: get stuffed.  We already took our hits, y'all can now take yours.  City should be opening away to Mansfield Town next season.  Amnesty?!?  The f***in' audacity.
Look what happened to Rangers ,
The fans may not be in the board room but Chelsea and City fans were happy winning trophies by cheating...
Everton are in trouble just because they don't have money but the likes of Man city and Chelsea will just pay a fine .
Let's see the accounts of the referees.
Arab money won't let them sanction city.
With the power of corruption that story will sublime in thin air..
Chelsea (Todd Boehly & Co) reported themselves when they tookover Chelsea as they noticed irregular spending under the Roman era. So they brought it to the PL's attention themselves.
Would love to see those small clubs got banned from UCL for a decade. The small Club I am talking about are Chelsea and Man City
I wonder if one day this guy or any of the thickos in these comments will ever do a minute of research 😂🤦‍♂️
If clubs are guilty then they have to throw the book at them if they don't why should well run clubs abide by the rules? I have some sympathy for Everton £20 mill in the prem isn't alot however, they did deny at least a team from staying up. You simply can't reward cheating or the rules would be pointless/worthless.
are we not gonna state that United got done with FFP earlier this year or was it last year but some point in the last year it happened and u got fined for it. your acting like its just city city city but u have to take your own responsibility!
no FFP newcastle will buy all the premier league teams and the champions league
Bro I am a Liverpool fan but your videos are so good . Even though your Man u fan none of the videos are biased on any particular teams
1livapool.u right politics inna football u must b punished
Will they get punished or get let off
Everton gets punished for a Stadium thats won them nothing yet while City receives nothing after breaking rules which lead to them winning everything
Yeah but ask me if I will ever care about Chelsea fans. Screw em. I’d feel bad for any other club. I feel bad for Everton fans. But not Chelsea
Man city &chelsea geting nunn....money talks...
If chelsea fc get relegated this is ao unfair and sad because we have been puniahed enough in theblast 5 years leave us alone
No fckin amnesty, deal with it all now, because I know LFC are clean
Chelsea and Man city are not going anywhere. They would be having an army of lawyers finding loopholes to avoid anything. I won’t be surprised if max they would be getting a transfer ban for a season or worse pay some fine a its fine.
Even if FFP didn’t exist, we’d never do a PSG especially with Dan ‘Big Game’ Ashworth lol 😂🖤🤍
Cant do amnesty now Everton have been punished, they have set the tone so be interesting to see what happens with city etc
Hang on!  IF I supported a current Championship club, then do I want my club to be facing Chelsea and Man City and/ot Everton in2023/24 season for three promotion spots?   Chelsea and Man City would be 1-20 odds of getting promotion leaving clubs for the other Championship clubs including relegated teams.
Damn,you're mentioning chelsea a lot as if it has already been relegated
Man City should have to pay competitors such as Arsenal & Liverpool who they won the title over by a single point which clearly they would not have been able to do without cheating...
I will ride for you even in the national league citeh
I hope every club that cheated is severely punished. Even if it's my own.
don't you ever think that other clubs are clean. pure naive.😅
It’s not about football it’s about money . As in life that’s your evil. Not about a footballers  dream to play for  their boyhood club. Profit is the destroyer of dreams . Forget about stupid rules. Just look at at FIFA. Corrupt ; through and though.
They aren't in trouble unless proven guilty which we all know won't happen.
The current status is is the result of the "hard" work of PL and FA authorities. Over the iron curtain many clubs are government financed. Think about UEFA, FIFA actions, Katar and what else we do not know. Are English clubs follow the financial and tax authorities regulations? England achieved nothing since 1966! Solution? Smash PL and FA authorities, meet the financial regulations other businesses enjoy. Do not ruin the English clubs, they are investments, focus on UEFA, clean them out! No need for politics in football. Please understand the huge responsibility of the media.
If Man United were getting relegated goldbridge would be bitching like mad
You need these rules to be enforced to have parity for the clubs.  Or do not always want the richest club to win year after year?
No Amnesty
City and Chelsea should be relegated to the National League and barred from transfers for 5 years, minimum.  And that still wouldn't be enough for what they've done for the last decade.   I have zero problem with Everton, honestly a disgrace that they've been hit first for $20 Million when they are building a stadium.
You have to punish wrongdoing. You can't have a system of rules that you refuse to enforce. That fans get hurt is sad but immaterial. You might be a fans of a movie star but if they commit a crime you don't refrain from punishing them because fans won't get to see the movie star while he's in jail. Danny Masterson has fans. He still goes to jail. He still get's punished.  You need to strip titles too.   FFP is sadly only a remedy for oversspending. It should be a way to level the playing field but European football protects the top teams. I support one. But European football isn't about a fair competition. It's about which of the richest few teams does the best job spending it's money.
Get rid off ffp now😢😢😢
Clubs bending rules with finances, Referees making up rules as they go PGMOL allowing mad officiating, the league is losing all its integrity
The argument that by getting rid of financial fairplay so that the little guy can catch up is basically the same argument that Regan used to introduce Trickle Down Economics in America. And what ended up happening there? It didn't help the little guy whatsoever, it just helped the big guys get bigger.
As a Liverpool fan, run by FSG I would be shocked if we ever get into trouble for over spending lol
City should be made an example of. Especially as they have tried to cover it and make it difficult to find.
Roman abramovich you seem to forget was sanctioned by the UK government and a forced sale which see any of the £2 billion of the sale he never seen a penny and todd boehly got rid of anything connected to Abramovich
I think the teams with massive followings will get away lightly with it, it's not in the Premier League's interest (financially etc.) to lose clubs that for the league as it brings in big money for them; they wouldn't for instance, do what was done to Glasgow Rangers a few years ago.
Mark, this runs a lot deeper than is currently being reflected in the press. It would be naïve to think that monies paid to agents and intermediaries through offshore accounts is merely and inducement to get a player to sign for a specific club. Included in those payments are hidden wages to players and managers  that do not make it into the 'official' FFP accounts for those clubs. Do you ever question how clubs like Man City and Chelsea managed to attract top class talent like David Silva, Aguerro,  De Bruyne, Drogba, Ballack etc. and keep their wage bills down compared to the likes of Madrid, Barca, United and Arsenal? Did they really have such a deep desire to play for these clubs that were relatively unknown and had no track record of success? How is it possible for Man City to have a squad of such depth of quality that allows them to dominate the league year after year and yet be mid table for wages paid? It makes no sense at all. Just look at the amount of Arsenal players that jumped ship for Man City once the Abu Dhabi owners came in. Arsenal have always been one of the highest payers of player wages just like United (which explains why both clubs struggle to move players on). Why would they go to a less renowned club like Man City for less wages?  This is corruption of the highest order and there are further implications of this beyond football that should be considered. Those monies that were paid indirectly to some players and managers should have been subject to taxation by the Inland Revenue and by not declaring those earnings both the clubs and the players/managers have committed criminal offences. Watch this space! These FFP offences, if proven, are way off the scale compared to Everton and should be punished in a similar way to Rangers in Scotland, i.e. demotion to the National League and serious thought has to be given to rescinding any titles won through these corrupt practices.    As for the impact on the fans of these clubs, I have two thoughts. If you thought that the sudden rise to prominence was through sheer hard work and determination then you're only deluding yourselves, and what about the fans of those other clubs who missed out on successes like titles, European qualification, cup runs etc? What about the missed opportunities they have suffered at the hands of financially doped clubs?
Find it hilarious that Leicester are planning to sue Everton over breaching FFP when they themselves breached FFP to get into the EPL in the first place.
You want save to futbol ….PSG, ManCity and Chelsea need to be relegated for financial crimes.   NewCastle Is about to explode so they need to be warned.    You can’t only pick on Everton
City and Chelsea shouldn't be relegated! They should have a point education and panned from the transfer windows for 3 years!
If they commit shady business during Roman's era, is it logical to punish Todd's Chelsea?
Why suggest an amnesty?? That's ridiculous
The punishments and crimes don't always balance out in football. I remember Nicholas Bendtner gettting a €20,000 fine for showing his Paddy Power underwear while some Eastern European federation was fined €8,000 for racially abusing an English player. PL have set a high bar with 10pts, but there's legal speak that means other clubs who've done potentially worse deeds will have a lighter punishment.
Maybe an amnesty or reset is the only sane outcome with the potential depth of cheating thats gone on. However.Everton already being overly punished,the gauntlet has been thrown
Oh and Everton have guaranteed that no other club will ever cooperate with the pl body again
If Chelsea and city are relegated it’s not only the fans of those clubs who suffer but the fans of clubs around them who suffer as well. Even if all of their players move, small clubs have zero chance against the infrastructure of those two clubs. Clubs will right off seasons completely because what’s the point if city or Chelsea are in your league.
Erm...city and Chelsea have admitted nothing and CAS already cleared city of most of those same charges. Interesting city are the only one of the top 6 who voted FOR the independent regulator. Why would they do that? Because the allegations are vexatious to keep the other big clubs happy.  The city haters are full wishful thinking.
Let’s be honest City won’t get punished. Chelsea may. It is politics, the fact that Chelsea’s issue is during Abramovic, they will somehow make it about Russia and Putin and punish Chelsea. City on the other hand will lawyer-up and drag this thing forever, the league will hope it will be forgotten.
I'm all for the investigations by the guardian and all these journalists but why are they investigating football clubs splashing millions of pounds that at the end of the day belong to billionaires. Wouldn't they be better off investigating the government and politicians who are squandering peoples tax money?
Good clip 👍 My team, Luton got a 30 point deduction in 2008/09. Nobody gave a toss because we are a small club - underlined when you didn't even mention them when you were reeling off examples. It will be poetic justice if we stay in the PL because some of the big fish get hooked. The "super six" should be all down in the conference after their Euro League stunt anyway!
as a lfc fan this is what we have to remember when we want to sign players we cant fit in the budget same as united fans they might change the budgets to suite tge teams after this so the epl can still compete we dont  want to tuen into the  bundesliga
there should be punishment  for cheating other clubs have missed on winning the league because cheating.
We are ready for Man City's 150 point deduction!
Rangers were liquidated and started over.😊not comparable mark
Goldbridge jumping to conclusions without any evidence 😂 🤡
Man City will just pay their way out of any charges from the FA just like they did with their UEFA charges they had! Corruption City
When Glasgow Rangers got bumped down the leagues, it was great for all the clubs down there. Rangers still had their fan base who followed them and brought there money with them, great for the smaller clubs.
How is removing City Chelsea and Everton from the PL going to improve “the best league in the world” claim. Two world class stadiums replaced by god knows what. The PL approved these owners so where do they go with that.
This is to bring in a Super League by the backdoor. You watch.
Man city is about to lose 2 PL titles to Liverpool and get relegated if they are found guilty of all the 115 charges they apparently face.
New subscriber cannot stand man united, but I have to be honest you are the best contact, creator, journalist for the Premier league and football. In general. You’re levelheaded your fair your balance you’re passionate how you’re not the top political sorry not political journalist, and all of England covers football is beyond me. Keep doing your thing, sir really big fan here in Texas
this explains why tradtionally big clubs liverpool, arsenal and manure utd, cannot get their target players over the line .. can someone please investigate the caidedo and lavia deal .. how did agents chnaged their mind?
Everton forgot to pay off the PL higher ups who sanction these proceedings... City paid the right people off.
Ain't nothing going to happen.
If a team is caught cheating then they need to be punished. Forget the amnesty you talk about. Rules are rules and laws are laws....end of !!!
Im sure a fat brown envelope slid across the desk will make this quietly go away..
The big question is , how they will prove the bribes ?
Every club & every fan would have taken the sheiks money. If we're found guilty then we'll take our punishment.
If I understand Financial Fair Play, it essentially involves, "How much you can spend is a function of how much you take in." That does discriminate against smaller clubs, and works as a major factor in keeping the "haves" at the top of the heap.  If, on the other hand, there was a "spending cap" (similar to the salary caps in some American professional sports), then investors could come into smaller clubs and increase their spending to the cap, giving them more of a chance to catch up.  The big names already have the advantage of their name being more of a draw for top talent.  The bigger clubs also being able to spend more just makes that worse.  Good luck making that happen, though.  The big clubs know very well that FFP gives them an advantage and will have no interest in giving that up.
I think we have to all take a breather and ask   How the Hell did we get here???!!!  I feel sorry for the REAL fans of all clubs, including City and Chelsea
I wonder if any Everton fans have considered the implications of Man City & Chelsea being punished with a straight up relegation at the end of the season. Because if Everton go down along with Man City & Chelsea, their chances of getting promoted wouldn't be good at all...
IMO Everton is the scapegoat that gives them the leverage to punish city. They dont want to give city a reason to wriggle out of it and this strengthens the premier leagues case.
Everton is a weak fence that the FA can sit on. Nothing will happen to Chelsea and City
Forget about their fans who will suffer. What about the fans of teams who have suffered due to this blatant cheating?!
Everything falls on the fans, it's collateral, it's what you get as a supporter of any club. Lose a match? Supporters unhappy. Relegated? Supporters unhappy. It comes as part of the role, so whilst it is unfair on the fans for a club to be given a points deduction or relegated automatically, it's no different to any other thing that happens at a club.  Now with regards to the outcome, I believe if the charges are as serious as reported and found guilty, they both go to League Two. This would teach clubs a lesson the hard way, and massively benefit League Two clubs. Every Man City/Chelsea fixture would bring those smaller clubs a fortune, and the EFL could benefit with international TV rights, which in turn trickles down to the clubs.
Man city drag it out in courts knowing they cant afford too and city can. How the law works same as with big co opertions if u try to sue them theyll just skint u, and u gota settle for a token gesture in return.
City have 115 charges, Chelsea has 1 investigation. Why are they even being mentioned together!
City and Chelsea relegated right into the Super League.
What is the intended role of the soon to be formulated, independent football regulatory body and will it ultimately be up to them who gets punished for breaching the Premier League's FFP regulations, and will they have the powers to inflict their own sanctions on any such clubs?
Manchester City 115 charges.
Nah theyll protect the elite clubs
Everyone says ‘115 cHarGeS’ like they know what a single one of them charges is. Bunch of thick twitter doom scrollers that see a big club in drama and believe anything that’s written against them. It’s ’innocent until guilty’ - unless it’s a rival club, of course.
To be fair, United want to be looking over there shoulder too. Acting like you’re clean when you throw ridiculous money at transfers.
Nothing will happen there's a difference between allegations and facts there is no real facts that Chelsea did anything
Rag mouthpiece - can we look into fergies spending first 5 years and agent interactions?
How are man utd not also in trouble when they are £1 billion in debt
Be interesting to see what happens now that everton have been severely whiplashed , punishing the fans is not the answer , they pay the FA executive wages
Nothing will come out of it. City have been regularly accused of the same thing but nothing has come out of it
As for Man City and Chelsea….it’s cheating!,,,plain and simple…chuck them out of the league. Their success over the period they have done this, is worthless!!!
Hang on a minute....if City & Chelsea do actually get relegated as they should do, we have a Premier League of 18 clubs, so where and how would those two missing places be filled ?
Be hilarious if spurs are the only club doing it right and end up being awarded 8 prem titles 😂😂😂😂
In my dreams I can see both City & Chelsea in the Vanarama with all their trophies annulled.
No amnesty, rules are rules, corruption has to be punished in the strongest possible way, especially since Everton have been hit very hard for 1 charge.
This is beyong rich coming from a yoonited fan.  First things first, everton were guilty, City  are saying they are innocent.  FFP STARTED BY YOONITED TO KEEP THEM AT THE TOP
I would be surprised if Arsenal were anywhere around this stuff. Our club has apparently been run with financial responsibility.
The nievity from people is hilarious Chelsea was bought by Vladimir putins right hand man everyone knew he was dodgy the fact many are surprised is beyond me the fans celebrated him destroying the league killing the transfer marker etc etc so don't feel sorry for the mark they reap what they sow
everten ?
Michael Owen is right your thinking like your playing fifa
It's amazing how everyone on here is a expert on a case [city] without the case having been heard....let's not forget utd are 600m+ in debt yet can continue to buy players...strange that
just to clarify that Middlesbrough got a points penalty for pulling out of a match against Blackburn.
Super league on its way if clubs are relegated etc. Clubs are not stealing, defrauding anyone and are infact spending their own money. This is down to the old top 5clubs wanting g to keep their status as elite clubs. We reap what we sow. Premier league will die a d super league is here we come
Golden envelopes from man cheaty
Difference between Everton and MC/Chelsea is two of those teams make everyone else lots of money too.
Id rather strip big clubs of titles than points deduction because in a few years theyre back to normal in the same league?
Everton have suffered ManCity and Chelsea will NOT suffer CORRUPTION BACKHANDS ENVELOPES will be passed = charges dropped....simples
I think dropping points from Everton is the sign they are prepared to drop from the cheats.
It’s so freaking tragic what’s happening to football, but also not surprising at all. That’s what capitalism does. Money rules above everything else, with enough money rules don’t apply to you, corrupt capitalists take the seats in the board room where you have each others backs first and foremost. It’s not a people’s game, it’s a business, a market and the companies’/corporations’ game.
Arsene Wenger  Was  onto The Corruption of Chelsea  and Man City Years Ago...
I do hope it doesn't snowball into a much bigger mess, I feel sorry for fans when unscrupulous dealings go on behind the scenes, very true about serie a in Italy how they have fallen.
English Football eating itself. Playing into the hands of the European elite.
Until ALL clubs are registered charities, nothing will change. Owners are only interested in making money! 💰 💰💰💰💰 Wake Up Fans!
FFP is nothing but an elitist farce... it goes against the grain of capitalism... "controlling" clubs through FFP is nothing more than the WEF attempting to control the world through the Green New Deal and their CBDC system... ie making sure that the control of financial gains stays within the elites that run the league... it's FASCISM disguised as "doing something good" for the game... which is HOGWASH! the top six elite teams know that their power base is under threat by new investors with loads of money to throw at teams they invest in and the elites hate it!
Everything at the top level is insanely corrupted. Stopped taking football seriously around a decade ago. Circus of distraction for the supporters, and the quality/excitement has been doing downhill for many years.
Those Chelsea and city fans celebrated happily enough, so screw them
But the fans of the clubs who played by the rules have suffered from their rivals cheating...
How anyone is surprised at what is going on? Big money always = corruption.
Not a chance it happens, the Premier League is utterly corrupt and money talks.
Hope so two manufactured clubs nothing without money
When it comes to the supposed big clubs the premier league are spineless
everyone's talking about the punishments alone, how can you send this chelsea and city team to the lower leagues, how is that fair to the other leagues with their financial situation, that is also FFP ain't it? cash rich teams bullying the lower leagues. The punishment surely has to involve in them not being able to use their top tier players further as it was cheating in the first place. Stripped off your titles that are involved, start from the bottom with homegrown players seems to be fair.  It should be a reminder to any other sheikh or russian to come in and think they can just buy every title available.
Get rid of ffp .. it's not fair.
No team will be relegated IMO. Imagine relegating city or chelsea, that will be a big loss for the premier league, the league will get worse and worse. Imagine teams like norwich back in the premier league while chelsea are playing in the championship, unthinkable. At the end, it all has to do with money and if they relegated those teams, even title contenders, then the premier league will lose revenu and thats the last thing they want.
maybe Everton have been slammed on purpose so City Chelsea and other cheats can be dealt with properly in future... Sad for football but the clubs involved didnt care when they were cheating so why should other fans care when justice is given out.
i don't think Everton will get relegated easy 3 points next weekend will be the first points clawed back
Just a thought from a former football fan. Where there is money there is corruption where there is big money you get corruption on a massive scale. This goes for the clubs the FA and everyone involved. You cannot stop human greed.👑👑👑👑
Nothing will happen.. money rules football.
City and Chelsea should be stripped of all trophies if found guilty and relegated to League 2.  Watch all the players and managers jump ship then.
I don't necessarily agree with the fans being "innocent" by default; some fans are but any fans that celebrate an influx of money from Saudi, UAE an oligarch or Qatar (sorry guys!) deserve their club getting hammered by sanctions. Anybody who wants an ownership model such as these is indirectly asking for their club to be financially doped. Playing stupid about it doesn't change this.
Nothings been confirmed, idk how we can throw city under the bus when nothings concrete
Amnesty is a great idea, lets fix it not break it.
Utd might win the league lol
i'd be more worried about being a united fan and having deluded thoughts about Manchester City getting relegated
Before you all get excited about relegating top clubs, be careful what you wish for. All you would need is another 3 top clubs ( big possibility) to be relegated and what would you be left with? The collapse of the Premier League as sponsorship and television rights would disappear. Who in the world would pay for television rights to watch the bottom 14 clubs. With social media now the live TV coverage is declining as it is. If anything all these small clubs that have survived because of the big clubs attracted huge sponsorship and coverage have to thank the top clubs in the Premier League. Although I don't believe in cheating, you could argue that what do these small clubs contribute to ALL of the top trophies, you could probably list about 6 trophies in the last 30 years. The only people that suffer are the supporters that don't get what they deserve from all the clubs. This could all lead to a Super League.    Reply
Get City to League One and Chelsea to the Championship and call it a day.
Manchester City shouldn't have gotten Halaand ahead of Madrid, they made shady deals behind closed doors, even paid Halaand senior
This is premier league trying to show their muscle because king Charles has already advocated that they should be run by an independent commission,remember Charles has no interest in football so premier league is panicking this could be the end of the big cats .Everton admitted to their over spending so poor Everton have been used to scare.I believe Everton will successfully appeal this injustice,but all this will do is advocate an independent commission running the premier league.,it is the only way to control financial fairplay
What about the fans of teams who have been relegated because of City and Chelsea? They are suffering right now.
Money buys the best Lawyers. Manchester City and Chelsea will be fine Mark. No wrong doings in those Clubs.
please GOD if you’re real let that happen
Man City charges span over years and i feel like they might be stripped of one or two premier league titles alongside deductions. As for Chelsea, maybe relegation?
Surely relegation doesn’t have much an impact, they’ll be down one season and back in the premier league after.
They will get something but it won’t be more than a slap on wrist.
We won't know the outcome in our lifetime
I think no matter what the League decides to do, in the end this is just a terrible look for Football as a sport...
We are all aware that every top tier football club is effectively a business, if a business like Apple get caught doing something wrong then they get financially punished, why should it be any different for a football business. The punishment should be 1 point deduction for each charge proven.
Getting desperate Mark!!...keep the witch hunt going.
Relegation isnt commensurate for man city. 115 breaches would warrant 1150 points deduction no?
How would an amnesty sit with Everton & their fans??  They can't do that, the only way that would have happened was if the Prem were investigating ALL the clubs simultaneously and found issues with nearly every team.  FFP HAS to be seen to be working, whoever is found guilty should be punished according to how they've breached the rules, however many there are!
Man City is going get nuclear striked
Michael Owen is so dumb it's unreal.
It’s sad really, we all know that city and Chelsea should be getting penalised I even know fans of both clubs that have even said that they should get penalised, but we all know that they won’t and that’s the reality of it
Man city have won at least two pl by a point whilst these 115  breeches took place relegation to the bottom tier is the absolute minimum punishment if proven guilty but we all know money talks and they have more than most so likely they will be aquitted.
If anything we need to punish arsenal!
How about this? How did the $20m benefit Everton. They didn't win anything. Arguably they did manage to stay in the premiership. What is that worth? Chelsea and Man City benefitted massively from their financial wrongdoings.
Spurs now understand why Willian couldn’t come in 2013 😅
Man united  just as guilty
Ain't sod all going to happen to City an Chelsea,  but teams like Everton an Reading in the championship are getting punished
Remember Mark, these fans were celebrating the success that was a result of these wrongdoings. So they weren't complaining then.
May be why nufc haven't gone ott in the transfer market. Keeping within the rules to avoid punishment?
i mean obviously the premier league is a "monster" in that regard. The only reason why it is the strongest league is because of the insane amount of money injected into it from everywhere.
The top clubs only win because of money and greed.... Tony cuenca KRO
I remember when Goldbridge used to talk about how well run chelsea were under Abramovich.
The punishments for city should be, new owners, forced to release every 1st team player, and relegated to atleast league 2
Man City and Chelsea should be relegated from prem to league 2 for charges
My issue is consistency, if you are going to punish Everton, then all other offenders also need to be punished.  But we know the whole sport including the premier league itself is corrupt beyond redemption, going down this road is akin to holding Guy Fawkes night in a bomb factory, what are they thinking??
Kick Everton and hope they all limp
cheers Mark
The Super League is going to be the way out for Chelsea, City etc. I see other giant clubs in Europe also trying to work around FFP rules, and they’re probably all ready for the green light to leave UEFA together and form the super league. Probably alongside some Saudi clubs and eventually a couple American clubs
Michael Owen is a joke. Good thing he doesn't control anything.  We need ffp when Chelsea started this nonsense fees for players and other clubs suffering by over spinning without more income.
Werent there reports about 2 seasons ago that UEFA had put arsenal on the watch list over FFP then the past 2 seasons arsenal have spent a fortune something fishy there
The premier ship needs a complete overall get rid of the transfer wind limit all first team squads to 18 players and limit the amount of spending on players for all teams , that’s the only way to make it fair for the small clubs ,look at Arsenal tapping up tony from Brentford how are going to force him to stay they can only get the best price they can they are shackled ,the big clubs have always had it there own way it should be stoped .
We can’t say city will be charged???   Of cause we can, the FA have charged them.. they only charge them if they expect to find them guilty.  It will be the courts that decide if the punishments land.
Not the same though is it. 1 have to be "proved"   the other is black and white!   and here in lies the issue.  Get off the hype train for views and likes!
Your right the fans are the victims.  However corruption is corruption and the rich and powerful have always played with the families of the working class its unfortunate state of affairs for the fans but they must NOT getaway with it. Especially now they've charged Everton pthe integrity of the premier league is in question here before the world's press. Chelsea more than city for me but City also. We have to show Newcastle how to conduct themselves or its just a billionaire toy
Decades of toothless and corrupt regulation.
We’ve started seeing dirtiness since Man city started playing in 2011
Chelsea and City fans new from the start that their new owners came with risks.  They both accepted them to get the wins.  Newcastle did exactly the same… the fans all just accepted it for the growth and wins.
If English football is be considered a sport. Then they need to send Man City down to the Conference North. Its not a sport if there are teams breaking 115 rules and laws of the game.
Arsenal won the league legally last season. Legally.
Man city must be relegated.
Remember. City were deliberately uncooperative with the 4 year FA investigation. They themselves made it worse. Incompetence.
We CAN say they probably did. We'll find out for sure sometime never
City and Chelsea seem now to be pushing the "damage to the premier league in general if they are punished" narrative through their social media shills for the last 48hrs. Also the "it's opening a can of worms for every other team because everybody is at it" line. Make no mistake about it there is going to be a carefully coordinated campaign from here on in to make them look like the victims in all of this and it would be for the good of the sport kind of thing if we all just moved on.
Cheats should be punished, ten points not enough. As for Chelsea and Man City if found guilty they should be relegated from the football league completely 🤬😡👍!!!!!!
Chelsea were a yoyo club for years before Ambamovich started to financially doped them. That's their real level.
City will get a slap on the wrist we know how it will go
Come on Mark, you know the outcome, if a poor person (i.e. Everton) steals a loaf of bread, they will be punished to the full extent of the law, where as if  the rich (i.e City & Chelsea) steals billions, they get a slap in the wrist. This situation will be no different.
Amnesty is a dumb idea. No, its not a case of "everybody does it."
The big successful clubs will get away with it as expected.
A lot of people just do not understand what they are talking about.
Uk govt have destroyed chelsea for forcing abramovich to sell club.they banned our club from transfers for 1yr and now wanna relegate us.Too much to handle
Take their titles off them as well. It's disgraceful the PL needs a backbone to make the right calls
I would be shocked if Chelsea and Man City are punished.
Why is any club that hasn't been 'charged' with anything yet in 'big trouble'?
Chelsea fan here, this isn’t news for us Blues. We were hit with FFP fines during the summer because of previous owners. These new allegations aren’t new, Chelsea themselves reported these same payments to the Premier League in order to  avoid huge punishments. This has been constant since Boehly took over, but it’s because we have been self reporting all the irregularities and we have been constantly fined. So this isn’t as bad for Chelsea as everyone says. This is not to say that we didn’t do it but just saying the new ownership self reported this and countless other issues.
City be playing non league ( here's hoping)
How fickle are you loser fans that you would rather strip a team of titles rather than demanding more of your own club
with the bs surrounding city and the nightmare with VAR, the premier league has become a fn joke. Best league in the world? WAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They will not do anything. They will probably give them trophy for cheating. Meanwhile Arteta charged for saying the decision of VAR & Refs was bad. If anyone can't see there is something wrong here ?  The only reason is, the bad decision is helping their team. But we all know cheatimg is bad in football & in general in life.
It is Corrupt. They go after Everton, but nothing is done about Chelsea who should have all titles and all history of trophies redacted and removed. Man City will buy their way out of the charges via off-shore payments. The same way PGMOL have been bought by the Saudi's.
Man City and Chelsea should get it like rangers did and have to go through the leagues again.....
Arsenal won the league last season legally.
Man C should be relegated 2 divisions minimum. Cheating for years to win trophies when legal clubs could not. Scum.
I want everybody to calm down because they gon return them points to Everton at some point for sure. If not all some at least.
The fans 😂
Hi Mark, If Chelsea and Man City do end up being guilty for sever breaches, what if they were banned from buying players into their club for X amount of years based on the severity. Or as a mother option fine them massively and give that money to the other clubs of the league to use as a “catch up” stipend. Curious of peoples thoughts on alternative punishments other than demoting them because with the skill they have they would have no issue climbing back to the premiere league.
So City could be handed another CL yes!
can’t wait man city for the chop oh yes 👏 well deserved, they’re the reason football is boring, probably own the var refs
We will see in the news 1 day "man city cleared of all charges" and then there will be an uproar for a week then all will be forgotten about 😂 the league is fixed simple as that
Someone steals even from the poor the police tells the person,  come forward and confess and be forgiven because we don't want your children to suffer,what an irony
Nobody in charge of the PL is stupid enough to punish the "Big 5" clubs in any serious fashion because it would sink the league completely. I guarantee you that its more than the big 5-6 clubs fiddling the books and having dodgy payments. The league is too dirty to have any legitimate change done and anyone who thinks there's anyone legitimately interesting in changing it is naive. There is far too much to lose for far too many people
As a city fan for sixty yrs I've seen it all so being relegated to what ever division doesn't bother me i will still be there every game cheering them on come on citeh😊
Can’t do an amnesty when they have charged Everton. They have to follow through now with other clubs.
0:58 Unless they strike all of Chelsea's and Manchester City's honours, medals and trophies from the records, I don't think they'll mind getting relegated to the National League after winning it all.  Put it this way, let's say you're a Luton fan, would you take all of Chelsea's trophies, knowing you'll get relegated to the National League by the end of it but get to keep the trophies and the infrastructure?  Relegation to the National League is the bare minimum, and it's not even a big deal, Rangers in Scotland had to start over after going bankrupt, and the Scottish League resumed business as usual once they were back as though nothing had happened, like "it was all just a bad dream" akin to Dallas.
Man City are untouchable, nothing will happen.
Owens a fkin idiot, personally would like to see city and chelsea relegated as examples need to be made of these corrupt owners
I see no protests against the owners of Chelsea and City🤷‍♂🤷‍♂
If charged i can't see City and Chelsea being relegated, the Premier League would lose too much money.
City and Chelsea fans have enjoyed lots of success because of their owners cheating. It’s very hard for other fans to feel too much sympathy for them.
city will get away with it because a hacker got the evidence and since it was obtained illegally they can't use it as evidence
That is an awesome amount of money I could not believe some of the amounts that were coming in. But it's for a great cause like I said when I donated I lost my nephew Sam and Marie Curie really help my brother out because Sam was his first born and we always say that your parents shouldn't bury your children. Thanks again mark for putting on such a great day. Unfortunately though when it comes to the weekend the lines will be drawn again😂 keep up the good work up the Chels
saw this coming when abramovich took chelsea over, non football interested people ruining the game for me spending millions if not billions for fast success and its not just teams in england. it starts from the top FIFA. for me they've never got a grip of things and all the shady deals in recent years they been accused of.
The point I had no doubt was the window Chelsea sold a declining Schurrle and an unwanted Lukaku for 65m and sign Costa and Fabregas for the same price.   Wouldn’t be surprised if Chelsea were inflating their own transfer fees and then giving dodgy under the table payments to compensate.
... The Premier League is 130 years old. The name is 30 years old. Prove me wrong. In depth. With citations. The more details, the better. I'm sincerely curious if the Premier League was anything more than a name change.
The obvious solution to FFP wouldn’t be a popular one - a salary cap like in the NFL/NBA.  It’ll never happen, but it WOULD help curb wage issues and the huge gaps between clubs. The problem here would be what to do with the promotion/relegation issue… but it is an interesting thought. Perhaps more of a max cap at each level?
I have no sympathy for either Chelsea or Man City fans; they were happy to reap the rewards that came from cheating, now they will have to deal with the consequences.
send the Magoo`s to the northern premier league, end of story.
The Bottom line is You're a Bitter Bitter United Fan :-) :-)
So does this mean whoever broke the rules in the year's they won titles get stripped off the titles and whoever they faced in finals and whoever finished second in those years now become the champions. Cos that would be the fitting punishment aswell as points deduction.
There needs to be consistency and proportionality. There's too much money in football. I say that as a Newcastle fan. Thank goodness we have Eddie Howe building a good young team and not a big name manager building a fantasy team. With big money comes big responsibility. Look what happened to Rangers. Hibs is my Scottish team, and losing an old firm team was actually bad for the league. The Brentfords of this world want to play City, Liverpool etc. Hibs want to play Celtic, Rangers.
Why sympathy for the fans of the cheating clubs?!?!?!?! Those fans have benefitted from amazing moments they shouldn’t have ever had because the clubs cheated.  What about the fans of clubs who haven’t cheated who missed out on those amazing memories, there should be sympathy for them.  I guarantee there are spurs fans who have passed away since they were cheated out of a European cup win by Man City for example who never got to see that.  What about the teams who were relegated in place of Everton or even Liverpool who were cheated out of a couple of titles.  Not to mention the teams who’ve missed out on lucrative Champions league places over the years because of cheats. As a United fan I think my club should be punished too if we are found to have cheated (doubt that with the glazers though tbf).   Those clubs need severe punishment such as multiple relegations, transfer bans and retrospective stripping of titles.
As if everyone is squeaky clean. There is prob back handlers all over the place. Hopefully all clubs in the prem get done and relegated. Can’t stand the prem now
Manchester Cheaty.
What would Chelsea and Man City fans do if they got relegated ? The generational ones will suffer, but the fans they’ve picked up since being Oligarched and nation stated will just move to an Arsenal or Liverpool.
I will laugh hysterically if City suddenly find themselves in League 2, having lost Pep and all of their players.
If.....you say if.....if ....means Chelsea and Man city just pay it off.... premier League just cares about money....there is no love in football anymore.
This just smells of creatings problems for the big clubs to leave a create a super league
Amnesty??? Don't talk utter drivel Mark.
Owen is small enough to fit into a box and put in a draw!! So why not??
Getting rid of FFP doesn't make it easier for other to compete, agreed, but you don't want it gone because it will always benefit Man Utd having it, especially now Newcastle have come on the scene.
Sorry but how can that be fair to have an amnesty. That would absolutely destroy all sporting integrity. If City and Chelsea have won trophies and profited because of that they have to be punished. You can't just sweep it under the carpet by allowing them to own up to wrongdoings. Man City are currently looking at 115 charges, you cannot just let them get away with it. If you do that you might as well not have any rules at all
Why is Man City`s 115 charges taking so long?
Money speaks, and nothing will happen to man city and chelsea
Those fans also got to celebrate at the expense of others for the glory won on cheating! Let them suffer!
Chelsea and Man City to National League 😂😂😂 Here we Go   Cheating FC
Fans being punished for their owners management? They have been more than happy to glory in the dodgy money for years. The fans where part of it. Especially Abu Dhabi fans and Cheatski fans. We told them. Take the punishment. You cheaters deserve it.
Andrew quilley actor
City,Chelsea, arsenal, utd in that order who i think have spent beyond the rules.
Man Utd should have 25 points deducted for impersonating a football team
Hojlund sucks.
Don't worry about fans. If u cheated u cheated. Face the misic
They should be addressing the var referee cheats too. And relegate them to the 1st Division too😂😂😂😂
I thought that they are a massive cowards that is why !! Like If in the entire life the people always do clean business! And there many teams doing that.. besides they are talking about the past !! Why they are doing this right now in the case of Chelsea. Hahaha they are just looking for attention that is why !!!
I am almost certain city will not be relegated. They simply bring in too much revenue
No to an amnesty.
I think theyre hoping if they take lomg enough we'll all forget about it
The PL need to have teeth and punish the clubs hard enough that nobody even thinks to breach the rules again. It's gut wrenching to be a supporter, but must happen.
No amnesty. Period
What has chelsea done?
I'm a liverpool fan. We have lost the title a few times to city by less than a few points. Also united have come second twice so have spurs and arsenal.. If none of our clubs broke the rules and man city have, Then throw the book at them. They won titles based on cheating. I feel for their fans but we have to remember their fans celebrated like they were all mightly. They'd have not had this to celebrate without the cheating and dirty money.  United and Liverpool were both robbed of 2 titles each. Spurs and arsenal 1 each..  Throw the book at city. As for chelsea Id like to know more about these payments before I judge them.
Chelsea fans were cheering every signing they made. They deserve everything coming their way.
Why are they victims? They would be if their respektive Club would vanish for good. There's nothing wrong with  doing a few rounds of second or third division leagues. Perhaps just this is along with the rude working class mouth style Chants  are the only pillars left from what football once was like. The rest has long become so utterly boring I can't be arsed to watch other games then my own team ones.
You don’t need better footballers, you just need better funding, lawyers.
Everton,English owned ,others mentioned,foreign ownership?coincidence?.
NOTHING will happen to City they are protected by the government because Qatar is an ally to the UK and OIL money fills a lot of deep pockets !!
You just started to make a point and then deliberately didn't finish it. Intellectual dishonesty. Unsubbed.
Nothing will happen to Chelsea or Man City, not for like 5 years anyways
We all know Man city and Chelsea won't pay the price they should. IF anything happens it will be a slap on the wrist. Both should be stripped of titles and cups they won from cheating. It won't the Premier league don't have the balls. Punish a small club like Everton sure but not any of the big teams.
Who knew money would ruin football?!
With respect Mark I don't feel sorry for Chelsea or City fans. For years they have sat back and enjoyed the corruption at their clubs, laughed in the face of others who have called it out. I don't have any sympathy for those fans at all.
Imagine the league without city or chelsea😅
I'm a liverpool fan.  If a club has tried to be clever, you deserve all you get. Now other fans of clubs are saying it's a harsh penalty but is this because they all fear their relevant clubs be next and fear the same punishment.. just saying
The amount of changes Man City have, they could be playing grassroots football in the future. The only team at that level who doesn't play at the local park.
Also what about united they’ve literally admitted with breaking ffp
Couldn't agree with you more Mark, there's definitely dodgy manoeuvres hidden by many other clubs. Unfortunately football has a terrible reputation for corruption...it's endemic.
Talking head have the fact and now a judge. What if what what if, let the kangaroo court do their job, man city and Chelsea owners are not stupid.
as much as it sucks for Fans, look at teams that fell out of the professional tiers and fell under or were down in the mud for years because ownerships couldn't run teams profitably but stuck  to rules until financial ruin and the result was established teams like Wrexham out of professional leagues. It was horrific for fans, but that is football, I don't really think the welfare of the fans can be brought into subjects because its a nul point that ultimately changes nothing in terms of how the clubs should be dealt with. An Amnesty is out of the window, you broke rules, you will be found out eventually, there are plenty of passionate clubs with solid ownership who are slowly working their way back towards the Prem. Teams will get relegated, even if it was with past ownership, I just hope that the FA, Fifa, Uefa and whoever else can get involved, can find ways of punishing past owners as what I do think  is unfair is there being no reparations for owners who took over teams unknowing of some past shady dealings.
Everton would sue the pants off the Premier League if they offer an amnesty, that £20m overspend would look like an investment.
I doubt Liverpool will be in trouble....
At this rate, City could be in the Scottish 1st Division.... 😁
So if Man City get these charges proven against them will that mean they are stripped of there titles??? I think they should be
I thought bungs were cracked down on after George Graham.
The PL will not get the clean up job in needs until an someone in the government begins to take notice.  Yes I think it is that bad.  I’m know that’s the last thing that some people would want.  But in all honesty, that is the trajectory.  I think there is a massive corruption problem that hasn’t even been touched.  Conspiracy maybe?  But that’s my take.
Your window idea only works if it leases into salary caps across the sport. FFP doesn’t work so they need and obvious dummy proof system.
Rangers in Scotland were liquidated. Don’t ever compare these situations.
If City get away with it a petition should be started by all football fans. 115 charges and they don’t even comply with the league. Absolute joke how is that even allowed, that in itself should be a point deduction.
Please god let it be true... City needs to be relegated, they have 115 charges against them and they won´t even corporate with the investigation!! Chelsea the same, they have paid agents under the table! good job Mark speak out the truth! Down with the cheaters City and Chelsea!
man city and chelsea  are not 900 million in debt like man united thay should be relagated and how can a share holder put money in to a club
If City and Chelsea are simply let of the hook, the PL and the whole game will fall into disrepute.
If Michael Owen really said that, then that the most stupid comment about FFP I have ever heard.
Chelsea, and city won't get anything? Cos they are the big draws in the primer league and pull in the money.
Maybe Everton were used to get the ball rolling then we survive but Man City Chelsea Newcastle etc get relegated to div 2. Then Everton go on to top 4 place every year 😊
Mark let’s get this right , if they got regulated  it would be the start of a European  super leader , silly talk
bruh , you can still watch and support your team as a fan , whether they are relegated to the second or third division , football is football
So the owners who spent money on their club and team were supposedly cheating but those owners who took tv money, parachute money and whatever else they got their hands on were fair and above board?
ok Mike Goldbidge if you love financial fair play so much why dont u just marry it. LOL U JUST GOT OWNED
90% of the Chelsea and Man City 'fans', are simply glory hunters, who will just switch to whatever team is doing well if they get relegated. So absolutely no sympathy from me.
I agree this is likely to affect a lot of clubs, AND I agree it’s the fans I feel sorry for. But… you mentioned it, other clubs have lost out as a result which means their fans have lost out. In the name of fairness I don’t agree with an amnesty. How many clubs have been relegated or stuck mid table, or even got to the point of bankruptcy, how many clubs have lost out on trophies? Lessons have to be learnt and yes it’s going to hurt. But give an amnesty now and you undermine the entire system and throw the rules out the window. Some clubs have blatantly not complied, if they get amnesty, they don’t get punished and it will be even worse.
They should have a salary cap like in the NFL or NBA. I believe this would make all teams equal (within the context of them being in the prem i don't know about lower leagues or foreign leagues).
Compared to these two clubs vs. Everton - would be Everton stealing a toycar vs stealing a formula 1 car.
There's an old adage in the American NFL that if you're not cheating, you're not trying hard enough... I suspect that the Prem has devolved to this raw pursuit of money and many more clubs are guilty of something. A blanket amnesty would confirm the corruption...
Lol he wants an amnesty lol Man United maybe in that so thats why Mr smug United face is saying such things.
Money!! City will not be affected. The investigation will take forever. Just watch.
Mark getting tongue twisted here thinking of Brazilian William's when mentioning Brazilian Willian 😂😂😂😂
Chelsea won’t
First of all, the email leaks were leaked illegally. Seconded the man who leaked the emails was recently convicted for black mail and other charges. In City’s defense how can anyone trust these 115 charges when they could have been altered. Yet nobody is talking about this. I don’t think City are going to be punished and there will be a media frenzy.
Hopefully Man U should be in this amount money they have spent on players and wages over years
Amnesty is a sham  ,bring on the super league get big teams out of premier it's best for all the rest
Money talks
Thank God for Saudi Arabia. If the Premier League becomes a shithole league like it was in the mid 1990s, there's always Saudi Arabia for us non-English PL fans to turn to.
City need to own up shocking corrupt club, Hand back some trophies  they did not deserve
Inept sterile officials,should of dealt with this as it occured, it's now a large problem for premier league, if they lose confidence from public it will bring on the super league,
City and Chelsea should be relegated to league 2 .
Relegate them both,we all know Man City and Chelsea have been buying trophies for years
Epl will definitely go down if man city and chelsea are relagated ,imagine the only performing two teams in europe being thrown to mud
Should be put all the way down; Portsmouth, Rangers and other clubs sent down for financial issues where their owners had put the clubs into a terrible spot. As unfortunate as it is for the fans, it's the way it goes. Maybe people should take more of an interest of the going ons of their clubs. German clubs are 51% owned by the fans and seem to be far happier than other leagues.
Fans suffering has nothing to do with breaches of FFP. Clubs have to be held accountable if they have broken the rules. Declaring an amnesty is ludicrous. If the rules are enforced then all fans benefit from a level playing field. Pardon the pun.
I'm old enough to remember the Great clean up of the nineties, they nailed George Graham and it all went quiet 😂😂 this will be no different, Chelsea and City fans should probably buy the next evertonian they meet a beer as a thank you
Don’t care who gets impact. If you egregiously break the rules then suffer the consequences
Send Man City to the Conference!
Plus owners should be kicked out of club and never allowed to be involved if football again
I am not bothered about the Chelsea, City, or Everton fans. More fans have suffered as a result of their club's alleged cheating of FFP breaches.
If clubs have broke the rules they should be punished. Even if my club has, nobody is above the law
As a United fan if we are found guilty then we should be punished. Every club needs to be hammered if they broke the rules. End of
How about Arsenal?
Chelsea will be handed a fine because it was the previous owner, city however could be quite a high punishment
My prediction is the Everton points deduction will be reduced after appeal, probably to 6 points, and it will stand as a mark in the sand for what will happen to City and Chelsea.
Lqw is law it have to be respected, aii of them must get their share of punishment
City should be relegated to national league, Chelsea down to league 2. They should have everything they have won over this period stripped and removed from history and have a transfer ban plus a massive fine. Its only fair
Not been able to sing this for years    now I can can city's gong down with a billion in the bank 😅😅😅😅😅yes that sounds good 👌
Chelsea and city both deserve to get relegated
How exactly can you claim Man City and Chelsea fans will 'suffer' as a consequence of all this? Even if they are relegated - supporters of both clubs have enjoyed periods of success that would have been impossible without the extravagant spending and investment that is now being investigated. How many PL titles had Man City won before these (alleged) offences took place? How many Champions Leagues had Chelsea won before Abramovich? This is the price clubs (should) pay for cheating: trophies in the short term, sanctions thereafter.
Chelsea has done nothing wrong. Bullshit!!!
the victims are the teams that should of won the league but didn't because Man city over spending
When Liverpool fans brought this up months ago ie, city financial dodgy deals everybody calling them moaning scousers, what’s changed😊😊
I am an Everton Fan i am disappointed and disgusted we didn’t deserve that
Cheats relegate them both
Rules are rules and yes they should be relegated for what is basically CHEATING
Neither will be relegated be to harmful to the premier league as a brand
There can't be an amnesty now that would be unfair to Everton
You have to be full blown deluded to think either team will go down or face anything more than a fine
Come on, lets get real. If indeed both City and Chelsea have committed these breaches, there is no chance in a million years are the Premier League going to give them sanctions that would see 2 of the biggest clubs, 2 of the richest teams, relegated to lower tier football. Its just not going to happen. I know that, the fans of the clubs know that, football fans in general know that.
We over spent for whom? Beto…? Where city win everything with their charges
Wonder what happens to punters who bet huge moneys on games where its proven ffp was breached...😮
Glazers need to get relegated
Would be horrendous for Chelsea as they are all on 8 year contracts.
First comment was will crystal palace compete with man city if ffp is abolished, why does he always say city or Newcastle knowing that notmanchester utd have spent more...
Sorry but ridiculous in my mind chelsea single handed f'd up football
Man city -99 points
City have been financially doped for more than a decade- they have brought football into disrepute- all of their titles should be taken from them as well as being regulated out of the football league
Wenger will show them no mercy
City and Chelsea will just bribe their way out
Not far man city out ASAP
Obviously hates Chelsea the premier league welcomed all these dodgy people into their league who effectively made it the most watchable and now get all moralistic  The hypocrisy is nearly as bad as the corruption they obviously knew would follow
Everton will be fine, they're lucky that there are worse teams this season. If it had been applied in the last 2 seasons they would have been down.
This Chelsea fan is not in the least worried.  The Pl would NEVER relegate My team or city, because they would then guarantee the Super League. Loss of revenue would be incalculable.
FFP is so the big 6 can stay the big 6!!
Mark,this is the most honest and fairest breakdown of this issue I’ve heard. Great job as always Mark.
If they relegate Chelsea and Cit.. it's over for the Primer league.. they know that... it's not good for them to even think about doing that...... Because all the stars even Guardiola will transfer to other league nobody will stay at Chelsea + City to waste 1/2years of second division league...
I'm a Chelsea fan, and I'm not worried one bit about it . Worst case, we and City will make lower league more attractive 😅. Wherever they send my club, i will be there 💪
nothing will ever happen to city or chelsea simple as that
Charlton v man city and chelsea next season. See you at the valley lads!😊
Fans have always suffered in football. They have also experienced ultra highs. That's how football works. You can't stay at the top forever like man utd did for many years. That would make it boring like the Scottish league. Eventually, other clubs get rich at some point and take their place.  It happened with man City. Chelsea. Their fans have experienced ultra highs for many years now  and at some point that with change. Fans have to take the rough with the smooth.  Other clubs Fans like Villa and Newcastle have suffered with bad owners for decades and have seen nothing in the way of trophies for years are now going to take the place of city, Chelsea man utd at the top at some point...
I have zero sympathy for anything to do with Man City. There is absolutely nothing organic about that club. The premier league will be better without them
Chelsea and Man City fans have had the benefit, joy and elation of winning things that their respective clubs gave them, courtesy of those clubs cheating. So no, the fans are not victims in the least. The actual victims are fans of other clubs that were deceitfully deprived of the winning feeling of their clubs achieving success or avoiding relegation. It cannot be  spun it any other way.
Scunthrope are innocent!
Mark, I do understand what you mean about an amnesty window. I get that it might be the only way for the league to get through this, but how is that not grossly unfair to Liverpool who twice lost the league by just 1 point to a club that was cheating? Think of the money involved. LFC would have to sue MCFC.
city and chelsea will face zero consequences, maybe a small fine. football is dead.
Fans also don't run their clubs well and lawfully. That's not a good argument
No Amnesty thats a terribly unfair idea. Sorry i might be a soar Liverpool fan but if they cheated they deserve what they get. I dont think its just Chelsea's last owner ship that gives back handers the Caciedo transfer was very suspicious.
I like how mark added Man Utd arsenal and liverpool to that list too🤣 because it’s true anyone could be guilty of it
The premier league needs to make a stand.  This cheating has to stop 🛑
Not worried about the Chelsea-Fans at all. There are plenty other clubs in London they could support as well😊
First, it's never gonna happen. Man City and Chelsea have too much money and power to be relegated. Second, what if they are? What happens? They're back next year and restart business as usual. And the other clubs, who spent years competing against, let's face it, cheaters, and lost countless titles to them, don't get anything back.
The Quataries can bankruptcy both the Premier league and Eufa by deferring the court cases indefinitely. FIFA have signed a big deal with Saudi Arabia which will eventually see more top games being played there. The ownership of clubs are increasingly looking to increase the revenue streams. I can see a League Cup final being played abroad as well as game being played in the summer and winter breaks for mini tournaments in the middle East.
As a chelsea fan  j am not worried the worst they can do is deduct points  and even then we still wont get regulated but lets not pretend that other clubs dont do same like paying individuals through off shore accounts.😂😂
Some of the media collaboration involved here were behind the Panama Papers, funded by offshoots owned by G. Soros. Before hearing from all parties maybe consider who benefits from this kerfuffle.
The other teams shouldn't be able sue Everton as the breach wasn't a sporting advantage obviously as we have fought two relegation battles. The breach is about the spending on interest on a loan which is for the new stadium. They  didn't take into account we lost our sponsor of the naming rights because of the Ukraine war which was a huge loss.
Man City should be relegated a couple leagues down but Chelsea only a big deduction and transfer ban
Do you for real think that the FA would relegate their best team the last 6-7 years 😂. They probably give them points, please
Sad to see how money is destroying football
You can’t prove that abramovic business deal with another Russian bloke has anything to do with Chelsea. You can think it but no evidence to support that. The only thing chelsea have to worry about is the payment to hazards agent. That’s it. Everything else has no evidence it’s between abramovic and other business men.
Everton openly just spending too much is not that big a deal. Hiding millions and faking what you are spending is much much worse
What's the point, everyone knows city nor Chelsea will get any deductions  or relegation. Its not what you know its who you know
Liverpool does it? Lol. No. Just no.
An it’s us billions in debt….
We know that politics and money talk so doubt anything will happen to Man Cheaty.
The PL disregarded all and any mitigation. Surely the effects of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the new stadium costs and the loss of sponsorship due to sanctions must count for some kind of mitigation.
The FA make far too much money to ever relegate the top 5 teams, especially City and Chelsea. It will be a fine and maybe a small points deduction, Everton will appeal and imo will succeed.
That’s everton down then 😂
Nothing gonna happen to Man City
Can Goldbrige read?
Weak logic.  Bigger number does not mean more guilt.  Everton admitted it and Man City contests it.  Maybe the evidence against Man City is not so strong… look in to it. The hacker is currently in jail.
Ah yes Michael Owen, that bastion of accounting sensibilities 🙄
dont know what mark is screaming about ...fans get the the trophies and glory ,  if thwey get regulated ...so its all fair .
They will use Everton to set an example and then clear the plate so man City and Chelsea get away with it
Super league will be back
Oh you sad bunch of jealous pricks ,City have been scrutanised by THE BEST LAWERS IN EUROPE .What did they find .Keep on dreaming 😂😂😂😂😂
They need to be made an example of.. but they won't, theyll just get paid off in one form or another.  No balls and no integrity.
Hang on here. Chelsea fans were celebrating and chanting abromovic’s name despite all of the shady stuff he was undeniably involved in. I can’t feel sorry for those fans who are now facing the music in relation to those charges.  Sorry, you made your bed now you lay in it. Classless fans celebrating all the money he used to buy trophies. It’s called consequence.
Really odd mark doesnt mention chelsea self reported where man city and everton did not. Everton cooperated with what they were asked for. Man city have denied all 115 charges. Chelsea werent being looked into but self reported. All the above would affect a punishment decision. Chelsea well could still face severe punishment butnits well documented they turned themselves in so why mark doesn't mention it is a bit odd.
So... If city are charged what happens to the cups and league titles? Only asking before i start printing the 45years and counting tshirts 😂
Should strip all the titles from City since the takeover. Relegate city to the National League or League Two.
I do sympathise with the fans to a point, but fans will take the success that the dodgy deals facilitate and gloat about it!
They're not going to relegate them. Look at what happened to serie a after they relegated their best clubs.
Me thinks this fella is worried about what Man U might have done so playing the amnesty card after Everton have been hit hard. Also never trust the word of a fool who wears a Christmas jumper in November 😂🤣😂
Everton admitted to wrong doing. They could not deny the evidence. Man City is contesting the evidence which was gathered by a hacker who is currently in jail. When you admit to guilt you get quick justice. When the evidence is shaky and contested, you get due process.
Backdating of points via deductions in each year impacted in addition to fines - if you have a legacy built on corruption, strip that legacy away.
CIty deserves to be punished they cost Liverpool and Arsenal titles even that season United were 2nd on the table that season in question as well i say relegation and suspension from the PL is good i dont care for City fans they all a bunch of hypocrites and all who supports the evil ways of wining
It's the Lance Armstrong-era of the Premier League. Those 115 charges are only the beginning, abu dhabi wouldn't comply with the investigation post 2018 so those charges are still to come. It's a disgrace this cheating has been allowed to happen as without sporting merit and integrity the competition is worthless. Charges and changes need to happen to restore the competition.
Come uppence is catching up with the cheats - watch out city, northern premier league for you soon & without all your overpaid 'stars' & dodgey middle east money, you will probably be relegated!
Chelsea and Man city will pay the FA off like they a😊lways do .
How the hell has city git a bigger turnover than United when the grounds half full
What else would you expect from Michael Owen!  Not the brightest spark in the box.
Mate liverpool with famously stingy owners have not remotely done anything wrong.
Scrap the PL and start again with new rules
Let's hope they both get done .Will prove they have not been good without money .Chelsea fc and Man  city should be thrown out of the prem and end up in 4th tier 😂😂😅😅😅
Mark you sound like a Spurs fan,that not won anything for years because rivals as won many trophies.Only thing is Man utd as won in the past.And this bitterness is unfair.And should have enjoy the moment when United was winning trophies.I do agree if Chelsea and Man city have being breaching the rules they should have severe punishment.
What about FIFA dont want to look under that rock 👀👀
German reporter has been saying this for years
FFP is there for a reason it’s got to be fair across all teams
It's a shame what football has become! It's all about money. We could talk all day about ifs buts and maybes but it's all pointless unless there are hefty punishments. Do fans at Man City really care about the financial cheating going on, as long as they're winning everything? I don't think so!
Corruption + PGMOL = Downfall of EPL
This is why football not for me anymore it's finished
Chelsea and Man City to the National League HERE WE GO!😂
Freaking good news
Man city being relegated would bankrupt them they would have to sell everyone even the spoons and fork 😮
The clubs need to be punished, i agree that it is not fair on the fans however what about the fans of the clubs who have missed out on titles, chapions league or been relegated because of other clubs cheating.
I get the part whereby Everton fans will suffer, they havent won anything. Chelsea and City fans have won it all. Theyve had their day, their parties, their celebrations, you cant take that back its impossible. The punishment has to be very harsh
Rangers got done and had to start again at the bottom tier so should Chelsea and City 🤷‍♂️
I think it's the too long grass at City that will sink them.   Weird how the evidence of the "charges" has never been seen.  I smell a rat!
😂😂😂😂Get a Grip that won't happen .
No they won't
There guilty I was there
How is the fans suffering the same fans are telling clubs to go and buy players telling clubs they are not spending this is the results it
kicking city and chelsea out of the prem woud kill this league compleatly and hurt everyone, no one is gonna pay 2billion a year in tv rights when the most watched club in the league is kicked out and chelsea aswell
They better sort out Chelsea and city  properly for their charges and not just some stupid fine it's hard enough to compete as it is without playing outside the rules
City back to the championship back to where they belong
City fan here , can confirm! Pants are pooped
Hey Mark, I just made a video about the FFP. I actually agree about getting rid of FFP. Its useless and it doesnt work. BUT! Instead, it should be replaced with a Salary Cap, as it is in NBA, NHL, NFL, MLB. This will allow other teams to catch up if there is an investment and it will restrcit the likes of City and Chelsea, as you can buy players but when you dont have the cap to offer salaries, would the join?
What a shock a man united fan who team could spend more money than anyone not wanting the corrupt ffp rules getting rid of . Cabal working with UEFA and the premier league. Utter hypocrisy. Only the premier league and UEFA can they say the richest club can't spend in case it falls into financial problems who your sponsors can be and how much they can pay. It has nothing to do with teams getting into financial problems.
It's all the other clubs that have suffered due to these cheats, so I've no qualms about their punishment. There's no point in any of these measures if they ultimately have no powers whatsoever to carry them out!
The 8xbet story is interesting.
I can see someone getting relegated and banned from returning fir three years. Just relegation would mean an instant return the following year.
relegate the so called big 6 none of them will be clean
Think of Southend. Instead of these tourist clubs
Acknowledgement that Premier League havent mattered for at least a decade and a half.
Take a look at the NHL, they have salary cap and max spending limits.
The FA does not like the fact that Chelsea exposed the loop holes in their rules and the fact that Roman is Russian and his ties with Putan will haunt Chelsea it's all a political agenda with the PL.
i might just kill myself if chelsea get relegated
FFP stifles growth,  it was made to protect the clubs with "traditionally more fans" as the likes of Madrid, Juve and United are terrified of PSG and City.
Rather than points deductions for a club (fans), how about criminal proceedings against the individuals involved. We need some accountability.
We all want to jump in and judge, right now.  I'm a believer in the process.  None of us are inside the room, reviewing the materials.   But, there must be consistency.  One caveat:  The Chelsea item is complicated by a change in ownership.
In the meantime, city win another 3 titles, footballs corrupt ! Money and Oil talks
Anyone who breaks the rules deserve to be punished..... simple as that. If proven categorically.
City fan here. Don’t care if we get relegated. Go in championship for 1 season - win championship straight back to prem league then WIN prem league WE DONT CARE.  Enjoy winning a fake prem the year we are down enjoy it while it lasts
football like everything is in the mud over greed, love of money root of all evil..
Wonder how many people commenting on here actually think there club is being run properly? Football in this country is slowly killing itself because the people running the game aren't actually doing there jobs properly.
Did mark just ask how Everton and Palace would have a chance to catch up to Newcastle etc if ffp was binned lol?. come on lad. Simple, get new owners willing to pump the money in? if there was no ffp every club would be open to winning the lottery again. FFP is unfair in many ways, such as keeping the established clubs with the biggest established revenues at a major advantage with the only way the rest can challenge them being breaking the laws and fines/point deductions.
Amnesty, are you mental? If clubs have cheated they should be punished. There will be clubs that haven't cheated. They should benefit. Yes it might hurt the game in the short term. But in the long term it cleans up the corruption.
Its not just about the EPL though Mark. You really think Inter Milan are gonna sit there happy with their Champions League silver medals if it gets proven Man City have been cheating and bribing?
I will not be following football anymore if City doesn’t get relegated
Another point… Man City and Everton were avoiding the rules under present ownership!! It’s your opinion of whether you believe a shady deal is worse than actively avoiding rules by over valuations.. personally they’re both wrong but actively avoiding (and knowing this) is far worse.
Goldberg talking more in hope than anything!... City are innocent until proved guilty and they sure seem confident! 😁
I think City will be thrown into league 2, I expect Chelsea to get to get a 30point deduction
Pointless chat, we know nothing will happen
If you have people linked to the Kremlin what do you expect?   If you have a theocractic state owning a club what do you expect?  Feel sorry for chelsea and city?   NOT A CHANCE.
Man Cheaty will buy there way out.
The owners have every right to do what they want with the football clubs they own unfortunately fans have no say if they want to shut down a club tomorrow they will look at Wimbledon for example moving 40 miles away to milton keynes
im well aware corruption is a massive issue in English football, but I genuinely think incompetence is an even bigger threat to the league.  The people running the show just have zero idea what they are doing.
You can't have an amnesty if you've already punished someone. Also, as a Spurs fan, Levy gets a lot of abuse for not spending more on players, and it's always "Why didn't we sign another player?", but I know for a fact that we don't have these issues, but we'd be punished if other clubs get away with FFP breaches. If you knowingly break rules that you agree to, then you should be punished.
The oil money will pay off everyone, and result in City and Chelsea getting docked 3 points
There will be brown envelopes passing hands for sure, am sure nothing will happen to either side, the FA are a joke
Who will watch Premier league without Chelsea and Manchester City 😂
From what I’m hearing. Expulsion from the league is more likely than a points deduction or relegation.
Whats the point of relegating city/chelsea? Theyll be back next season...
Relegate them and anyone else who cheated
Chelsea’s charges are before Tod Bohley and it was Tod Bohley that brought it to the attention of the authorities. I think this will help in there favour.
Man city and Chelsea have nothing about, rules only apply to clubs that can't afford to break the rules
Wouldn’t restricting the amount of players allowed in a squad be better than how much a team spends it would police it’s self if you got 30 players for example to buy a player you would need to sell one 🤷‍♂️
Something I haven’t seen being spoken about is the potential backlash from the big clubs should they be punished. E.g European super league.
I love to see city relagated
City get 15 point taken off city will still get top 4
The two teams who just delivered the best game of season so far aswell ffps fcs . Guardiola for England! 😂
Wolves had to sell a bunch of players in the summer and have indefinitely put off plans of upgrading the stadium (which it desperately needs to) because of FFP. If Chelsea and City don't get punished it is a massive slap in the face to clubs who have done the right thing.
The FA could open the door for the super league.  Clubs won't have any other option.
If City get anything less than relegation, Everton should sue for clear bias.
If that was arsenal we would be chucked out of the league straight away fact
We all know they'll just get a transfer ban for 2 transfer windows
I think that if an owner of a club is found guilty of a breach of FFP they are forced legally by the FA, to implement the 51% percent rule like in Germany, so that the fans don't lose their clubs that they love.
You know they will change the rules so that Chelsea and city get away with it
The difference with Chelsea is they sanctioned Abramovich & forced a sale. The new owners of Chelsea flagged this up & opened all the books to everyone.  If they do punish Chelsea which they will, I imagine a lot of clubs will get investigated for similar things.
All this is just the plan to get liverpool, Manchester United and arsenal on top since they have seen that its impossible to dominate Manchester city and the fact that they have seen Chelsea to be the next man city
Chelsea haven't been charged with anything 😂
Im a city fan, i do believe if found guilty city should be punished, but i wont sit here for a second doubting my club until proven guilty, and as i agree with mark, relegation is not ideal because that just punish the fans, a fine wont hurt city, and stripping of titles is unfair to the players, a transfer ban is the fair punishment, but i dont think fa got anything to punish city, if they had it would have been done already, uefa tried and failed, the fa is just trying to save themselves from embarassment
Man City and Chelsea 0 points here we go
Chelsea may get done but I can’t see City being punished.
Transfer ban and relegation
All I can see is jealous from other big clubs
So it's 5 points per £10 million overspend hmmm I'm sure city and Chelsea are significantly higher
Everyone jumping on the band wagon these clubs aint gettting dun haha
Fact is. There's more than just the owners that would have been involved. It's the accounts team & members of the hierarchy. So you can't just blame the owners of said clubs. Unfortunately these do need to be punished in whatever way the FA sees fit. It's sad, yes. But if it's going to happen to Everton then it needs to happen to any other team that's done the same. Use them as examples.
Man city walking into FA with a comically large bag if money:
If the Everton punishment sets the standard...then Man City will be playing Cray Valley Papermills FC if there is any justice.
Imagine this: there's a big question mark hovering over whether Chelsea and Mancity are connected in a way that could cause trouble because of their business ties. It's like trying to figure out if someone's paying money where they shouldn't. When you're the owner of a club, doing any business with others can look suspicious, almost like a secret payment, even if it's just regular business costs. It's all about trying to understand if money's going where it shouldn't in the world of sports clubs.
If the consistency of the VAR this season has taught us anything is that the FA with certain clubs will just look the other way. Both Chelsea and Man City will get a slap on the wrist!
Man u r worse than Man city  ?
Imagine telling billionaires you can't spend or invest in your business. Especially ehen that means your rivals can always spend more. FFP id absolutely corrupt in itself
Rangers were liquidated and the new club joined league 2.
Relegate them so owners stop fkn cheating TOOOOON ARRRRRRMY
Me as a Liverpool fan smiling through the whole vid knowing my team is fuelled by passion not just oil money and dodgy bribes😂😂
All teams are cooking the books.
There seems to be a strong undercurrent of corruption in both City and Chelsea scenarios - still to be proven of course. In which case it's criminality. I don't think the PL want to go down that road. But amnesty is not an option. So some form of exemplary punishment would seem to be on the cards. Anything less would be wholly ridiculous.
They both need relegating so far down the leagues their players leave, and just as easily as they cheated their way to a book full of expensive assets they are stripped of them the same. Once relegated introduce stricter caps on budgets and impose transfer bans. Let them rely on youth to work their way back up.
The new chelsea management have themselves bought this up as part of the acquisition. This is not a fault of the new chelsea. ManCity on the other hand have consistently flouted with the transfer rules.
Thankfully the regulators are knights in shining white armour. They cannot be bought.... 🤔
Michael Owen is a muppet.
Mark asking what happens the Chelsea's fans if they get relegated... they become Manchester City fans... What happens if they both get relegated? They become Newcastle fans, they're the next big thing 😅
City been the reason  the league  been so competitive  over the past years , city dominance made other them up their  level,  otherwise  you would still have that boring  long ball style  of play,
Think there is a very realistic chance that they don’t accept the punishments and break away from the league. Newcastle will go too. PSG, AC, Inter, Barce, Real, plus 4 teams from Saudi and then they’ll leave the likes of United, Liverpool and Arsenal with a choice to make. And the American owner will choose the Super League - and claim they have no choice. It’s over.
They might get a trade embargo for a season. But that's as far as they'll go . They pay prem, fa and the refs too much money
Football conversations are dominated by Officiating, Var, Gambling and FFP instead of talking about the beautiful game. Its so sad that this is what it has become.
Dock City 115 points.
I've been saying for the last 3 years that Abramovich was a crook and Chelski supporters called it  jealousy. Let's see how it pans out 😉
Chelsea spending billions wtf😂
Everyone needs to be patient! Its only taking so long because scientists have yet invent a calculator sophisticated enough to tally up how many points theyre both getting deducted
I knew he was gonna say Arsenal, just couldn't help himself could he
This will never happen; we heard City will be banned from CL and we saw what happened at the end of
Hi mark
If this happens, I really wanna see how many city fans remain after. Can not stand so called City fans that has 0 clue about their own club history or any players before 2011.
The pl would never self sabotage only serie A is thick enough to do that
An amnesty how would that be fair on Everton stupid
Leeds got points deducted in the premier and we all know what happened there going down to League One for a couple of seasons before getting back to championship etc it was hard as hell for a Leeds fan knowing the behind the scenes business crippled us fans.
I jave absolutely no symyfor Chelsea or city fans because most of them only started following those clubs because of the success.
Don’t worry, City will be nice and safe. The Premier League would NEVER hurt their baby 🏦💰⚽️💙
As a Liverpool fan, I hope we get our titles back that were unrightfully cheated from us
City away to Pompey next season will be a right hoot
FFP does not work how many lower teams crack top 6 they don’t
It’s clear what’s going to happen.. not a damn thing!! Chelsea and especially Man City are two of the biggest money makers for the premier league.. the FA doesn’t have the balls to actually do anything
Man City should be relegated and their titles stripped and given to second place.
Juventus FC has been relegated to lower division plus they have been fined due to similar situation... So both Chelsea and City are not different
IF Man City and Chelsea are found guilty I don’t think they’ll get punished significantly. The premier league need city and Chelsea in the premier league for their brand. They’d lose too many big games in a season if they relegated those two clubs. I reckon they might get a fine and that’s it
They should be punished in the harshest way possible…   They have cheated in sport.  They should have every title stripped and be relegated to the national league.  Does Lance Armstrong still have his titles???   There should be a zero tolerance policy to cheating.
I doubt they gonna do anything about it, City,and Chelsea will heat away with it.
The fans rage should be directed at their club's owners and directors - not at the Premiership or FA.
We need city to be booted down to the national league so that the prem gets competitive once again
The amnesty you talk of has to exclude city and chelsea as they have already been found out especially city,  chelsea and todd could well get credit for bringing it up themselves.
You talk so much crap, what a joker.
Chelsea vs Man city in the national league? We will be there
Agreed, the PL has to get a grip on this & show it has teeth in regard to this. If not they risk exposing themselves to litigation & rightly so. The rules are the rules. Each team is suppose to follow them. If they are breached, no matter the reason, there has to be consequences. No one team is bigger than the league.
If City are found guilty on their 115 charges and if the same penalty per charge is imposed as for Everton, then they will be relegated to the Lancashire Sunday League, the Etihad Stadium will be demolished and all the trophies that they won since the Abu Dhabi takeover will be expunged from the record books.
How can you put chelsea in the same bracket as city? Chelsea board reported the problem and the worst thing they can get is a point deduction, most likely a fine.. we just mention thing for clicks now..😊
No amnesty. Strip them of their PL titles and cups and drop them into League 2 and promote all the top 5 Championship teams plus a playoff between 17th place PL and 6th place Championship.
Man City is basically owned by the UAE meaby the PL loves the oil money Man Citys 115 indicments gets swept under the rug
Don’t brainstorm, nothings gonna happen to City and Chelsea, they’re FFP proof.
You do all realise that if chelsea and city got relegated then there would be a super league almost instantly! The PL finally having a backbone could end up being their downfall!
Man City and Chelsea getting relegated? Hahahahahahahaha 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 next joke
I’m wondering whether the Premier League is making an example out of Everton to showcase the severity of their decisions. But then again I’m also doubting whether they will be as harsh against  City, which is their biggest club in the last 5 years
I wonder if football should follow in the footsteps of the NFL (and I'm sure other US sports) where they have an annual salary cap for the franchise. So, if they want to sign one of the best players in the league on big wages, they have to trade/cut either a lot of players on lower wages or one of their own big earners. This stops franchises with more resources hoarding all the best players. It keeps the league fresh. Only because Brady was goated did the Patriots dominate the league for so long.
Man city wouldn't build a £350million extension if they thought they would be found guilty
Fed up of pundits calling it too much, its pathetic. All these clubs should be thrown the book at.
I wish united fans stopped acting like they have the worst owners in the world like they don't and its not even close. (not saying mark is saying that but others are) also if man city don't get like a triple relegation there isn't a god in this world.
A top 6 club in this league will never get punished. A so called lesser team will always take the bullet.
send both the bastrds to the National League......cheats
Chelsea fan here, if guilty we need to be punished harsher than Everton, relegation is appropriate  Given how the PL has fixed VAR though I'm not holding my breath the PL is gonna properly fix FFP anytime soon. 😆
Everton were done for dodgy accounting, nothing criminal whereas City have been charged with wholesale fraudulent activities for over a decade as well as withholding evidence.
I don't agree with an amnesty. City have 115 charges against them. You can't just wipe that out without punishment.
Can the premier league afford to lose City and Chelsea? Don't they bring too much revenue and viewership to the league?
The government are going to step in it on the cards
Wtf! No amnesty. Its only the bigger clubs that breach the rules because they've got the best lawyers to get them out of the mire. We'll in this situation they've lost, the smaller clubs win. Amnesty? Wtf are you on about?
The Rangers situation was different up here, they were never punished by the FA for financial cheating. They liquidated and formed a new club, they wanted to re enter the premiership and the clubs voted to send them to the bottom. Its a very common misconception that they were relegated for cheating, they weren't.
Relegation might be good for some of the 'big 6''s fans. They might start to appreciate what they have/had.
We ain't rivals with you Goldforest you're not a Manchester United fan 😂😂😂😂
No sympathy for Chelsea or Man Citeh fans mate. They were all happy to be transformed from home clubs in their own cities to CL winning clubs by benefiting from dodgy cash. Be careful what you wish for.
If found guilty City should have all their dishonestly won trophies stripped from them
Chelsea should be dissolved
keep financial fair play ,, and throw the book at any club who breaks those rules ,, cheating is cheating at end of day , no matter which club does it ,, yes the fans will suffer but what other choices are there ?    p.s  i support Leeds  and we had pts deduction after the risdale issue ,, we got rtelegated and if i remember correctly got another 15pt deduction the season after too that was rolled on from that ,, no one was saying oh its harsh the poor supporters etc ,, we took and came back ,  so yes the larger the the crime the heavier the punishment , or whats the point at all .!!!!!
Every who cheats should be punished. Even as a United fan, if we cheated we deserve the punishment.......rules is rules! Being a big club shouldn't mean anything.
Chelsea were already fined by Urfa for self reported stuff so the only way they can get out of it is if it they have it in the file for the fine by uefa
They only went after Everton so quickly because Chelsea and city have more power if the prem even threaten too kick out city then they go make the super League
Suspicions of City and Chelsea breaches have been around for a while so if found guilty by all means fairness dictates punishment. In such cases the penalty would have to be severe and not just points deduction.
Am a Chelsea fun, and to say the truth am not waried about relegation, because i know for sure, will be back in the PL .if we go down to league one, will take that trophy and go to championship, and Will come take that championship trophy and climb into the PL . How about that?
115 doesn’t even sound real anymore taking 2years to prove city guilty of 1 charge
Chelsea haven’t been charged with anything 👍🏻
Chelsea and Man City will simply leave and go into the Super League which like it or not will happen. It is not a question of if it is a question of when and of course United will join them
Please City get relegated so that Pep can finally go back home to Barca. WWe need him back
Chelsea and City fans have enjoyed the success and glory that came with all the money their owners spent.  It’s only right they have to take the punishment now
Should we charge CFC as the entity? How would you feel picking up the slack on your channel for the behaviour of others.?
Man City & Chelsea will get relegated and it will be an opportunity for them to form a super league via a back door route
It was the Rangers fans who suffered for years because of the actions of the owners. Nobody gave a toss about their suffering. If the likes of City and Chelsea have effectively cheated they should be made an example of like Rangers were in Scotland. Otherwise why should any team follow the rules?
Nothing will happen.
City need relegated all the way down to the SPL😂😂😂
Man City will never be punished. Its not possible
There's no way these clubs will get anything stands to reason they've done it for all these years so nothing will happen it just makes good news. 😅
calling for amnesty is like doing a massacre then wanting a cease-fire.
What a joke , a relegation warning is nothing and pathetic compared to what Everton have received...
AT LEAST IF UTD WENT TO LEAGUE TWO THEY MIGHT WIN A FEW GAMES.
I’m all for Chelsea and Man City going down
What's wrong with the Premier League that it takes them several years to audit clubs and their finances?
A corrupt Russian Oligarch?   Well I never..
With that 10pts deduction for Everton (which will prolly be decreased after an appeal) the PL will create massive damage to its brand and with that sponsors will try to back out and that juicy TV deal of theirs will be in danger. The PL themselves allowed all this to happen when they started allowing state ownership and shady people to own football clubs. The mess they created will end up being their own downfall cuz clubs will start suing each other creating an unprecedented mess.
There is no say they get relegated. It would be detrimental to the league and the game
You’ve got it wrong their decision caused Leicester city & some one else to get relegated that’s why go and watch “Younes Talks Football” he’ll explain the situation much better.. Chelsea are cool 👌🏾
Chelsea owner self reported. The other club fans sleeping on their owners without knowing if they had done shady things or not. Every rich owners do some shady things.
The problem is that Man City's punishment cannot be financial as the owners are worth a Trillion, it has to be something that would have some effect.
DIDN'T MAN UTD HIJACK BERBATOV HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE GOING TO CITY.
Nothing will happen
They are too big of a name to go down imo . Look at the recent match between them , a 4 - 4 draw . How much revenue does that alone pull in for the PL . These clubs are too big of a brand name to be sanctioned by the PL . Also city has got the worlds best lawyers working for them . Nothings gonna happen unless you are a small team of course .
oil money is going to get them no charges
How many trophies will be deducted and awarded to runners up?!
Cheating is cheating and City and Chelsea should be thrown out of the league all together like Rangers were when they were caught!
Just not happening though is it.
By introducing FFP, the clubs in the cartel tried to STOP the likes of Man City and PSG from joining them at the top table
Chelsea fan writing this: I feel like if nothing has happened up to this point then I don't see why it will from now, it's only become a question now because of Everton's situation leading to people talking about us and Man City getting punished.
Cheating , the sentence should be relagation for MANCHESTER CITY and CHELSEA . .
On my opinion already Chelsea have their coin's on they're hand since UK government sanctions the named owner for periods of 10th years
My suggestion for the clubs involved is to leave the PL and join a Super League instead, with Arab clubs.
Man City owe Liverpool a few Premier League trophies. When you see what Man City have spent compared to Liverpool over the last ten years its a miracle Liverpool have competed so closely to them.
They won’t do anything to city or Chelsea as it will put off future investment by other billionaires whom the premier league need for their business model. It’s not about the fans and football it’s about a product and money!
The worst thing about Evertons breach is that it did not gain them a sporting advantage. The punishment is excessive and does not match the crime
The argument for elimination of FFP is that it allows smaller clubs to compete if they get rich owners. Now small clubs struggle to compete even with rich owners due to FFP. FFP is designed to keep the big clubs at the top. I don't think it should be abolished, but the way it works now clearly isnt working
The guardian has a far left agenda. It's all due to Russia basically.   You have to be extremely naive to believe no other clubs do these practices.  We are the most hated club in England, not worried at all. The government stole our clubs money and nearly liquidated us, we still survived and we will survive again.
Seria was completely different. Juventus were caught match-fixing.
No escape route for Chelsea and man city.😮😮😮
Just because united and arsenal have not been winning in the last decade does not mean they haven't breached, they have basically spent about the same money, let's see where it ends
I heard a rumour Man City are going to get relegated to the Scottish Premiership 😂
If they want to clean up the Prem, then there can’t be any amnesty.
Chelsea and Man city in Vanarama league
I cant stand evertons fans ,the screaming etc ,but we're not being fair here,its over the top baised  punishment,on this scale Chelsea,and Manchester city could end up in non league football or at least bottom tier ,to show their fair and honest 😂😂 f*****g fair hahaha and honest heeeheee did i just say that ,three men in a room miles away making decisions in a match ,could be fixed  football could it ???
If city got relegated be pointless they would smash every team 5 or 6 0 then just come back in league and win it they just made most money ever by a British club It won't hurt them much
Premier league will fuk up when MC and Chelsea relegated.
CITY has to HAVE penalty 💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯 115✅💯💯💯💯💯💯💯
Nothing is gonna happen... Theyll probably deduct points and hit em with a ban coz the prem is a business and if they do relegat the clubs then money goes down and everyone knows they dont want that to happen....
I'm curious what happens if there's a Class Action Lawsuit against Premier League and they find Premier League incompetent and corrupt. Would there be any chance of getting Government getting involved in running it citing the above.
regelate them to 3rd division
Oil fc untouchable
City and Chelsea will get a slap on the wrist. We all know this.
Both get the same treatment won’t Rangers got or they should
As a Liverpool fan I have literally zero fear of this.
Instead of points or fines, should be transfer window bans where they can't buy but can sell. This is where they will make up what the lost due to FFP. Points deducted or fines will or can make them lose even more money so FFP is just a downward spiral, potentially
Man c has Arabia money so.......
SO IF CHELSEA AND CITY HAVE CHEATED DOES THIS MEAN TOTTENHAM WILL HAVE THREE MORE TROPHIES LEAGUE WHEN WE WERE SECOND TO CHELSEA, AND LEAGUE CUPS V BOTH.
Well the law of averages would indicate City will be done for a atleast a few of them 115 charges. If found guilty will Arsenal and Liverpool be handed those titles they were cheated out of.
If city can back off from Rice where they could just have added a little bit more to get him, why do you all think simply because them having money would automatically pull them out of this case? And remember its years and years of their charges. A lot would have to be done in order to escape this, unless they aren’t proven guilty.
The superleague organisers right now 😂🎉🎉🎉. The FA( primier League )guys will only issue fines at most. Lawyers are about to get very rich.
BRENTFORD CHAMPIONS THEN?
Everton should sue Premier League which in turn will get others in league to get in line.
Man City aren’t getting anything.
Juventus treatment loading…..
How can you feel sorry for city fans. Cocky as anything they get what they deserve
Man city get relegation the league is finished
What’s the purpose of relegation? City and Chelsea will only dominate lower leagues and deny promotion for competing clubs. It’s a widespread punishment
15 point enough
As Sean Connery aka James Bond said in Goldfinger, “Cheats Never Prosper!”
An amnesty is a joke.   The money they have and they still have to be corrupt? Don't be an apologist for egotistical billionaires
BLACKPOOL!!!!
if they relegate big teams it'll just cause the super league
We're not worried..😂Man Utd fan hoping Man City & Chelsea go down.. nothing new😂
I have zero faith in the corrupt F.A. and Prem officials who are bought off by Shitty and Chelsea.🖕🏻🖕🏻
They should get relegated
If it can happen to Juventus and Rangers, it can happen to Man City and Chelsea. Be great to see Tottenham, Arsenal, Liverpool, Newcastle, Aston Villa, Brighton as the new top 6 ❤
City and Chelsea can pay their way out of trouble I expect, but no way am amnesty is fair if Everton have to take their punishment.
Stripped of titles? Could this mean ole gunnar and jose mourinho would have a premier league title to their name in Man Utd colours? I figure that if they cheated their way to the top, anything they did after would become void.
Not one of City’s 115 charges will stick, due to massive brown envelopes dished out all over the shop. The PL is on its way to self imploding and fans will be the ones to suffer.
They'll need to deduct 60 points from City for them to be relegated.
Chelsea MAY face a little punishment. No more than Everton though..  Chelsea aren't owned by middle east oil money, though.  City will NOT face any punishment whatsoever.  Because they ARE owned by middle east oil money.  The PL, the Football League, the FA, and Britain in general know who to answer to.  Goes back to 2012.  Mansour was getting impatient with no league titles yet, was threatening to sell off, and Richard Scudamore leapt into action - 2012 was fixed (watch Paddy Kenny dive over shots once word came in Bolton were going down and QPR were safe), and 2013 also fixed to give SAF a retirement gift and balance things out.  English football and the UK in general are nothing more than a subservient vassal state to the middle east.  City won't face anything REMOTELY resembling punishment.  IT's at the point of being "Rule Britanniallah".  Don't kid yourselves.
Football lives in the real world - the rich gets away with murder, period.
Probably both get a fine.
if they are proven to be true, just look what happened Rangers and Juventus who both got put into lower divisions
Chelsea fans cheered Abramovich and his cheating. They, and Man City, deserve every punishment they get.
Its all about the money money money
sigh, they're not gonna relegate 2 teams that bring in the most viewership, the FA aren't exactly beacons of fair play
Man City and Chelsea will return to the mid to lower league teams the have alway been before the money and fake fans turned up
Let them apply for the National. No guarantees though.
Suddenly everybody is a financial expert. 😂
With 100+ FFP Charges, realistically City should be relagated to 3rd or 4th tier football
A very rare occasion I'm gonna give Daniel Levy credit feeling more relaxed than others ...  Honestly I swear if he was a cartoon character he'll be Mr Krabs brother lol no seriously he wouldn't go over a single penny if any chance avoid when buying.
Mark stop being a scare monger Chelsea's and City's cases are totally different to Everton.  And as such they don't warrant bring dealt with in the same manner. EVERTON BLATANTLY AND KNOWINGLY BROKE THE RULES DESPITE THE FACT THAT THEY HAD BEEN WORKING WITH THE FA.  CHELSEA'D CASE IS TOTALLY DIFFERENT BECAUSE IRREGULAR PAYMENTS THIS COULD OPEN UP A CAN OF WORMS BECAUSE "VERY CLUB" HAVE BEEN DOING IT, CHELSEA SELF REPORTED AFTER THE TAKEOVER.  THE DESCRIPTION OF WHAT CHELSEA ARE BEING ACCUSSED OF DOING SOMETHING WHICH EVERY CLUB DO.
Yeah a bit of sympathy with the fans but its not fair to all other teams. So if this is proven they need to be relegated and also take away all Chelsea and Man C titles they won during that period.
Stop this relegation it will never happen they are the richest clubs .money talks the right people will be paid off. Point deduction.and banns of transfers and gines will be the result.get real
So why didn't Blackburn and man utd buy everybody in the 90s to win the league? Oh wait they did
Why feel sorry for the City and Chelsea fans, they love the big money signings both teams were nothing until they got dodgy owners, both clubs were nothing until those dodgy owners brought in glory hunting 'fans' and to be honest Mark you're not really any different wanting dodgy Qatari owners. Ridicules take.
Bro you’re high, Chelsea won’t get anything. They haven’t even been charged
More chance of mark appearing on the overlap than those 2 being relegated
🤔
🔵 CHELSEA FANS: Go watch “The Men Who Sell Football” here on YouTube. Your predicament will all make sense.
How white is Marks neck compared to his face today
I will bet if you looked hard enough, every club would have skeletons in their boardrooms! The world spins on corruption.
We know how corrupt the FA are, Man Cheaty and Chelski will pay their way out of it
Football is in the hands of fools
How did you keep a straight face 😂🤣😂🤣 your loving it really
So what they will be back next season be good to see some brilliant footballers in the championship why are people jealous of them 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
The Prem lawyers taking on the Saudi state lawyers. Only one winner there!
For me, I agree the fans shouldn’t have to pay the price. But Chelsea and city have had enough success in the past 15 years. Let’s see how many fans the blues’ have if they get relegated anyway.
Man City won’t be deducted due to how biased they are for a big club!!
I dont care about chelsea i just want to see city punished for the bants they deserve it for pretending to be a big club. Its definitely coming aswell i hope pep gets asked about every press conference between now and the end of the season.
Mark I disagree. Everyone in the world knew how Abramovich got his money and what kind of a man he is. And yet Chelsea fans worshipped him. They will hopefully get everything they deserve because let's be honest here. Is there a bigger bunch of detestable fans than Chelsea fans? I think no! As for City I hope they are booted out of football. Thet haven't deserved a single second of the success they had.
This is absolutely nonsense and you bitter rival fans will be left devastated, when City gets at most a fine at the end of this. You cannot deduct a football club points for spending their own money on the one hand, then have clubs like man u operating in huge debt while spending millions of pounds every other season on top of that debt.. Everton football club should boycott the premier league till their points are reinstated.  The only cheating in football worthy of points deduction is match fixing. Anything else is bullshit.
If it does happen it's well deserved imo
yeah nothings gonna happen video is basically pointless
Man united deserves relegation
How would the amnesty work when Chelsea have self reported yet still be punished?
You are one the most refreshing podcasts online..Keepin it Real all day everyday ..football needs you  Youre awesome and Godbless you ..coming from Liverpool fan
Man City and Chelsea should get at least 300 points deduction if Everton got 30
Do we actually think that Chelsea and Man City are the only other clubs that have done something dodgy? I'm not an Everton fan but it does seem very harsh and even feel that Everton have been picked on unfairly for some reason.
Liverpool and Man U should be investigated  and relegated as well
It's got to he proven? Utd broke ffp and got a £275k fine? Shall we compare that to Evertons over the top punishment?
What if Man City offered a billion for the independent committee to close the file ???
Call me a cynic, rules doesn't apply to the rich(er) and powerful.
Athletic reporting back in September that U.A.E are putting pressure on uk gov so city get off lightly . This is what the prem is up against a nation state city must be relegated
Remember I told you this, Chelsea will be punished and Man City won't, then they'll make out it's not because Man City are owned by an Islamic state...
How do you differentiate between poor business operations and intentionally circumventing the rules? I know which I think deserves the more severe punishment. Punishments need to be severe because integrity of the competition is undermined when point deductions are applied one, two or many seasons after the offence.
Desperation in his voice hoping that City get punished. As long as City are around Man U will absolute fck all
I feel for Everton fans as they have nothing to show for it.  But Chelsea and city?  Their fans have enjoyed a decade more of success and euphoria each.  If they do end up relegated to the 3rd tier (highly unlikely, but if guilty, deserved) take your medicine.
Owen isn't a smart man that's clear now
Chelsea have already been punished, due to the previous owners wrongdoings...and Chelsea's new owners ha e reported it themselves this year...Surely u can't put them in the same boat as City, who still have the same owners btw, with 115 potential charges.
you can keep talking about how worried man city fans should be, but noone really belives they will have the balls to come down hard on city
Chelsea haven’t even been charged and they self reported this.  In what world does Chelsea deserve relegation?
I fear that the Golden Rule may end up applying here: He who has the gold, makes the rules.
I don't buy this think of the fans mentality. What about the fans of the clubs who were relegated last season, due to Everton's cheating? Nobody should have an ounce of sympathy for City or Chelsea fans  if they are found guilty too. Their alleged cheating has effected more fans of clubs than either clubs fan base. Throw the book at them. Cheating on such a scale brings the whole game into question. It needs stamped out.
How can Chelsea be punished for something the old owners are responsible for?!… meanwhile Chelsea’s current owners have actually come forward and taken fines for past FFP accounting mismanagement.
charges are charges if there isnt prove why would they need to get  punish i dont get it
Will be funny to see the list of premier league clubs grow. As it’s inconceivable that only a couple of clubs have been guilty of bending the rules.
Everyone: Chelsea getting relegated!!!   Reality:not even been charged
Absolutely NO to any amnesty.
I think relegations for severe breaches is the only way to go about this. Set an example that if you try and get away with something like that it will have severe consequences, even if that means sending down Man City, Chelsea and whoever else. Overall I think that would clean up the PL, and fotball will become stronger as a result. If Liverpool would have had 115 allegations against them and found guilty of them all, I still would have said this. This is not about club rivalries, this is about the love of the sport
If the fans suffer when points are deducted, didn't they also benefit from the broken rules?
Surely, if both were to get relegated then they will just help start European Super league. I suspect they are both too big to fail.
Not a chance. Dream on 😂
Lol but the fans celebrated the trophies they won from all this nice financial engineering by their owners. So they have to take the pain as well
There needs a salary cap
Chelsea name getting mentioned when there aint even any charges your going of a supposed leak 😂
Worrying part is… if these teams do get deducted or sanctioned could it result in the “Big” teams again to start pushing for a breakaway again with something like we saw a couple of years ago? Ultimately trying to pressurise The Prem.
How can amnesty ever be an option, even though Everton already got punished. If Chelsea and city are guilty, they deserve the worst possible punishment
I really doubt that Chelsea or City are going to get punishment or relegated. This will never never ever happen
Financial fair play is obviously a trade off. It stops a small club having a lot of money being pumped into it to become big. But it also stops Man City or Newcastle just losing a fortune by buying titles. Just a trade off, neither wrong nor right, like most things.
The concern or interesting thing will be if they go after the more serious stuff or they just gonna only actually hit the smaller clubs
Newcastle probably have the cleanest ffp record in the league spent nothing under ashley for over a decade and new owners have been careful.
Pep needs to have a press conference immediately and apoglize for his dirty business.  And pottechino needs to do one with a translator and explain how a average manager can be a Chelsea manager step by step
FFP is bad for other European teams. So I actually agree with Owen here.
The titles they've stopped other clubs from glorying in and benefiting from financially. The clubs that were relegated when they shouldn't have been, the clubs that have lost out on European places, league and FA cups.  All the clubs that have worked their asses off for years to stay up in the top flight, improve their position in their relative tables, to win trophies and titles. It's an absolute disgusting disgrace. These financial doping clubs should never see the light of football ever again. So, amnesty shmamnesty. Get them out of football for good. The untold damage they've done to other clubs is unrepairable and unforgivable.
chelsea just flew oer my house
Now we wait for the doping revelations about a certain team who pressed like there was no tomorrow a few years ago.
No amnesty. That would be ridiculous.
Chelsea and City is not in danger. PL IS RIGED!!!
It makes you wonder why City haven't already been charged??,lf City are not charged huge sums of money will have been paid.
You can't say that FFP regulations need to have teeth and in the same breath say an amnesty would be good. If anything relatively small infractions like Everton's are the ones that should be in the conversation for an amnesty, not the biggest offenders. City and Chelsea should be made examples of, considering they are the ones that benefitted the most out of their infractions. UEFA already folded with the PSG and City investigations, if the PL fails too it will only prove FFP to be a joke (which you could argue already is) used to punish small clubs.
They'll be required to pay money that doesn't make a dent to them. They won't allow those two big teams to be relegated.
Nothing will happen to Man City. They are above the rules.
No way can a club like City get to where they have without financial doping for many years. I get annoyed that people do not get that its just common sense, whether anyone can prove it is another matter the owners are rebuilding half of Manchester the goverment will never allow them to be punished.
SPELL IT OUT WITH ME B-R-I-B-E
Naa! Nothing will happen....Everton is just small fries; City and Chelsea are big fishes!!!
Haha yea please hope o
This is why Newcastle are moving the way they’re massive credit to them as a United fan
/me imagines City fan's schedule next season hey we are playing United next! Ebbsfleet United that is...
I’m no expert on football finance but is well known that Everton are in financial trouble so they may have been given a massive fine that may have put them over the edge of liquidation or a points deduction which may not affect them.Clubs that have wealth with strong assets like city and Chelsea may in fact have to pay a very large fine plus transfer bans as well as a smaller points deduction if what they have done is deemed to violate FFP rules
Chelsea are not in the same boat as City. Chelsea have self reported, Chelsea haven’t been charged and Chelsea don’t have 115 charges. They’ll most likely have a15  point deduction.
Chelsea should get punished way less since their wrongful doings were from a previous owner, while Man City's wrongdoings( 115 btw) still came from their current owners.  Also, Chelsea's new owners admitted to something while City has covered it up.
Personally I think tacking some titles off them is the way to go.👌👌👌👌👌👌🥶
The only authentic big clubs with history and sacrifice in England are Arsenal Liverpool and Man U.   Chelsea and city are oil based and if punished we will see how many fans would stay with them 😂
i'd rather lose my VIRGINITY than a game of football
I think we should all agree that Micheal Owen is now officially the dumbest person on TV.
Whats a point of having a rich owner and he’s not allowed to use his own money?
Amnesty is the worst idea - an amnesty basically punishes all the clubs that have followed the rules. ManCity and Chelsea have ruined the premier league - facts.
English Premier League, is NOT Football! It is bloated and fake! There are better and more dignified leagues! The Premier League was always hyped. And I hope it is ruined!
Unsurprised Mark would support FFP, his club is single handedly the biggest benefactor of it!  Premier League's been broken for longer than City and Chelsea, you just didn't realise it when you were winning Mark. And you're right, there isn't anything we can do about it now.
You know what....premeir league dont have any guts to punished man city and chelsea...because money come in play... the case will go on, and go on for years.... lastly...all charges will be drop. Only lower team like everton will be punished even it is 1 dolar diffrent...
Mark corruption was there years & years ago thats when football changed for the worst!! So so so so sad
Chelsea and City are scum simple as . I hope they get relegated no one will miss these small clubs pretending to be giants .
Get rid of football agents.  Not needed and don't do anything. Let the players represent themselves.
Amnesty is sweeping it under the carpet. It’s cheating and should be punished. Everton have got away with it. Everton should have been relegated at the end of the season depending on where they finished with 4 teams coming up from the championship. That way the relegated teams from last year have an extra place as way of compensation. Man City & Chelsea if found guilty should have championships voided for those years they won and sent to division 2 like rangers & juventus. Only then will clubs not overspend and adhere to the rules. The league then becomes more competitive and corruption is discouraged because of the consequences
Whilst I agree that the punishment meted out to Everton may be most acutely felt by the fans, is it not also true that the advantage gained was also equally enjoyed by the fans. Should we feel more sorry for fans of teams who were relegated because they did play by the rules? If we accept that Everton could have had their points retroactively applied to the seasons in which they committed the infringement they would have been relegated. Is it unfair viewed this way?
Get the cheating clubs with no history back to the hole they crawled out from.
Relegation is not enough. These clubs have enjoyed a decade of success from cheating. The punishment should be much worse than a 10y prem ban.
I almost feel bad for Chelsea, the new owners have been completely transparent and self reported everything. And they might have their business destroyed by a previous owners actions.
From Thrasing The red devils to competing against Red dragon (wrexham) in league 2. The Tale of City.
If fans were complaining about sopending all the money over the previous years, I would have sympathy for them being relagated.  BUT, as no one complained once chasing glory...no sympathy.  Sorry.
that amnesty may work for other clubs but not anyone like the new onwers of chelsea dont know what the othe owner (payments) did sooo
Their fans have all benefited from the cheating, at the expense of fans of other clubs, so I have no sympathy at all really
Ave never been a fan of an independent regulator but am startn to agree that the league needs one
If the do and let's be honest they probably won't, we'll find out who the true fans are.
These investigations into city by the FA/UEFA or whoever is conducting it go like this: Lawyers start following all the extra money only to discover some of this money somehow finds it way back to the FA/UEFA themselves. Upon discovery of this its decided the best course of action to take for city spending too much money is to make them give FA/UEFA some more money in the form of a fine.
Why are you prejudging what might happen to Chelsea and Man ?City  when neither you or any of the average fans have any idea of the financial details of either of these cases.The people who  have expertise in football finances are saying that they dont think there will be any similarity at all between the three cases. It looks like the premiere league may have made a big mistake and opened a huge can of worms without due dilligence.What you should be debating is why The Premiere League have totally lost sight of the reason why FFP was originally brought in. originally.Gary Neville is bitterly oposed to FFP   because it was originally brought in  to protect the Old Guard elite Clubs in Europe from the likes of City and Chelsea succeeding and becoming successful which has obviously failed miserably.
Sorry all the fans jumped around and gave their team the big up when they had the success. Now they can stick with the team when they're playing the Dog and Duck at the bottom of the football pyramid, where they belong. Cheaters should be punished to ward off any potential future cheaters.
Take away all titles and trophies. I have no sympathy with the fans who delighted in lording it over everyone else when they knew they were cheating. Relegate them down three leagues and impose a transfer ban and watch how many fans Chelsea and City still have left after that.
You talk about teams catching up with Newcastle and man utd. Newcastle cannot compete with the top 6 to this day due to FFP. You admit Dan burn Murphy Longstaff aren’t good enough. We all agree. FFP is protecting for the top teams to ensure we can’t break into it instantly. Therefor what is the point in everyone’s wanting a billionaire owner? We had to sell st.maximum for 25 to buy hall and livramento. Chelsea and city didn’t have to do this. United didn’t back in the day. Yet now everyone else has to! IMO if your owner is rich and can afford it i.e everton and Newcastle what’s the matter let them try to spend to improve. Or else it will be the same teams at the top forever
If Citeh and Chelski get relegated here is a list of people I will not feel sorry for:  1. Chelski fans 2. The royal family of UAE 3. Pep Guardiola 4. Todd Boehly
Chelsea and Man City fans are use to relegation
It seems Italy is the only league with enough balls to quickly relegate their big Clubs for misconduct.
Amnesty may work with handing in shooters and weapons, but I do not think it is a viable option for the Premier League. Amnesty doesn't un-relegate the clubs that have gone down already. Nor does it un-win games or trophies for clubs.
PL trying to show govt. they can regulate themselves when they are in effect eating themselves. they relegate city/chelsea then the euro super league happens. good luck as city are more powerful than the PL...
City and Chelsea deserve it and I don't care. Chelsea fans weren't complaining when they were singing "we're the richest club in England" knowing they were cheating.
Get City stripped and demoted, no integrity club and no integrity fans
Its brutal for the fans, but if found guilty the clubs should be punished severely so it stops happening
Both could get relegated to the conference and still win the PL before man utd
If this happens to man City and Chelsea... these super rich owners will get there super league
make EPL great again.. 🍻
Apparently Everton could face a further 9 point deduction, if their potential buyers walk away from the takeover and they possibly end up in Administration. That team is definitely gonna be hungry for points, next weekend.
This is designed to help dismantle the premier league in favour of the new improved super league!
If you let everyone off 'Amnesty ' what about the clubs who played to the rules who lost their chance of trophies! And now can't reach the 'top 6' because the gap is now too big.
Everton also opened their books and said hey Premier League we may have an issue. We want to obey the rules. Chelsea and City have said nothing to see and and have not cooperated.  Does Premier League have the rights to demand their books?
“The fans suffer” is a nonsense argument. What about the fans of the teams that went down in Everton’s place? What about the fans of the teams who might have won something if City and Chelsea hadn’t cheated?
They won't get relegated. You know the rules.
Man City’s treble will always remain fraudulent. United did it better
You only call for amnesty because youre afraid Man Utd have cheated . Arsenal are run on a self sustaining model its not possible for us to breach ffp because we only spend what we make 😂😂😂
If this goes through (which is unlikely), as a Liverpool fan it would be the first team that I would feel grateful for having FSG as owners. They are such cheepskates that it would be impossible for Liverpool to break FFP rules.
relegation and a transfer ban please
We all know where this is going…. Super league V2.   Premier league can’t punish the big clubs because they’ll threaten to break away
City have 115 charges , chelsea have "allegations" big differences.
That's true mark, but the fans have seen success that neither club would ever have had...they've seen the light, illegally. So to return to no hope clubs like they were, tough.
Its all about money mark jst ask the owners of man city chelsea liverpool arsenal & the glazers..not football all money money money money money money money money money money!!!!
Someone’s mad 💀☠️🤣
We know, you know, they know, everyfkingbody knows that in this world, if you've got money, you're basically god. And according to folklore, you can't punish god. So let's cut the crap and not have this conversation at all as it is just wishful thinking at this point.
Man city will get nothing as per usual, they are probably paying the league
this is just a smear campaign towards city and chelsea owners. nothings is going to happen to them.
Man City and Chelsea will have no punishment. They are to important to the premier league and Everton were used to keep the government out of football.
Let’s be honest, it’ll be a good thing for football if City and Chelsea get relegated as you’ll soon find out how many fans they actually have.
If the clubs is found to have breach FFP and gain unfair advantage then they should be punished severely to set an example to other clubs not to do it. Why do you sympathise for the fans of these clubs? What about the fans of other clubs that got relegated or lose out winning the premier league because of these clubs that cheated?
I think rule breaking in the premier league is so rife that you cannot compete without cheating. There is just a variability in the extent of rule breaking. Much like you, I have no idea how the premier league gets itself out of this hole.
I’m a spurs fan but imo I feel like if the owners have the money to spend as much money as they want they should be able to spend and buy your mbappe’s and haaland’s of the world they should be allowed to do so without restrictions
Could this be a warning to Newcastle Utd
Thats right bring newcastle into this debate. Absolute disgrace.
Nah, Man City and Chelsea relegated? Its like asking your Dad to disown his Favorite son and cousin. Im sure the Prem will bend the rules for those two like instead of relegation, they'll just deduct the points. For Chelsea's case for example, its not like the current management did the shady deals. They were penalized for being owned by Abramovich 2 seasons ago, I dont think any more severe punishments will be enacted for the dealings of the past owners.
There cannot be any amnesty. If rules have been broken then clubs should be punished, whether that is points deductions, relegation, titles being stripped etc, otherwise what is the point of FFP.
Leeds had 25 points deducted for less than Everton. They should just count themselves lucky the bottom 3 are so bad they'll be fine
If they’ve all done it then they’ll all need to go down Mark… An amnesty is a ridiculous idea and could never work.
City have Lance Armstrong status
Financial Fair Play or a Salary Cap is needed in most sports. Look at MLB in the USA and how unbalanced some teams are because of the financial differences of owners.
Chelsea's happened when Abramovich was in charge of Chelsea it's bullshit
Nothing will happen to city and Chelsea  There expensive lawyer's will see to that They will just bury all this in red tape in the courts and know one will know who's right or wrong
Fans are equally responsible Mark. They're forever on social media having a pop at greedy owners that don't get the cheque book out. Can't have it both ways
As if City has admitted to wrongdoing. It’s not going to happen!!! Dream on!!!
You don’t need to get rid of financial fair play but it should be changed. If what a team can spend is based off revenue the big teams will always have a huge advantage there. The rich will always keep getting richer!
The only teams that like FFP rules are the likes of Man Utd fans because their club can spend 100s of millions on players. Its completely unfair to the teams with smaller global fan bases. They should just create a salary cap that is the same for every club in the league so that one team cant buy all the players and leave them in the reserves as Mark says here.
England and Britain are given to dubious ridiculous rules and decisions. You see it in every day decision on the field of play as well as VAR questionable, inconsistent decisions. Nothing is going to happen to Chelsea or Manchester City. QED.
Poor line of thought from Goldbridge. 1, Of course do realise we are at our club's mercy. 2, What about fans of relagated clubs who watched their clubs go down and over-spending Everton stay up. What about them? They suffered more.
Maybe this is why Chelsea and Man City changed their minds and ran for Super League lol!
Life is pay to win, just let football be the same. 😂
My mum's a lifelong Chelsea fan and hates the way that club has been run. When I said there's a small possibility of relegation her response was "lived through it before".
Everton are not getting back from ten points deduction.
The amount of money which City are alleged to have profited by is quite small relative to both the total gross spend and the total net spend. A small fraction. Any penalty should be directly represent the advantage financially which clubs have gained. That begs the question --why would City's ownership seek to deliberately conceal small amounts of money which could not have any substantial benefit to them? The 115 charges are simply a smokescreen. It is actually 5 charges containing the same allegations in subsequent years.
Chelsea could be in trouble, not Citeh. Citeh has more lawyers than players 💪
Football's corrupt fullstop - Some teams are far more corrupt than others. A football amnesty would be a disaster with claims and counter claims and would go through the courts for years.
If it wasn't for the money and cheating man City and Chelsea wouldn't even be in the Premier league.  Look where they both were before roman and the Arabs
Those who have breeched the rule(s) must be punished. No amnesty. It would be a recipe for disaster.
relegate city and chelsea and send a clear message.  take away all of cities trophies
Everton will get another 9 points deducted, and City and Chelsea will get let off
Let it go bro it is what it is
Absolutely nish will happen to them
Well we all know LFC will be fine with their tight fisted owners!!
City and Chelsea should be relegated several divisions. It’s happened in Scotland and Italy
Imagine city get sent relagation zone in the championship
The 3 biggest clubs in England are man u , arsenal and Liverpool.  Merritt and honor stands
Chelsea should get relegated, it's good for football remember they turned up when Arsenal were about to kick on following the invincible season and destroyed wenger,  I would absolutely love it if they do, national league please.
Football doesn't need Michael Owen in my opinion he always seems to make some ridiculous comments .All the Man City fan boys buckle up it's going to be a bumpy ride 😂😂😂😂
Point deductions are pathetic, they need to relegate
What confuses me is if you punish Chelsea now - none of the people responsible are still there, so you're only really punishing the fans.
If you want a completely level field, then all clubs can only spend what they get through gate money and shirt sponsorship. Another would be to impose wage levels. But all these bring there own problems. As for corruption, look no further then fifa and how many brown envelopes get exchanged. Football and corruption go hand in hand. And let’s be honest here…..how much did Qatar pay to get the World Cup!
A fine of a proportionate size and a points deduction, the money should go to the teams that were aggrieved and went down instead of the to the premier league's pocket or to grass roots football.
On the other hand if we continue with financial fair play we can’t compete with what the Saudis are willing to spend 🤷🏻‍♂️
Omg my boy plays for Trimley red devils who are top of the Macron premier divsion in Suffolk and he might be playing against Chelsea or Man City, wow!!!
Maybe Chelsea fans don’t deserve for Chelsea to get relegated, but fans of 18 other English clubs don’t deserve to have to support their own clubs against Chelsea and City, when they’ve cheated to get where they are.
Laws  should  be allowed to all  Clubs, without any FAVOUR.
The fans have been supporting an unfair sporting advantage. Their clubs have received prize money at the expense of the ethical clubs.  They’ve celebrated the cheating and enjoyed the benefit. Hope they enjoy the non league away trips.
If City do get relegated/found guility would their titles or trophies be considered as tainted for those specific season's?
Chelsea outed themselves, so they will be fine.   At most, the city would get a fine and 2 season transfer ban. If they relagate this teams . Transfers payments suffer a lot so the prem won't risk it
If the Premier league thinks they are the biggest league on the planet and it probably is,there's no way they are relegating city and Chelsea they will make some bullshit excuses up for them I'll be surprised if they get punished at all
From what i heard Chelsea new ow ership pretty much shared all the books from the last ownership to be open and honest. Itll be interesting
City has the same chance of getting Relegated as United has of winning the league.
should chelsea be punished or just the owners and the league for what they did and also approving the take over  edit: nvm it’s the other owner
if both are relegated look to Rangers they got relegated to League 2 but they bounced back winning each promotion and returned to the Scottish premiership
Apparently they can only look back only 3 years
Nobody in football will miss mercenaries. But u can't imagine a football world without utd, liverpool or arsenal that's the difference
I have sympathy with any fan if their club is nailed for FFP irregularities, because, as Mark said, its not their fault and the fans are what keep this game alive. But the clubs, I have very little sympathy at all as rules are rules and its up to the clubs to remain within those rules or suffer the consequences.
every club should protest if city and chelsea walk away with nothing. Just straight up demand the league to revoke their membership.
Amnesty??? Are you off your trolley? If a club has cheated at or to the expense of other clubs, no matter who they are they should be dealt with appropriately, end of.
Everyones jumping up and down waving their whiter than white flags,, citys titles were won on the field, everyone would jump at the chance if their club was owned by such a Rich owner,, fuck.n all Hypocritical nonsense.. The MOANCHESTER united fans are the main ones getting their panties in a fuck.n twist.. JEALOUSY COMES TO MIND...
For me, the biggest issue with man city is that a lot of the charges are non compliance with the PL whereas Everton have complied and have been hammered
Liverpool arnt doing it, arsenal arnt doing it l, we allll know who's been doing it.. Its a joke everyone knows. Man City where awful and so where Chelsea and the all of sudden there winning leagues?  I mean come on,
I am against a amnesty...rules are there to be followed even if it is my club...could even be a rejuvination for the Prem...
Chelsea ain’t in as much trouble as Man City tho. Man City hid there’s. Chelsea come forward with theres.
The fact that pep guardiola brother is partial owner of Girona with the city group sounds a lot like what Chelsea have been doing
So why were Everton made an example of when the six judas clubs wanted to go off to their "super" league after behind closed doors meetings. It was merely a relatively small fine ? Incidentally I was disappointed they didn't succeed and leave.
Tbf even tho Burnley are in the prem they only just got relegated instead of Everton 2 seasons ago so if the clubs last season are sueing so should they
City have been accused...that's it !....innocent until found guilty ...Mr Pannik city's Barrister will have the FA so far in his pocket the FA will be paying city out and apologising 🍾🍾🎉🎉
Wouldn't it be a better idea to have a financial punishment for the financial crime? What about if you overspend lets say by 20m,  you'd have to pay a fine of the same again but double, and allow it to be dispersed to all teams that you played within the season you breached it. And this would have to be paid by the end of the next FFP/PSR window.  So in Evertons case, they'd have to pay 40m over the next 3 years cycle across the 19 other teams that were in the Premier League in the year they breached it and anyone else they played in cups. Might only be 1m or even less to each club in this example but its decent money to some teams.   The fans dont get shafted as badly and other clubs benefit from the unfairness. Also if you only slightly go over you're less likely to try and hide it you'd just pay the fine.
Don't bet on it. Epl and givt wants to protect good relationship with citeh owners😂......cash 🐮 for PL😂 Everton deduction just a smoke screen to prove ffp means something....the case will be dragged in technical ground until it loses sight of ppl😂
They won’t relegate City they will feel it will damage the premier league. Probably point deduction.
I doubt most teams have done it tbh mark, most teams barley spend nothing compared to the big 6 and arsenal have only just started spending after years of spending pennies.
Imagine if all major clubs in the PL are forced to be relegated, Wow!
Forcing the owners out who done these crimes are more important
Relegate both Chelsea and City at the end of the season or scrap fair play rules. For every million you go over you get a points deducted. This will scare the hell out of greedy deal merchants Either you have it or you don’t.
Out of the 115 charges it is very absurd if it is found that all of them are dismissed and it is unfair for Everton alone to be punished
Amnesty? So city just crack on like nothing happened, I agree with a lot of what you say mark but that’s bollox.
To be fair, Chelsea self-reported the infringements. The new ownership are the ones who showed these irregularities to the governing bodies because they saw irregularities in the previous ownership. Don't think they would get too big of a punishment, outside of a big fine.
Cheating Olympic medalists are stripped of their medals which are then reallocated 🤔
There is a big storm coming , and it’s just not City and Chelsea only …
How can the Glazers sell 25% of their stake but still have 52% when they only have 69% to begin with?
Clickbate
The rules must apply to everyone. Otherwise, why are they needed? So far it is only clear that only lower-status clubs are punished, and not large ones
Doubt Liverpool are involved in any funny business. They are like 10th in net spend over the last decade and im sure they arent 10th in revenue.
2 different rules makes zero sense what you are saying
As a city fan will readily admit if we are found guilty of enough to warrant relegation and /or a points deduction, I will be asking for a refund on my season tickets and cup tickets purchased in the period we get penalised for. That said I do believe a large number of these charges will have been looked at already and dealt with. Or is it wishful thinking. As I’ve said and Goldbridge has reiterated we the fans pay our money and have no idea of the shenanigans that might go on.
Are Man utd getting investigated for running up huge debts?
FCK City
Amnesty?! Are you a MANC in disguise? 😂
Allow them both to stay in the prem but inflict transfer bans and no prize money for as many future seasons as they breached FFP in
Imagine Haaland in the third division 😂
Let the flood gate's open relegate um all !! Big clubs prove it and fight back to the top!!
Reading some comments, fans know this is all about $$$. City/Chelsea have it, and will be protected.
LOL Rival fans needs to pipe down about City and Chelsea. Nothing will happen.
Ngl I would love to see Chelsea back in the National League It would be great to see my team winning again 😂😂😂😂
At this point Mark just comes across that he wants City and Chelsea relegated solely because that improves the chances of United to win again lol
Take the titles of them. & give them to second place winners
Fans gotta realise you are just ££££ signs. Club dont care about you, all about the money.
Don't really care about City fans... They've had a ton to celebrate about under the corrupted regime. Can't have your cake and eat it.
In the worda of Roy Keane. If u think Man City or Chelsea are getting punished u re in coocoo land man
Every club cheats...
I can't believe you are FORCING me to agree with Michael Owen! Of course he is correct. FFP is UNWORKABLE and anti-competitive. The same people behind the Super League are behind FFP and they can all get lost and leave fantastic English Football alone!
Chelsea haven’t been charged with anything it’s all paper talk so far you can’t be lumping them in with city who have charges against them
Point deductions are not the answer, it punishes the fans and players who have done absolutely nothing wrong, its the people signing off on these deals that need to be punished.
Why are Man City LAST on the list to be investigated ?
None of it surprises me - one thing about the Glazers is they do things by the book
Why are Chelsea being involved? They not even been charged...it's all speculation
May be the give all the trophies to Man Utd, who knows
Michael Owen is honestly one of the dumbest people ever to open their mouth. I genuinely think that's also the only reason he's still in the pundit business. They keep him there so people can point and laugh at the TV clown every week.
Not feeling too good, I’m almost completely sure the Glazers have done something to breach the rules.
There will be no relegation. Stop it.
Owen was talking about potential Investments GOLDBRIDGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Looks like Fulham are winning the league next season 😅
When you own football like the Saudis do it shows that brown envelopes can make things go your way
City must fall!! Screw them
Mark Chelsea and mancity are not going to be deducted points or relegated trust me on that.
City deserve to go down because they got away with it but I don't think they will
These 2 get relegated the super League will happen
Didn’t hear Chelsea fans complaining when the Billionaire owners brought them multiple titles
In my mind the argument that Chelsea fans are victims of their previous owners is fairly laughable.  Chelsea fans have dined out on the blood money of Roman Abramovich for decades.  It was corruption then, it’s corruption now, and they didn’t care about the integrity of the game when they were financially doping to the detriment of all the teams that followed the rules.
Independent regulators need to come in, not just for the UK but globally. FIFA can't regulate anything as they're so corrupt too, never mind the Premier League. Financial rules need to be implemented not just for the Premier League but the whole of football. Each league should be forced into having wage caps, but the league has the option to set the wage cap within a range, as each country and league has different issues and ecosystems, financially speaking. There needs to be a way to make sure football is fair without going down the American sport route (where it's tightly controlled in many ways by the governing body, e.g. MLS owning the players and not the teams etc.)  Football needs to be cleaned up from top to bottom. Rules need sorting out a little bit. Reffering needs addressing, along with VAR. There needs to be consistency on so many levels within the game. But most importantly it needs to be fair competition, or at least as fair as possible.
They'll both avoid it and we all know it.
Probably should just be quiet when you have no clue what you are talking about mark.
Surely, if Rangers were sent to the lowest division, so should City and Chelsea
They'll take away last seasons Man United's league cup before City or Chelsea get relegated lmfao
For City it needs to be retrospective points. They won't care any other way. If they tie it up in the courts then, like players, suspend them from playing till they are cleared to play.
I actually have little sympathy for City fans cuz every other football fan can see city have been in the wrong except City fans themselves, they believe their owners when they say they haven’t done anything wrong but yet won’t comply with the PL or UEFA to show their innocent
If City is punished.. their EPL championship will be taken way and given to their runners up .. LFC x3  , Arsenal x1, and United x1 will add to their records  ... 😮
Everytime any club gets punished for something even from other leagues, Man Utd fan channels make videos on City getting relegated. 😄 Honestly its smells of desperation. Its getting pathetic at this point.😫 Cringe 🤮
City fans being nauseating because they are winning..... I hope united fans are more humble if they ever reach the top again because that's what you were for years
I really and truly want to see one of, if not both of them get relegated, with considerable fines, and all titles, from the years under scrutiny, confiscated. An example has got to be set somewhere at sometime soon, to show the English footballing world that: Skill, Hardwork and Commitment on the Pitch, is what makes football great... NOT money. Yes, I know the Fans will suffer a little, but a real fan does not desert his team, that he and probably his vorgoing family generations have supported for years. If something is not done now, then the Game that originated in this country, and is looked upon with so much admiration, the world over, will become a shambles and discrace to our country... Remember the problems and corruption in Italian football back in the early 2000s and how it damaged the image of their football, subsequently amounting to the loss of International interest and quality of their football? I'm not saying this out of spite towards any one club or group of fans, but because I love the game and don't want to witness it's ruine. Action against corruption and disrespect of Rules and Regulations in English football must be taken... NOW!
Obviously I have no idea with what’s happened with Chelsea but I feel like with the sanctions and the force sale surely that was sound punishment. Or are we retroactively punishing the fans and new owners ?
If Chelsea get found out, they'll get expelled from the league either just the premier or put into national league, city's is gonna take awhile but I'd expect the same result and an * next to the league titles for them and hopefully uefa take their champions league off them. (I know it won't happen but one can hope)
Come on, we ALL know City and Chelsea have cheated for a decade or more. Put them into nationals, and impose a strict economical regime under administration. No money in or out without full oversight, and no bloated sponsorship deals. They need to proven by independent committee that the numbers add up. Make them fight on equal terms.
If this gonna happen, assuming it will (I doubt), this will be like what happened in Serie 2004-2006 where Italian clubs where either relegated (Juventus) or deduction (Milan, Fiorentina, etc.). Big difference is one about the FFP, the other is referee match fixing.
All football fans except Chelsea and City know full well that both them clubs have been dodgy as fk and have definitely paid for their trophies. They should both be relegated and football would become better off for its implementation as that
Both clubs should be relegated. No sympathy for those fans who were so happy to celebrate their successes in the past. No faith in the system though, can't see any proper sanctions or punishments being implemented. Ps. Fans suffer anyway, that's the nature of the beast. As a Liverpool fan, I suffered greatly, recently, with the prospect of being bought by the Saudi regime. I could not continue being a Liverpool fan if this was the case. 40 years of my life to be packed up in a box and stored in the attic.
These headshot reactions really do give me a good laugh
Man city won’t get anything but a fine and that will be laughable
We all know the punishment will be a fine could be millions won’t matter a jot to them
All the clubs are doing underhand dealings
The fans of Chelsea and City have already had the highs and the celebrations of all the trophies their clubs might not have won otherwise. If they cheated why should their fans not suffer when the fans of other clubs have because of it. What of Stoke and Watford fans who were denied the one opportunity to celebrate, perhaps never to come again in their _entire lifetime_ to win major silverware (FA Cup 2011 and 2019 respectively) by a financially doped club? If they cheated, they need as harsh a punishment as possible.
I agree with most of your points, but not amnesty. No one deserves it. I understand clearing this mess out would be a massive undertaking and would probably hurt the league, but they've made their bed.
probably the most on point view on the whole situation i have heard so far, but dont let it go to your head mark, stay humble. much love.
How to make world lose interest in football: 1. Messi and Ronaldo retire 2. Game loses integrity 3. The little guy has no longer chance to win, so nobody supports them.
Nothing will happen to City they've bought the league along with the refs.
An amnesty is a massive 2 fingers up to every club that hasnt broken the rules. Especially to the level chelsea and city are supposed to have gone to. It makes a farce of any kind of 'fair play' rules if there are no repercussions.
Man City need to be taken to the cleaners. Relegations, transfer bans and open book fines.  They have ruined the competitiveness of the league
I honestly cannot think of anything funnier then seeing City and chelsea in the Championship 😂
People need to understand that Chelsea have not been charged like man city has
The fans are there for revenue only if they don’t realise it already
Chelsea and Man City will be 'promoted' to the Saudi Pro League!
Fraudchester 115 City will drag the FA thru each and every possible court. It will take years untill a final dicission is concluded. Chelsea is a differnt caddle of fish. The new owners reported themselfs and so far coop with the FA. And since these alligations are based on 3rd Party documents it might be hard to verify if they are real or not. I doubt Roman will contribute in any shape or form. So im kinda sure there will be a sattlement between the FA and Chelsea.
I find it incredible anyone would call for an amnesty. Cheating is cheating and can't be allowed. If the league turns into something akin to the Italian league then so be it. The integrity of the game is above everything else.
The big question raised by the Premier League's FFP rules and alleged breaches of said rules is just how the hell did Man City escape UEFA sanctions a couple of years back - they were found guilty by UEFA but that conviction was overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport - something very fishy going on there?
Relegation is a punishment delivered the innocent teams in the lower division.
Money corrupts
i know its harsh but money fines do nothing to prem club the only deterrent is a point deductions and you forgot leeds they had a few points deductions witch saw them play in league 1 for a number of seasons .
Absolutely outrageous situation
FA is the biggest hypocrite. They allow rich owner to come into the Pl to buy football club Then introduce the FFP so that it would be fair on all PL club.  Just reject all rich owner from buying Pl club. If you want rich PL clubs, as long the money is legal. Why restrict how much a club can spent.
No sympathy.
Chelsea might get into problem but city will get away with it. They have enormous influences inside FiFa and they loves money like a lot of money.
Interesting. I suspect it will all take ages
1.7 million likes in hour 🎉
Manchester Cheaty the best club 😅
I've got more chance of winning the lottery than city getting fined
being provided, City should go down to the last division. Taking points from them would be a gift
Worse case both clubs are guilty but I don't think the league will relegate both of them, they are both massive assets for the league so I think it'll be a fine or some transfer windows without spending
Chelsea and City should just get stripped of any trophies they won during the times of them breaking FFP.
I agree with you Mark. But isn´t it a symptom of England as a whole ? Those with money can break the rules and pull in a whole gang of dodgy lawyers and get away with it or just a slap on the wrist. Those who don´t have the money and play by the rules just get screwed over.
In Todd Boelly we trust the big man will find a loop hole or something to get us out of it
The worst chelsea should get is a 2 year ban on transfers but Man City y’all are screwed if this doesn’t go your way
Boss Chelsea fans are saying FA has no balls to relegate them & City. Who will watch Premier league.
You can’t have an amnesty if you’ve already punished Everton. The amnesty ship has sailed.
You just know city will get away with it because of corruption. They'll be found guilty on some minor issues, fined and maybe a couple points taken off them.
amnesty!! no way if they cheated get em done!!!
Chelsea and City have committed different crimes in relation to Everton so they'll be trialed different. Man city and Chelsea allegation will take years to prove and probably get away with a fine. You can't relate Chelsea and City, the premier league will lose billions worth of TV revenue
That's the British system isn't it? .......Pilfering around.
Chelsea will be used as the example of how voluntary disclosures will be handled, the will be given a sentence and then the PL will say "in the light of this being disclosed in good faith by new ownership, this penalty has been reduced to a points deduction" or something like that, City are in the mud tho cuz 100+ charges that where discovered and not voluntarily disclosed, PL will throw the book at them.
Common goldbridge every clubs did it as well.  Ur club did the same thing .
That's the British system isn't it? .......Pilfering around.
I’ve seen this stuff appearing on twitter for days! Oddly the Everton stuff didn’t
If you break the rules then you deserve to be punished end of. Fans of these clubs plz stop saying it’s unfair it’s not. Your clubs have been ran disgracefully.
Nahh, $$$ will always win. Everton is just a poor-man club. thats why they got caught
A weird question here... What happens to the Women's teams of Chelsea, Man city, Everton....?????
Send city down, 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Imagine the three relegated teams being Man City, Chelsea, and Sheffield United (I believe in Luton Town, Burnley, Bournemouth, & Everton under those circumstances)
Luton have seen it, poetic if it actually happens this season
FFP shouldnt be a thing. It reduces investment in football because no matter how much money you have you cant spend it. Other nations that dont have it will catch up with us eventually and surpass us. I bet most of our teams have broken the rules anyway. Even Man UTD.
Back handers happen at all levels and at every club
Ahh dont you just love it, maybe we'll get our classic Top 3 back: Liverpool, Man Utd, Arsenal
Chelsea won't be relegated..... Please stop spreading negative vibes and fears around....what kind of nonsense is this.... This is not journalism
Why not just quote the article where you read it and where a former city lawyer actually brought forward that city and chelsea might face relegation?
No way they could do an amnesty because any clubs that have done nothing wrong won’t accept it
Not sure exactly what Chelsea and man city have done but look how Rangers were dealt with ?????????? Money talks we all know that why is it taking so long to deal with city ??????????
There is has to be high level of government intervention and fair play rules and regulations to be implemented. There has to be cap on wages and spendings. This is already out of control and such inflated pricing only torture the system and eventual will lead to a like a bubble burst moment similar to the financial crisis in 2008.
You must only suffer if you're poor.
Rangers went bust and had to start again as a brand new entity... Completely different box of frogs m8
As a city fan i think the problem is that if man city and Chelsea get relegated why wouldnt they start the super league again and barca and real will follow
An Amnesty won't work, because a lot of the stuff coming out breaks actual laws not just within football, there is going to be a lot of clubs who have given false accounts to HMRC... If that's the case then all bets are off
That's just let city off, they have only become relevant because of cheating
They should be deducted 30 points every year for 5 years. That should teach them some lessons and the fans won't suffer much since 30 points deductions shouldn't sent them down to the championship. And obviously they should pay some money to the premier league as well.
Strip any titles and cups and relegate.
It all depends on the severity of the charges Chelsea & Man City charges may have nothing to do with profitability and sustainability, so if they have not spent more and broke the loss limit for 3 years accounts then nothing other than a fine will be the right result, Everton have broken the financial loss limit over 3 years and the Man Cirty/Chelsea cahrges go back too many years in my opinion. So if none of the charges broke any financial loss rules then they wont get a points deduction. And yes I do think FFP should be scrapped its destroying the game.
From an Everton fan this is injustice at the highest level nothing for the super league runaway clubs they should be sanctioned as well disgraceful you all should be punished you won’t want to visit Goodison this season the flags banners flares trust it’s gonna be toffees v the premier league
city getting relegated would be great.
Mark trying to be the man of the people Would he be  willing to let city off before he started making a living out of football
With so many breaches, all of them should be stripped of all the titles they won in that perion, next team should be awarded winners and they should be relegated to the lowest possible level of football. Simple as that
It happened to juventus. It can happen to them
I am sure this is not unique to Man City and Chelsea.
Could titles be stripped like Juventus?
If they've done what they've done to everton they've now set a president. I hope they hit them hard
These two clubs will walk probably a fine
City should be stripped of all trophies won as a direct consequence of cheating. I don't care if nobody else is awarded instead. We just can't tolerate City's bullshit
The idea that its Man city and CHelski is kinda funny .. prem need ot be varful they are are as corrupt as UEFA its like criminals making laws to protect there own interests - Rules of a leage are not rules of law ... fed up saying this if they kick them both out dont be suprise to see the super league back on our doorstep ... alsoexplain the glaziers hanging about
Perfect If Shity gets relegated. Then we can borrow their stadium when they rebuild OT 😏👍
The only sympathy I have is for the clubs that have abided by the rules and have had their success stolen by clubs that have cheated, especially for smaller clubs that have been relegated.... fans have to accept it
If we're gonna charge every club for every little dodgy thing they have done, we might aswell cancel the Premier League
Premier league won’t do that coz it hurt the league. Everton are scrubs they don’t care about Everton going down, no global fan base
the top 6 have always done things wrong and as for the top 6 wanting to leave the league all shud of been relegated not just a 3 million pound fine each
bin them out
I agree it's the fans that suffer Mark, but maybe the pressure us fans always put on our clubs (we never spend enough etc etc etc) maybe has indirectly put pressure on our chairmen to overspend to achieve success to keep the fans happy. It works both ways.
Citeh should be banned for life
they better be relegated.
Makes sense, I remember Tottenham was on the verge of signing William but Chelsea managed to hi jack the deal 😂
Man city fans and probably chelsea knew the clubs were not legit in posting financial records
Look at Juve and rangers if these teams get relegated even down to league Two or something if they are a good enough club they will come back.
Issue here is Everton were very transparent about what they had done Chelsea and Man City have tried to hide the wrong doings so the punishments should be so much more severe.
Chelsea and Man City won’t get relegated…
Everton is still not safe - 3 clubs have asked 300 million to be paid as they got relegated last season. If they win, Everton will go into administration and lose another 9 points.
Everyone but everyon get an amnesty....... Everton would sue the prem and ruin them. We threw our hands up and let the prem hold our hand for years, amnesty doesn't work.
City are screwed! With so many FFP charges they SHOULD be relegated. Due to the amount of charges, they should be relegated to League 2 and  banned from all competitions. Chelsea, the same, I don´t know the details for the Chelsea FFP charges but if they are similar to City, then relegate them.
Punishing the clubs is daft, they should punish CEO’s/Owners who are fined from their own pockets
If teams are found to have won trophies whilst cheating the runners-up should get the trophies.
Look at Juventus Turin in 2006,it’s possible!!But I think the FA/PL is more corrupt as a UK Politician
the German league always had a wage/tranfer cap...it worked /works very well.
Try to imagine scenes where Luton, Sheffield and Burnley survive and teams like City, Chelsea and Everton get relegated😶‍🌫
I repeat nothing would happen to both teams
They  should do, but they won't. both of those rich clubs will just pay off the premier league so they don't do anything..
titles taken away and relegated to the bottom for man city.
Everyone forgets us Luton Town fans have the largest given points deduction by the corrupt FA, giving us back to back relegations, absolutely outrageous, and for a similar thing to Everton, yet that’s never spoken about, this video proved that. Come on you Hatters
The fans were happy to celebrate the trophy's they won while cheating so they should unfortunately have to deal with the consequences too
The only way you really punish clubs is by taking the trophies away whilst they were cheating Ask city fans 15 years ago are they willing to get fined and go down a league but win 15 trophies  There's your answer
One relegation isn't nearly enough for City. Even if just a quarter of their charges actually stick, they still have done far, far worse than Everton and Chelsea can even imagine. They not only did they barely cooperate, they also tried covering it up and dragged out the process. If they're found guilty on a handful of charges, you already need to look at multiple relegations, multi-year transfer bans, multi-year exclusion from cup tournaments.
Fairplay to Mark for actually being objective for once towards this issue. Yes all clubs do dodgy deals but because city are winning currently that's why everyone wants them to be found guilty
Very interested to see what happens to Chelsea and City, agree though, fans will suffer and it's totally not their fault
Man City Chelsea &  check them punsh   punsh City relegation league 2
What about other fans who there teams has stood by the rules and have been cheated by the clubs who have broken the rules
I'm of the opinion that as long as the rules apply the same to ALL clubs, it's fair.
Both clubs deserve everything coming there way! Small clubs boosted by money and now will get relegated for this 🙌🙌🙌🙌
dont forget rangers being demoted to bottom league  ---i know scottie footie dnt really count but yeah big punishment
I don't sympathise with Man City,their fans are arrogant. Hope they get what they deserve
You would think that man city is getting a points deduction but they are more powerful than Everton so I can see them getting away with it by paying a small fine.
This has me thinking if this happened to united and we dropped to league 2, would the Glazers final go?😂
No way should any club get an ambassdy
Let's be honest the biggest mistake Everton made was an accounting error. Utd can have a billion in debt no hope or plans to ever pay it off, Stadium falling down and nothing...
Didn’t Alan Sugar make a documentary about a decade ago on his ideas to fix the premier league
was just going to mention serieA and how it went from richest league to nothing due to the scandals
I dont think relegating City or Chelsea is going to solve anything. But if u deserve it u should get punnished tho no matter how big ur club is. U cant defend clubs because of their innocent fans. If u deserve the punnishment then it doesnt matter if it is going to ruin people's lives
Man city won't just get relegation if found guilty, I will be heavier, 3-4th league at what has happened with Everton.
Mark... how would providing an amnesty for clubs to admit wrongdoing be fair on those already being/been punished?
ha ha good joke every year
Premier league dont need man city that’s for sure!!
They did it to Leeds didn’t they?
seria A is the second best league they have the 2nd best top 7 teams
When fans of other clubs pointed out the financial doping of chelsea and man city, their fans were shouting its just jealously because your club is just crap....so I really would not feel sorry for them if they get relegated...they deserve it.
How do they punish new management from the coals of old management? (Ownership)
There wouldn't be as many city fans if the 115 rules hadn't been broken. Also I've heard a few city fans say they enjoyed it more when they were in the lower the divisions so send them back there where they belong.
Nothing is happening , sanctions are only for less richer clubs
Chances are that your channel will be closed before that happens 😅😅😅😅
City already have the fanbase for a national league team. They´ll adapt just fine.
CFC relegated MUFC gets Poch.
So what about the fans of the teams in the lower leagues, Man city and Chelsea will go straight back up .That's not fair on the other teams in those leagues
Yep Michael Owen's statement is rather absurd and extremelly stupid he clearly forgot to turn on his mind for that one.
It should never be a points deduction because its the fans who are penalised. Its not their fault. If you get rid of financial fair play the epl will be a saudi  run league within 3 years.
It's the Premier League that's in trouble. It's a mismanagement sh*tshow. Where to begin? Allowing disgusting regimes to use the EPL as sports washing......not regulating budgets FROM THE BEGINNING......the whole VAR and refereeing farce.... and so on. Total contempt and disregard for the fans/customers especially regarding pricing and scheduling. Dropping points for Everton and relegating City and Chelsea will only make matters worse. Any chance of getting somebody in the Premier management team with an ounce of common sense ? Better to draw a line under everything and start again....
Chelsea have already had a transfer ban in the past 5 years so how would another be fair
City will get away with it. Its OBVIOUS!!!
Chelsea’s new owners have self reported everything to do with the previous owner. And I can’t imagine historical dealing from a previous ownership can be dealt with harshly, and if it can every club should be worried coz bungs were they way the big clubs operated..
Me as a Liverpool fan chilling inthe corner as FSG will never give us FFP problems😂
Chelsea appear to be in huge trouble, not only rules breaches but highly criminal fraudulent acts too.  I don't think City will be in as much trouble at all, plus doubt there is any evidence anyway (innocent until proven guilty).
In fairness Michael Owen is as thick as 5 day old mushroom soup.
Juventus went over that., it could be possible to send them down
Chelsea and Man City have always been yoyo clubs. This only stopped when they were financially doping the system. They need to be made an example to the rest of football. Send them to the national league with no budget and make them start from nothing just like Bury and Macclesfield
Ye feel bad for the fans and all but I also feel really bad for the players playing there currently! These allegations go back often years
The thing i don't get is every single person is mentioning Chelsea in the same bracket as City? City currently have 115 charges against them,Chelsea have 0 let's not forget that hey.
Chelsea is not being charged  Chelsea are under investigation
Man city and Chelsea contribute a large amount of money to pl and English football.
Chelsea and Man city not being in the pl would be a financial blow to the premier league association.
Mark I think we all need to understand that all these teams that you're talking about have different charges so the punishment can't be the same.
That’s why I don’t like football so much these days.  Money and Rich owners ruining our game.  And supporters / customers putting up with All the flak.
At most, they’ll probably just have a transfer ban for a year. We know know how they operate 🙄💔
Chelsea and City should be very worried, but only if the investigating body and football authorities are honest and consistent. If they aren't honest and consistent then Chelsea and City have no worries, because billionaires' money is ruling football.
I hope all the teams that have cheated get charged, united should be in this as they cheated a lot back in the Ferguson days
Points deduction and relegation is not enough.  Any trophies won within the period of cheating should be taken away and erased from the history record.
I wouldn’t worry if city or Chelsea fan two tier fa
I'd kick them out of every competition for 5 years. Start again in League 2. I'm serious
If nothing happens then you know how the world works and Purge the f*CK out of football
Are Everton getting relegated though? Everyone is suggesting the writing’s on the wall for them but there are 3 teams in the league this year that are atrocious. Luton, Sheffield and Burnley. Everton are better than those 3 teams so I don’t see them getting relegated. It will come down to the wire
Nothing will happen to City or Chelsea, they have too much money & power
Chelsea and City chose the billionaire oligarch and sheik route, that comes with it's own risks, everyones got a price in their heads, don't defend them, they deserve everything they get.
I blame Paul Dickov
It feels like Everton have been locked up for stealing a loaf of bread meanwhile over at City the bodies keep piling up in the backyard.
Has Man Utd done it?
Nothing will happen to city or Chelsea move on Nothing to see here
Michael owen though 😂😂.  What a comment.
Should be way more of a punishment than just relegation since they'll be straight back up next year anyway
Haaland for 40 mill and Mina Riola dieing from a heart attack smells a bit fisht
How about a sliding scale based on league position 1st place can only spend x amount very limited each position has an allocated spend with 20th having the biggest spend available .
If they did it would be very convenient to form a super league . As they can’t join while they are in the premier league .   Conspiracy theory !!!!
They can stay loyal or go support another team mark😂, Don’t see them complaining when they’re billionaire owners take over, Shouldn’t complain now,  Bigger pisstake for the teams that have abided by the laws and worked tirelessly every season to push themselves as far as possible, Just to get cheated out of titles & funding, They can sink with their clubs mark
Your point against Owen’s comment was poor. Using Newcastle, a team run into the ground financially and struggling season on season in relegation battles, as your example of a club no one could catch up to should financial fair play not exist? Newcastle is case in point as to how a club can be taken over and brought up to be competition to the big 6! If there wasn’t financial fair play, Newcastle would be competing with city for the league! Other clubs could also be taken over and be quickly able to compete as well. Otherwise what happens? You get locked into the traditional big 6. I can see how as a Man U fan you’d like that status quo though
Chelsea are different. A corrupt owner was forced to sell and the new owners have gone through the books, spotted a range of offences, and reported it. It is unfair to punish new Chelsea for the sins of old Chelsea. City is the same as Everton and should be sweating.
What do you expect from Michael Owen! That's why he get to question Howard Webb.
Chelsea hasn’t been charged yet. Get some facts
You don't get to be multi millionaires and billionaires without knowing how to bend financial rules or without people who know how to do it. I have no doubt that these clubs have cheated their way to success (not including Everton in that) and they need to be expelled. The amount of money involved in football is obscene. And that leads to corruption and cheating. And their titles stripped from them.
They'll just pay em and they won't go down anywhere🙄
My sympathy lies with the fans of the teams who haven't won competitions or have worse still been relegated as a result of other teams cheating I'm not sitting here thinking Chelsea fans are victims they have been celebrating champions league and domestic success for years at the expense of others - no its not their fault directly but regardless of what happens to their club they have had these moments. If Chelsea or Citeh have done what they are accused of they deserve punishment the punishment shouldn't be lessened just because loads of clubs have done it that's ridiculous. An amnesty would be the worst possible outcome for everyone who hasn't been cheating. Seems like victim blaming to just be like eh everyone does it so just admit it now and we'll drop it. QPR are still struggling as a result of being caught out with these rules and yet no one is bitching about it not even their own fans. The punishment should be just as severe for anyone caught out with it. Juve have proven that clubs like that are not impacted by a single relegation and small points deduction - they were back at the top within 2 years so what's the point...A small slap on the wrist does nothing and solves nothing. But regardless the prem most likely wont punish these clubs as they will be scared of a super league starting and competing for TV deals.
City and Chelsea won't get away these charges so cop on people they are stalling city I mean stalling untill pep is gone out of respect towards him but relegation is on the table ..
city and chelsea should be kicked out of the league all toghter
MONEY TALKS ... SO MAN CITY ARE FINE. 115 CHARGES AGAINST THEM WILL COST THEM A FEW BOB THOUGH 🤑🤑🤑
The Mikel Jon Obi deal has got brown envelopes written all over it as well!
But will the PL be as brave as the Scottish prem,when they relegated Glasgow Rangers to division 3? I very much doubt it.
Lol news people craving for a Chelsea downfall will never not be funny. Boelhy and co will definitely not self snitch knowing they'll get a relegation punishment
Financial limits have to be there because if you remove them it becomes even more ”pay to win” than it is now
Man City and Chelsea SHOULD be in massive trouble.   This is another reason for an independent adjudicator, to stop the fans being punished. Regardless of how unfortunate this would be for fans, it would send a message that you CANNOT do this again. An example MUST be made. Simple.
The levy has been breached. With state owned clubs, any breaches of fair play suddenly become international relations issues. The league has misunderstood its position in the world and has let in the very thing that will bring down the premiere league
None will get relegated
The only Premier League clubs that I believe has not done anything bad in terms of FFP are Man Utd, Liverpool and Arsenal.
All Chelsea fans will go back to supporting arsenal again and same with city fans supporting United again
If you won because of cheating you should face the consequences
No point in rules if they arent followed . Wolves fans chanted about corruption . They are right .
Only Leicester can sue Everton surely? Leeds would still gave got relegated last season. 😂
Abramovich and Mansour have polluted our game, compromised the integrity and screwed us all. Chelsea's titles forever tainted and as for Pep's treble, forget about it - great coach he clearly is but if it's based on cheating administrators it means sod-all in a footballing sense. We've been let down by pathetic regulators and PR hungry investors, do them all for everything and let's move on with some integrity.
I wonder if the corruption in the premiership was the reason the most corrupt wanted to bail out and form a super corrupt super league 😂
If Chelsea get punished then it can argue City will as well
Chelsea won’t mate don’t be happy😂
It’s bad for the fans, but anything short of sanctions that deter future misconduct renders the rules meaningless. I just can’t see how you can have enforcement without hurting the fans.
The fans are in trouble because the league shows itself to be hypocrites. Why aren't city and Chelsea being relegated? There is absolutely no consistency. Double standards are ruining the league and fan's enjoyment. They are cowards.
Everton are getting punished for what they've done.  what's this got to do with Chelsea or Man City?  when their cases come up then it'll be about their individual cases.
Everton admitted to their wrongdoings so expecting a quock punishment for Chelsea given they reported themselves.
city and Chelsea have to be deducted points like Everton. Every team treated the same.
Fans are happy when there clubs are doing it so they should accept it when punished
Just shows how big Leicester city winning the league was
I feel that the punishment for Everton has been given to them with the Premier League knowing that Everton will be able to avoid relegation. Doesn’t really feel like a punishment. As you say, the fans are the ones that suffer. I wouldn’t be surprised if Man City & Chelsea get away with a relatively soft punishment.  I bet there are a few chairmen with squeaky bums at the moment though.
Amnesty? Man city have bribed, bought and cheated their way to 5 titles and many cups. At the expense of a number of other clubs. They must be punished NOT excused
Of course ManU are squeeky clean 🤣🤣
I think Everton will stay up.
Im not trying to attack United but they have an awful net spend.. If Chelsea and Man city get punished, the PL will be looking out for more victims.. Like Man U…
Who cares what Chelsea and city fans think. If it wasn’t for their clubs cheating to get ahead, they wouldn’t have won all the trophies they did
Your comparison with what happened to Serie A is a decent shout. The amount of money and corruption flying around in the prem has to reach breaking point soon
They'll get a fine
City should be thrown out first 2 divisions for what they have done
Whatever you say Man City SHOULD be penalized HEAVILY.
They will get an apology from FA for disturbing their peace. The End
If they are guilty.  Send them to the lowest league.  Void all trophies won.
Relegation to these clubs would be pointless if the PL is serious about teaching them a lesson (they’re not) they take away the titles they won on the year of the guilty charge/s and those trophies become voided
Man City fan here, I don't think anything will come of our 115 charges; however I do believe the league/rules needs to change.    Suggestion I've always mentioned is (weird example) Touring Cars. After they win a race, for the next one their given a weight penalty, this is to try and prevent one driver running away with it.  If this could, some how be implemented into the premier league, it might give others the chance to compete or at lest stop 1 or 2 clubs running away with it.
Mark, I’ll happily meet you at any pub of your choice in Solihull and bet you £50 Man City and Chelsea aren’t getting any points deductions.
If it was a fair league city and Chelsea should be treated like Glasgow Rangers and get relegated 3 divisions. But it's not, and money talks so they will get a "slap on the wrist"
Money always wins :)
Blah blah blah. Nothing will happen to City or Chelsea. Everton was just a warning for City and Chelsea to start passing those brown envelopes (IYKYK)
Chelsea are alleged not sanctioned  Investigation are not sanctioned  I don’t know y people are bringing Chelsea into this
Imagine if we play man City and Chelsea next year. I do think MCI have probably done far worse than CHE but we shall see. Football needs to be fixed. At least in the Championship we don't have VAR corruption but my word the FA or whoever sorts this stuff out need to do a much better job.
How is it fair to Championship teams coming up against a Chelsea and Man City should they get relegated?
Silly little boy, here he goes again
They won’t get anything becuase a of their revenue and having the best lawyers
you Luddites are amusing... CFG is the best run sports organization on the planet. 13 clubs and counting. Progress waits for no man and the old clubs that dont adapt will be left behind. Furthermore Goldbridge should be on notice that his public slanderous statements based on hearsay and supposition can have serious legal repercussions for him.
Fans have enjoyed there teams been highly successful. So they should embrace the lows for cheating and the highs from cheating
Michael Owen kinda has a point when he said to remove it to let the lesser clubs catch up.  If City & Chelsea do not receive serious fines or relegation then they all clubs except them should be allowed to spend what they have and/or they financially compensate the other clubs who then have to. Invest in their squads.  In short because of the huge financial imbalance of the City & Chelsea vs the rest of the smaller clubs, the smaller clubs should be allowed to spend more as compensation of sorts (if City & Chelsea aren't relegated, which we all know money talks something like tht will probably happen rather than relegation
Money talks. End of story. And no, I do NOT agree with it. But that is the way it is.
People assume lawyers are magicians - there is a point when the client is just guilty and there’s nothing more they can do. We’re seeing it in the US - Trump will be convicted; he might escape jail because he’s old and senile, but he’ll get convicted.
I’m sorry, ‘the fans will suffer’ is such a stupid argument - the fans of teams robbed of trophies by City and Chelsea have suffered. The fans of teams relegated who shouldn’t have been have suffered
REEEEEEEE-LEGATION **clap clap** **clap-clap-clap-clap** REEEEEEEE-LEGATION **clap clap** **clap-clap-clap-clap**
Why are you so concerned about City and Chelsea fans,  they're only plastic like their clubs!! And only two people really follow these clubs, one of them you the other isnt me😂😂😂
Those wanting the European super League must be licking their lips at the thought of the premiership falling apart over these scandals
Relegation isnt fair on the other Championship teams. They should ban City and Chelsea from being able to play in europe for the next 5 seasons, that would hurt them.
These teams winning champs leagues and pl champs through a form of cheating
Everton suffered because they dont have the money. Chelsea and city will bribe their way out.
Amnesty would be the single worst decision. The moment that happens, all sporting integrity is gone, and the sport might as well be fixed
The thing is that Chelsea themselves reported the irregularities in the books and have cooperated fully with the premier league, whereas man city have tried to cover it up and have dragged the process out.
State owned clubs cheating - the British government will stop man city being punished to avoid an international scandal and damaged political relationships and money loss in the oil trade
Chelsea done what rangers done but to a bigger scale .relagation to confrence
You say that Everton have been deducted points for around 20mil overspend, it's still cheating. Whatever happens to City or Chelsea, it'll come out in the wash. They didn't survive relegation like Everton did!! Everton should be relegated never mind a points deduction.
I think the prem should take a look at how the F1 budget to help their own FFP. This can allow the lower earning teams to inject more money in than the higher earners in the league thus leveling the playing field slightly
how the hell has man city not been even fined or anything for 115 charges but Everton have been charged for a lot less than what city have been accused of and also we only came to know of the investigation into Everton within the last week or two? As well as the referees being on their side, guiding them to a fourth title in a row though they don't need the help since they're the best team in the league, they are now ignoring the rulebook in city's favour but only caring about it when its a team other than city like Chelsea or Everton.
It looks like players in the amateur leagues in the North will have two great grounds in Bramley Moore Dock and the Etihad and I suppose Stamford Bridge will be great site for posh housing.
Fair enough 'fans' of city and Chelsea will suffer. How about fans of Liverpool and utd and arsenal who suffered when their clubs lost titles to city and Chelsea?
Manchester cities name should be erased from history
This is how we get the Super League.  If they relegated these teams they will simply leave the league and we will get a European Superleague 😢
I wouldn’t be surprised if Chelsea and City get away with it. After all, the Premier League is the elite and to loose two of the best teams wouldn’t be beneficial. We’ll see
Spend what you earn... No funds from owners or anything... Also all sponsorship deal should be proportional
Totally agree Mark. Has to be punishment and needs to be sorted out quickly but it’s the Man City and Chelsea fans I feel bad for
Liverpool is safe i think
City are not in trouble unless they lose the trophy's. Surely they have to be taken and given to the 2nd place clubs.... Or what's the point.
If a team cheated to win and got into Europe how much money did the team that didn't qualify for champs league lose
Premier League is mostly about money and I think Chelsea and Man City won't get relegated because they bring too much money to the league to just get kicked out.
This type of thing has always been going on in sports and always will...I would be very careful with what people say about Man city and Chelsea because your club might have some skeletons in its closest too.
If they get found guilty does that mean both clubs lose all trophies associated with them during the times that they broke the rules?
Look i absolutely feel for all supporters of any club caught up with anything like this but as you said if there are not these rules in place then there would only be half a dozen clubs able to compete in the premier league and lets not forget that Rangers were relegrated to the bottom league in Scotland
They’ll just go and join the super league
Amnesty.  What a preposterous suggestion.
The punishment if proven should be as severe as what Rangers suffered many years ago by being put into the third division.
Titles won by teams cheating should have the those years voided and no title awarded for that year.
Nothing will happen to Chelsea or City, it's far to much of a ball ache for the authorities to do anything about it.  Everton were a easy target as they havent won anything for decades, whereas Chelsea and City have so what would the authorities do?  They would have clubs like Liverpool, Arsenal, Utd etc asking for titles to be stripped and given to them, Cup finals stripped from them, teams relegated by them would want compensation etc etc.  Far too much of a ball ache for the F.A.
Not going to happen to city or Chelsea
It would be poetic justice if City was relegated and didn't win the Championship league.
City will always be city 🤦🏾‍♂️
So Chelsea can spend illegally to acquire the best players... Win lots of trophies... But relegation should be out of the question because it hurts the fans? Fans should only be allowed to enjoy the ilgotten successes and never experience any of the hardship?
Maybe this is how the politicians will get their Super World League by regulations and rules causing pain and penalties and forcing change?
City should be demoted to the National League and be made to start again, they won't though
I suggest that the ritchest/biggest clubs should get the least amount of ( for example) tv money and the lokes of Luton/Burnley would get most. And there in no point in sending clubs like City/Chelsea á fine.
At least we know for a fact The Glazers haven't been paying anyone off. They wouldn't find 20p for Utd
The big difference between what Everton were charged with and what Chelsea and City are alleged to have done.  Everton is mis managed funds which weren't hidden they were clearly just being poorly managed.   Both Chelsea and City are facing far worse allegations of falsifying income, bribery to gain advantages over other clubs with acquisition of players and managers. These are far more cynical charges on a massive scale.   I hate that in the end the fans are the ones who suffer however the powers to be have to take a very hard stance on things like this. What would be the point in relegation for both these club's, both would absolutely breaze back up the following season and that would not be fair on the teams currently trying to get into the EPL that season. A fine absolutely pointless for obvious reasons, I think because of severity of the charges a 3-5 years transfer ban would be better.
United might qualify for the champions league next season after all.
Yes the fans suffer after the clubs are caught but look how they have benefitted before that.
Just copy the German league , the fans own 51 % of the clubs
City are still owned by a rich corrupt oligarch, Chelsea arent anymore. We self reported all our issues so why should we be punished for it?
Prince andrew walked away  ..city and chelsea wiĺl be fine
this is utter insanity. So Chelsea are going to face a sporting punishment, for off field rules breaches, that were done years ago, by owners who are no longer even at those clubs. The people who actually breached the rules are not facing any consequences. So how is this even a deterrent? Imagine if Man City got a points deductions, but would have won the league based on their results. The team who "wins" the league will have a big asterisk next to their win.  I don't agree that investing money in a football team is "corruption". It is the rules that are stupid. Stop making stupid rules, and you solve the "corruption".  Everton supposedly breached sustainability rules, but are they actually in real financial trouble? But deducting them points and possibly relagating them according to rules that are supposedly for their own good. I mean if they get relegated, they might actually be in financial trouble, to then I suppose the crackpot rules justify themselves one way or another.
Chelsea & Man City’s legal team will stretch this out as looooong as humanly possible… making a mockery of football and the FA.🤡⚽️🤡⚽️🤡⚽️
I agree with Owen get rid current FFP but replace it with the NHL system. Football is too inflated of its own ego to look at how smaller sports deal with problems.
Man city players faking an injury so they can be fit when they play againts liverpool. Theyre scared 😂😅
Chelsea fans enjoyed being the most successful club of the first quarter of the 21st century. 3 teams get relegated every year. To experience relegation isn't uniquely horrific just because those fans happen to support Chelsea. Suck it up and accept it. Sporting punishments are the only deterrent.
Take all winning medals and trophies away
If they start relegating teams could  be a back door way of pushing a European super league
They punished everton strongly  so they can do what they want with city and Chelsea. Which is kick them out to league two. I feel sorry for the fans but every fan knows they have cheated break the rules face the punishment
chelsea dont have a FFP breach as of yet
Your right about other clubs looking over their shoulders and your team has to be top of the list for investigation!
leeds and Burnley have to sue the PL because What Everton were doing they knew
Man City will get a slap on the wrist that's all,  you see
Man City have so much money - they simply employ the best lawyers and they will get away with anything
City were convicted by UEFA and got off on Statute of Limitations clause in UEFAs rules this clause is not in place in the EPL so City will be likely convicted.
The truth is, it's always regular people who suffer when wealth and powerful people misbehave
is this a way of getting the Super League in................. Relegate Everton, Man city, Chelsea.....even Manchester United and Arsenal might not be safe..... they all withdraw from the League and form a Super League..... also note these teams Everton (a New Stadium) Chelsea have plans for a new stadium and have bought land adjacent to stamford bridge
Manchester City need to be realgated from the preimer league
You wish 😂😂😂😂
Even if City get relegated to League Two, we all know they’d still win a Premier League before Manchester United.
50+1 😊
This is how "Serie A" lost its status as worlds best league, relegating Chelsea and Man City will be the downfall of the Premier league, they should be smart and not ruin their league, and this is coming from Man Utd fan
For me nothing beats what City have done in terms of financial cheating. It all started so obvious with the bloated sponsor deals and always sold out crowd, but where was the crowd? Certainly not at the stadium. All to expand the sheets and grow. Fake it till you make it, but karma has to be served... Should also be stripped for all titles related to this ERA.
No Amnesty, they've all signed up to the rules. Why reward cheating?
FA, FIFA etc. don't wanna act on Chelsea or City I'd imagine because it would bring such a bad light onto football that it could damage viewership long term. Can't confirm this of course.
I think it would be unfair if Chelsea and Manchester City did get relegated and would be probably quite stupid taking the 2 main competitors from the last decade and relegating them. I think you can say it would be deserved, but I don’t see the prem doing that
Seriously Man city and Chelsea should be relegated for extremly shady business practises, flaunting FFP, and basically breaking the laws. They should be stripped off their titles in the last decade as well!
Rangers did OK
No sympathy for Everton fans they were happy when their club spent the money...the victims are the fans of the clubs who were adversely affected by the clubs who cheated. This is what spoils football. Newcastle have the money but to all intents and purposes are behaving responsibly
They should relegate city and chelsea to league 1
Mark do you think sometimes the fans are to blame in some way because they want players bought no matter the cost on price or wages. Football is being destroyed by greedy owners
Most Chelsea fans are glory hunters. Joined supporting when they became rich around 2003. Boo hoo them.
nothing will happen with MAN CITY they will Brown  envelope it
You mean we get Football back? The version before Abramovich changed it all
Uefa couldn't handle man city  they will get away with a slap on the wrist
gateshead fuming when city go into their league
Ive got zero sympathy for cheisea or city fans ..theyve enjoyed the success those cheating clubs have paid for now they can enjoy the comeuppance, just so those fans know ..the championship and lower can refuse them ..anc rightfully so as they will be taking spots by clubs who would have risen through promotion..so by rights city especially should be kicked out of the football league ..its happened with rangers and their wrongdoing was a lot less then citys alleged rulebreaking
think of the fans of the other teams. because if these Chelsea and Man City fans got to celebrate wins their team achieved by cheating, then they have to deal with consequences now. 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
Premier League owned by the arabs along with the refs
I'm looking forward to Chelsea and Man City playing my local football team Bromley Fc in the national league over spending bribery its all cheating and should be punished that goes for my team Arsenal or any other club
You can’t say Everton fans will suffer because of the points deduction when they gained last season by not getting relegated because they could spend more on players.
European superleague here we come.
Also Everton were talking with the PL about staying under and gave themselves a salary cap and had to go to the PL to ask if they can do a transfer
also its fine to have point deduction at this point in the season but imagine it was like last 10-5 games title race with City and Chelsea creeping up and its like ahh point deduction also like you said relegated clubs or someone who has this happen to be relegated will dig up dirt on other teams and sue premier league
Plot twist glazers  playing 4d chess out here 😵
Pratbridge..Everton and palace are currently competing with Man U 😂😂
Chelsea fans won’t have to worry. They’ll just go back to supporting their Dads club 😂😂. Glory hunters and the original oil club 🤣🤣. What’s it gonna be… Fulham, Crystal Palace, West Ham, Tottenham, Arsenal… joke of a club
City and Chelsea will never be relegated. Money dictates the game. They will use how strict they were on Everton  to somehow justify they take their jobs seriously.  It depends on the precedent that has been set when clubs have been found guilty of similar offences in the past.   Both clubs should have the book thrown at them though. Sports washing at its finest
I disagree that Chelsea and man city fans are victims of their clubs bad decisions.  I’m a victim of Arsenal not breaching FFP and losing to teams like man city and Chelsea cheating to win.  The rest of the league are victims to these cheaters.
These are just allegations from pervious owners what is current ownership fault?  Just fine will be ok for Chelsea 😂
I agree with everything you said mark, as a Chelsea fan I’m terrified of the outcome even if it takes years to be decided
Would love to see Young Kippa's reaction to Chelsea being relegated. But I think Man city and Chelsea should be put down to non league because if they are in the championship they'll be back in one season. Also if City are guilty i think they should take all the trophies they have stolen and give it to 2nd place.
Crazy idea: No team can spend over 250mil in one season if you're in the top 4, 300 mil for top for 5-8. No need for expensive and long awaited investigations that lead to nothing.
Michael Owen has been bought and paid for so many times the price label printer thingy has run out of labels.
If city point deduction LFC in forst❤❤❤❤❤
Evertons was not sports related this was stated in the report it was £19 which was interest on the payment on the Stadium, if Everton had took a massive loan out they wouldn't have had a problem. The sports related part is in the document
Man city are still at it no way do they top the money coming in unless the owners are putting money in
Never getting relegated and I would be extremely surprised if any deductions are handed to either Man City or Chelsea this season if ever at all. Evertons sanctions are a result of sustainability from poorly managed finances. City and Chelsea’s offences are financial foul play (e.g methods of player signing) so they will most likely be given big fines and transfer bans
There is something i do not understand.  WHAT ARE THE PENALTIES FOR BREAKING THE FFP?  points deductions or fines?
Realistically they have to be fairly punished so this doesn’t keep happening
Man City going to Sunday league
Everything City win is tainted. Just like Juventus. Karma will come soon enough.... Or they will pay their way out of it.
If Chelski gets relegated, they will lose half of their fanbase because they are just glory hunters! Same for City.
Get ya money on Liverpool or Arsenal for the title surely ya can’t lose
Chelsea and Man city should get kicked out of the league if they are proven guilty
Epl much worse than seri a
i hope, if this is true, we just get a transfer ban🙏🏽😭
I’ll believe it when i see it 👀
Mate, have a day off, you defo deserve it!
its impossible the premier league would lose way too much revenue and viewers the league is just gonna become boring.
🎵Loadsa money, oily money, transfer money🎵🎵Loadsa Rouble, oily Rouble, transfer Rouble🎵 🎵Loadsa Dirham, oily Dirham, transfer Dirham🎵...
Why is no one talking about Man City players withdrawing from International games?  I am sure they are gonna be fit before their match against Liverpool.
FFP rule breaking should be an instant relegation, transfer embargo for 2 years , and the relegation to whatever division should depend on the severity of the infraction.  So Everton would be championship next season, and the other 2 should be in league 2. But prem league have zero backbone and money talks. So the loss of a few points will keep them in the prem.
Would be great for lower league football. Let's make it happen!
Question: if teams break FINANCIAL fair play rules, why do their points get deducted?  Surely a more suitable punishment like playing behind closed doors should be in line with financial rules.
If chelsea get a transfer ban and relegation and city gets away im done
What is Chelsea get relegated? Oh boy that would be absolutely amazing calmer 😂😂😂😂
capitalism, commercialism and corperationalism.. thats what happened to football.. thats why i switched to lower league football, its so much better
As a Chelsea fan, I’d love to see us and Man City raping the championship for a season. Break some records
You support your club no matter what. End of.    I agree that FFP has to dtsy but I do think its a good idea to review FFP as there is a restrictive element that hits smaller clubs vs larger clubs.
No chance of relegation but a 25 point deduction would suffice, for both teams.
nothing will happen to chelsea belive me
Do what they do in American Football put a salary cap in the Premier League so everyone can play on same playing field.
One relegation is not enough, they need points deduction and a transfer ban for 3 years
Half the Chelsea fan base will go back to supporting arsenal and the plastics of city will become part of the toon army so no big deal  relegate the cheats
Chelsea players will want out and they would need to be paid off massively as they are all on 8 year contracts
Listen . Man city and Chelsea will be accused of the charges and they will come and come and come . But they will be clean in the end . I think it's just funny if you think they will be relegated
Arsenal need to be punished and points deducted otherwise its not fair on Everton.
and what a surprise yesterday it came out that nothing is happening to chelsea at all
It's there own fault (PL Fans) for celebrating that there Club's get bought by Suggar Daddy's
It will make me feel good
if city don't get any punishment it is unfair on everton who are talked about afterwards
man city should be relegated to non league or like national legue 5 , relegation to championship is nothing, not enough
we all know that’s not gonna happen lol
1 minute
Just made my Sunday if shitty go where they belong shed team with money
They are not getting anything, we know how this works...
Wenger in!
city should have been deducted lots of points ages ago
Man City have to get points deducted or it's not fair on Everton
Imagine would be hilarious
Lovely work yesterday mark,these past year have been negative for multiple things for me but you raised a smile on my face yesterday
Championship will be lit next season  The promotion from Chelsea and City will be biblical.
Interesting 😮
City have money Everton is broke ........
Should force them to sell players as well
-14 for Chelsea
There just not though
Marry me mark 😚
finally
Goatbridge
First
coyb
Notification
Wooow
First
First
