What happened villa finished 4th place in the league I'll say again what happened to all bias londoners out there Birmingham and villa do exist ! END
I wonder if McGinn's aggressive skinhead hairstyle had any impact on the ref's decision ? 🥸😶🙃
Semen Tsunami in north London i see.
Mcginn should have at least snapped the spurs players leg if he was gonna get himself sent off. Yellow card at best.
Let’s call a spade of spade, Aston Villa, and not up for it. Not certain of the reason why that is. But ultimately, there is enough season left to play that I believe Villa can still come out with a champions league spot.  The idea that there are vans, and Spurs fans that, with every loss or dropped point, lose their minds as though top four has now vanished, is ridiculous to me.   I do believe it’s going to come down to the last three games of the season. I don’t think anyone’s gonna run away with it prior to that. The last three games of the season will be the deciding factor. And I think, whichever team comes out on top for the fourth place spot, will do so, by no more than a point.
mcginn was very nasty could have really hurt udogie and he has hurt villa out now for 3 games should be more
its not a red
Manchester United are in a top 6 race with Newcastle and Brighton. Behave yourselves.
that tiger went tiger emery throwing
McGinn has always been a little count
Sonny top class no world class , he is our true 9, with him in centre the winger do better as he sacrifice his position, drop deep, changing position while recharlison never leave his position apart from defending corners.
McGinn tried to bully young miley,  he has a nasty streak in him.
Never a red card
DVB
Refs will now rightly keep an eye on McGinn closely
The fact that Madison is even a question for England is wild😅
관상은 과학
Completely threw his team under the bus. It wasn't even a fiery match, it came out of nowhere.
Was it a red really?
Villa have choked since Newcastle cooked them 😅
We at Aston villa need more like super John McGinn!!! 10 more!!!
Games gone completely soft
Disgusting and cynical behaviour from McGinn. That's not football. Let down his teammates and fans. Deserved the red, 100 percent.
It’s not a disgusting tackle 🤣🤣
McGinn has a face even a mother can’t love.
Ange never looks into the camera in interview
Can literally hear him breathing 🤢
Aston villa has some dirty prats of players.
Villa, you do not deserve to be in the top four after a display like that, you’ll get whooped by the top 3.
Love McGinn at spurs class act just lost the plot
Was McGinn in that film Deliverence?????
Timmo u legend
Yellow card . Ref seen the spurs bench go mad & the ref let that get to him .
4:40 they made a mistake, we won 5-2 against burnley so Villa wasn’t our highest scoring match under Ange.
that chair aint going to last
We all knew Villa would fall away because they are little. I didn't expect to see the spuds smash them on their own patch though.
Any time the same horror story with Villa. Matty Cash, McGinn low life people who behave like hooligans on the pitch. Horrible people. And I can't go away from theidea that this is what manager wants. Because even if the game is lost, the valuable player from the enemy will be out for months at least.
Villa are the masters of kicking opponents throughout games to stop momentum and throw in the occasional over the top. They are the most under penalised team in the league. Master tactics to be proud of.
Very harsh red card for mc ginn it was no different to matty cash earlier in the season both challenges were aggressive but not 2 footed or studds up etc.
McGinn, the man of the people.
Cash tried to do udogie a few mins after mcginns tackle too. Dirty Mardy bastards
So; you fail at being a club manager and next you try being a BBC talk sport and attack other managers? Talk-sport is a haven for losers trying to relaunch their career.
Tell Mr sound quality I can hear his chair creaking.
Let them down? It was disgraceful, if it had been Romero there would be an outcry to ban him for 10 games. After Cash put Bentancour out of the game for 2 months, with not even a yellow card, one questions the reasons why teams set out to give Tottenham a hard time.
Im pretty sure we wont see Gabby this week.
Hope he gets lengthy suspension
Villa players play dirty.
I suspect that Emory excoriated his midfield at half time and McGinn felt he needed to take someone out to make Unai happy.  Thankfully  Udogie, who looks a pretty rugged guy, appears to have shaken it off.  A few years ago Spurs were in a similar 5th place and about 5 points behind Arsenal in 4th when they played each other and Holding spent much of the game mugging Son -- he went too far and was red carded and Spurs won that game and Arsenal, apparently dejected, went and lost the next game giving 4th to Spurs.  This felt similar and I think in both cases the action was as directed by the manager.
McGinn is looking at Ange in the thumbnail like he is expecting to be belted.
Someone needs to tell McGinn the difference between football and Rugby.
They weren't going to win anyway.
Over reaction to a late tackle, was it a red yes but I've seen worse, a Brighton player today went fully in the air two feet and got a yellow after VAR  Inconsistencies in the 'best' league in the world is a an absolute joke.
Mcginn's a (typical) tim. 🤮
Kulu was my unsung hero in this match.. he is just a work horse that stays on the whole match!!! i was hoping that son would have gave the goal to kulu instead of brennan but kulu will always be here and young brennan needs the confidence now...same goes for werner! no worries Kulu... we all know what u do for the team...Kulus specialty is that when he gets the ball, no one can take it away from him...
McGinns foul was so bad it was comical. Not for the player he fouled obviously. Crazy stuff
Haaaassss anyone seen gabby, has aaanyyyooonnee seen emerrrry has anyone seen watkins
Great performance by Spurs . Great to see Johnson and Werner scoring . Here’s hoping to many more  goal contributions for Sours COYS❤😊
Horrible tackle but no worse than Matty Cash's tackle at TH Stadium, which he effectively got away with despite seriously injuring Betancur.
Cash did it twice. Doherty and Bentancur.
They do those over-the-knee tackles for force all the time. Cash twice and now McGinn. ALL of them straight reds.
Mcginn is a left over of the soccer brits played 25-30 years ago. Crash bones and long balls to run after after. Thanks to the italian, spanish, portuguese, french, dutch and african players and managers influence the EPL of today is full of good technical and tactical british players who do not need to resort to bone crashing "technique". This Mcginn is a disgrace for the EPL. He deserves to be criminaly sued. Soccer is a sport not a Falkland war.  Vulgar simpleton untalented and tactically ignorant always confuse the two. Mcginn deserves to be banned by A Villa from any game, without pay, for at least 3 months in addition of the ban he gets for the red card.
Did this to spurs for years. Serves him right.
McGinn lost his head, but Matty cash didn't TRY to take out bentancur back in the fall, calm down with that already jesus christ. Spurs got this massive chip on their shoulder over an unfortunate tackle from a 10m right back of a team with half the revenue they get, I mean good lord. Coming from a squad that has Romero who is an expert at smacking people in the legs and causing injury it's pretty rich. Villa has been on the receiving end of quite a few bad tackles over the years too, some that have ended careers without any justice or it even being a red on the field, stop acting like any of the lads deserve injury or childish retribution for unintentional injuries on fair tackles.
How is that Mcginns FIRST red  ever!?
Coys
Shock to all those HATERS ,and PUNTERS ,🤟
McGitt
McGinn and Cash are championship players that's why they have to resort to kicking and trying to injure players.
Tottenham are just a better side we battered villa at home with 5 of our best players out..
This wasn’t even tough play. It just dirty disgusting play done by a team captain.🤬 wow well done captain.
McGinn has form for this type of challenge, he put Archie Gray in hospital and out for months for a wild challenge on him in a pre season friendly ffs.
The two former midlanders (Madders and Johnson) for spurs were up for shooting down their former rivals Villa....and it showed!
Agree with Alan's England team, just not sure who plays at the back!
Goal by Son was a calculated finish. Love the sound of the finish.
Dirty Villa...only fitting their captain leads by example
Whoa he snapped and lost it.
Maddison in the hole😂😂😂 Pardew's off his rocker, take arguably the best player in the world, def the best midfielder in the world and change his position to fit Madders in...guess that's Pardew's not a manager anymore
Such fun football
Only lost 6 games, is a great effort with all the injuries we have had and Son etc away at Mickey Mouse tournaments. After bit of data, Spurs have scored 39 goals in PL games in a row.
0-2 down before the red .. were outplayed today ..
Love majestic
Villa were always losing the game even with 11 men. Villa are fourth on merit and when the manager sets up with 5 at the back at home to not lose the game, why are they showing Spurs that much respect? Any team that has aspirations of finishing in the Champions League should be taking the game to teams. That defeat is on Emery.
It wasn't a painful tackle cos udgouie saw it coming and rode it. He then got up immediately, then went down.
I like Pardews England front line.
Not a red. And im a spurs fan.
Super John McGinn!
How does Pardew get taken seriously ?   Failed over and over again
This gives a whole new meaning to 'put in your place'
He went for the Italian Udogie because Italy beat Scotland in the Rugby lol
McGinn did a young Leeds player in pre-season with a needless, naughty tackle. He's got it in him.
Werner redemption arc activated ❤
i saw that kick by mcginn at ufc 299 today
villa playing safe, at home!
Disagree! I think Emery just got his system and tactics wrong today, even with 11 men we looked miles off it.  The McGinn sending off just rubbed salt in to the wound.
Meltdown over one bad tackle - it’s football no?
No he didn't, the whole team let us down. We were shot, there's not one player could say they put a shift in. We can all accept defeat but not in this manner, oh and well done Spurs, head and shoulders above villa....
Mcginn looks like a smiley potato face
It was a blue card at best.
