BEST ARTIST IN THE UK ❤ TY  WE NEED U!
2025
you revealed who you are.
Fuck, I can't believe i used to like this fucking clown. Talking about woke while the fascists are in power. Complaining about vaccines when that was one of the only two good things Trump did during his first admin. Tom ain't even edgy, he is just a clout chaser for profit.
This was the first time watching this video. And I was so confused at the end. I would like someone to explain the whole video to me.
2:02
Heard speed playing this in car on stream in South Dakota of all places 😆 s/o speed
what happens when you eat too much at a party and what you think is gonna happen:
沒有人會想到台灣人的媒體識讀 會被一個MV封面碾壓
thats love#
2:34 Thumb Nail Cover
Slowthai , I miss your art
Why is T so good at making heartbreak songs?
Literally the best song I’ve ever heard
Can’t believe it’s been 4 years since this song dropped, I never stopped listening ❤
1:58
patiently waiting for your comeback tyron
This song will cross 1 billion in 2026🤑
arms too short for my pockets n all that bollocks
I miss you ST
still here
its not poo so i guess its pee
Crazy how this is nostalgic now
tantas cosas pasando en el video que me quedo con james blake cantando en el ultrasonido
Dead completely not even 😂
She says she feels trapped stuck up in this fucking maze !😕
verse  We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways  And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games  She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze  How you been? I been better than yesterday  And it was just a day, you know I don't complain  Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate  That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate  What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe?  verse  Arms too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks  Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again  Said you want a cottage with the fireplace  Sittin' by the fire with marshmallows and a chocolate fig  You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah  And still you got the cheek to even try and call me liar  Want a bun up in the oven, tryna trap me in barbed wire  Put a baby in your stomach if that's what you desire  pre-chorus  Desire, desire  (Feel away) desire, desire, desire  (Feel away) desire, desire, desire  (Feel away) desire, desire, desire  chorus  Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away)  But truthfully, it hurt for what you could've been (feel away)  It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away)  It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away)  Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away)  But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (feel away)  It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away)  bridge  This time I (this time)  This time I (I feel away, this time)  This time I (this time I'm thinkin')  This time I (I feel away)  This time I have one hand free (feel away, feel away)  This has nothing to do with me (feel away, feel away)  (Nothing, nothing)  verse  I'll leave the dent in my car  To remind me what I could have lost  And you revealed who you are  So this doesn't feel like love (feel like)  Heart for sale (heart for), heart for sale (heart for)  This time I'll, this time we'll  Built to scale (built), not built to fail  This time I'll, this time we'll  Hold the champagne  chorus  Suddenly not half the man I used to be  But truthfully, it hurt for what you could've been  It's not you, so I guess it's me  It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away)  Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away)  But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've bee (feel away)  It's not you, so I guess it's me  outro  Dream lover, come and rescue me  See me up, see me down  Take me anywhere, I come to you with love
This gives me nostalgia of when the world was a better place
2024
ǝɟᴉl ʎɯ pǝƃuɐɥɔ ɟɟolO ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Oloff changed my life
Oloff's music helps me to process my feelings about 9/11!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I met Oloff at a supermarket once and asked him ''How did you write Doing It Stealthy?'' he didn't answer, he was too busy paying for his asparagus.
this song will always be so good the first time i watched this i was high as fuck and literally felt SO SICK
that little dreamlover sample at the end is what certified this as absolutely fucking amazing
🐢🥺
My fav UK artist
poetry
real or cake?
The clip, the audio, the feeling, all is art in this video
To all the people who this song doesn't mean much to I hope it never does
Always rated this guy
Is it cake
the first trans rapper
1:21 chad...?
did somone drop acid in my tea lol
No that’s bollocks
I like 👍 ❤
deez
We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmallows and a chocolate fig You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call me liar Want a bun up in the oven Tryna trap me in barbed wire, put a baby in your stomach If that's what you desire  Desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire  Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away)  This time I (this time) This time I (I feel away, this time) This time I (this time I'm thinkin') This time I (I feel away) This time I have one hand free (feel away) This has nothing to do with me (feel away) (nothing, nothing)  I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could've lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like love (feel like) Heart for sale Heart for sale This time I'll This time we'll Be too scared Not be able to feel This time I'll (this time) This time we'll (this time) Hope this shouldn't end  Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me It's not you, so I guess it's me Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me  Dream lover, come and rescue me See me up, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love
the gift that keeps on giving
some more baby song comming lol
I FCKN LOVE SLOWTHAI HES HELPING ME OVERCOME MY DEMONS..THANKU YOUR A FCKN LEGEND.🎉
👎🏼
hmmm..im a frippy ming tapa!..i float at nite!.ya i do daddio!...🤡
Pregnant with feelings, the way/reason some people have babies does remind me of a wedding cake.
Trippy, great song, weird symbolism, I'm blown away
Oloff is the greatest rapper of all time, apart from the guys in Blazin Squad
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to Doing It Stealthy tattooed across her breasts.
I listen to Oloff when Im experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just cant stop.
ǝɟᴉl ʎɯ pǝƃuɐɥɔ ɟɟolO
ʇᴉ ʇnoqɐ ƃuos ɐ ǝʞɐɯ puɐ make love to a turtle oʇ ɟɟolO ʇuɐʍ I
I met Oloff at a supermarket once and asked him How did you write Doing It Stealthy? he didnt answer, he was too busy paying for his asparagus.
Before I started listening to Oloff I was depressed, homeless and had erectile dysfunction. Im still homeless and depressed but my boners are crazy now.
Oloff is one of those rappers that makes you think wow, A Goofy Movie sure is a masterpiece.
Rumour has it one time Oloff was sat next to Jar Jar Binks on a flight. Jar Jar kept kicking the chair in front of him and generally being obnoxious, nobody knew what to do. Eventually one of the flight attendants came over and asked Oloff if he would per
Oloff helps me to process my feelings about 9/11.
˙ǝʌᴉlɐ ɹǝddɐɹ ʇsǝq ǝɥʇ sᴉ ɟɟolO
What is that😅🖐🖐
dw bruv eye see you isis horus all of em
9.False prophets use divination to deceive others into thinking that they are speaking for God
he number 9 also represents the fruits of God's Holy Spirit, which are Faithfulness, Gentleness, Goodness, Joy, Kindness, Long suffering, Love, Peace and Self-control
jesus died at the ninth hour
The number NINE means completeness, success and accomplishments.  DEVINE COMPLETENESS.
Any rap song that feats James blake you know it's gunna be pure soundscapes
Do you use the AOE I guard Tower as sample? XD
Always knew he was a weirdo all along
For me this is Tyron's best song. Played at the Cavern club few months back and i've never left a gig so warm and sad. Thank you so much
I hate to be the hipster who went thru college (2010 - 2014) istening to Mt Kimble and James Blake, then kinda lost track, and come back to see them TOGETHER on a song like this... Pure eargasm❤
Damn bruv this songs making me feel things I thought I had already felt and moved on from. Blake’s vocals and lyrics are hauntingly good. Wow.
Oloff is the biggest sensation since Hitler. Except this time it's in a good way.
I listen to Bad Stuff by Oloff when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
Oloff's music helps me to process my feelings about 9/11.
The first time I heard Beating the Heart by Oloff my heart stopped beating. Thank God the doctors were able to revive me.
I listen to Bad Stuff by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
Rumour has it that one time Oloff was sat next to Jar Jar Binks on a flight. Jar Jar kept kicking the chair in front of him and generally being obnoxious, nobody knew what to do. Eventually one of the flight attendants came over and asked Oloff if he would perform one of his songs to calm Jar Jar down, and when Oloff began rapping the first verse to Bad Stuff, Jar Jar immediately relaxed. To this day the two are still close friends.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
When this song dropped is when I realized slowthai was going to be someone who defied expectations at every turn, as an artist and as a person. He'll be someone who will be talked about for the rest of time
this song hits different in 2 p.m. and you would repeat over and over
Just amazing lycris
this is his one of his best tune
This need more views. This deserves all the views. Beautiful song
Mello tunes & disturbing senses, eating the baby at the end topped it off.
I probably listen to this song way too much but it makes me feel away
this song is fucking beautiful
this song makes me cry everytime bro
The only thing that would make this song better is if Joji did a verse. Beautiful song.
this music video is so fried
Poo song.
This song defined my final two years at uni, whether it was 4 am at a dusty afters or 2 pm with a disgusting hangover we would bump this shit it in our kitchen through a speaker my mate made. People would sit in silence either way and just fuckin take it in. Now this hits even harder with a full time job probably for the rest of my life just thinking back to times where we had the time to appreciate this music
Fun fact: this song interpolates Dreamlover by Mariah Carey
Heebie Jeebies
Brilliant absolutely brilliant
Slowthai the greatest thing to come out the uk scene this song means so much to me
damn that video, lyrics, beat goes so hard, goosebumps sky high
Love the subtleties of this vid like when James Blake's verse comes on and he say this has nothing to do with me it's they baby in the scan saying like how none of the parents drama is to do with them
this video is so cool
UNDERAPPRECIATED
There are times in life where you just want everything to end. There are other times when you just want to listen to Doing It Stealthy at max volume and call your boss the R-word
Oloff is the biggest sensation since Hitler. Except this time it's in a good way.
Oloff's music helps me to process my feelings about 9/11.
ǝɟᴉl ʎɯ pǝƃuɐɥɔ ɟɟolO ¯_(ツ)_/¯ Oloff changed my life
I can't think of a single man I would rather have kids with than Oloff. That man has a brain the size of a bowling ball.
Rumour has it that one time Oloff was sat next to Jar Jar Binks on a flight. Jar Jar kept kicking the chair in front of him and generally being obnoxious, nobody knew what to do. Eventually one of the flight attendants came over and asked Oloff if he would perform one of his songs to calm Jar Jar down, and when Oloff began rapping the first verse to Doing It Stealthy, Jar Jar immediately relaxed. To this day the two are still close friends.
The first time I heard Beating the Heart by Oloff my heart stopped beating. Thank God the doctors were able to revive me.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
She should never got married another guy if you are pregnant 🥴
I'll never forget the first time I heard Doing It Stealthy by Oloff. I thought &quot;wow, this is great, but it's nowhere near as great as some of his other great hits like I Don't Breathe, Beating the Heart, or his Send for Phil Vickery.&quot;
ǝɟᴉl ʎɯ pǝƃuɐɥɔ ɟɟolO ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Oloff changed my life
Oloff is the biggest sensation since Hitler. Except this time it's in a good way.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
Doing It Stealthy helps me to process my feelings about 9/11.
THESE FEVER DREAMS ARE GETTING OUT OF HAND LMFAO
Owwn😖💗
I can't think of a single man I would rather have kids with than Oloff. That man has a brain the size of a bowling ball.
ǝɟᴉl ʎɯ pǝƃuɐɥɔ ɟɟolO ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Oloff changed my life
Rumour has it that one time Oloff was sat next to Jar Jar Binks on a flight. Jar Jar kept kicking the chair in front of him and generally being obnoxious, nobody knew what to do. Eventually one of the flight attendants came over and asked Oloff if he would perform one of his songs to calm Jar Jar down, and when Oloff began rapping the first verse to Doing It Stealthy, Jar Jar immediately relaxed. To this day the two are still close friends.
ʇᴉ ʇnoqɐ ƃuos ɐ ǝʞɐɯ puɐ rape a turtle oʇ ɟɟolO ʇuɐʍ I
Oloff is the biggest sensation since Hitler. Except this time it's in a good way.
The first time I heard Beating the Heart by Oloff my heart stopped beating. Thank God the doctors were able to revive me!
slowthai proved himself 2 be breedable n submissve
Who  would propose in a hospital!?! Legit the antithesis to romantic
Love u Thai.x u no the way of the world bra.see u soon x love
Oh how I love this song! It's so beautiful and dreamy… I listened to it on repeat while touring through Thailand (found it randomly on a playlist there).
Good song. Didn't have to put my anxiety dreams in his video though
Peak lockdown song
Forgot how fire this music video is
Oloff is the greatest living artist
Rumour has it one time Oloff was sat next to Jar Jar Binks on a flight. Jar Jar kept kicking the chair in front of him and generally being obnoxious, nobody knew what to do. Eventually one of the flight attendants came over and asked Oloff if he would perform one of his songs to calm Jar Jar down, and when Oloff began rapping the first verse to Doing It Stealthy, Jar Jar immediately relaxed. To this day the two are still close friends.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
ǝɟᴉl ʎɯ pǝƃuɐɥɔ ɟɟolO ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Oloff changed my life
Doing It Stealthy helps me to process my feelings about 9/11.
ʇᴉ ʇnoqɐ ƃuos ɐ ǝʞɐɯ puɐ rape a turtle oʇ ɟɟolO ʇuɐʍ I
I’ll never get bored of this song
Só vim por causa do bolo.
How is Nobody mentioning James Blake perfect singing in the second half and especially the end of this Song!? I get goosebumps and almost tear up at the same time on the last "this time i"..
I love the Mariah sample
Kepqsaaaaaaa
Rest easy blake
it’s giving easy life
This song is freeing me from a burdening breakup ♥️
I met Oloff at a supermarket once and asked him ''How did you write Doing It Stealthy?'' he didn't answer, he was too busy paying for his asparagus.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
Rumour has it one time Oloff was sat next to Jar Jar Binks on a flight. Jar Jar kept kicking the chair in front of him and generally being obnoxious, nobody knew what to do. Eventually one of the flight attendants came over and asked Oloff if he would perform one of his songs to calm Jar Jar down, and when Oloff began rapping the first verse to Doing It Stealthy, Jar Jar immediately relaxed. To this day the two are still close friends.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
Doing It Stealthy helps me to process my feelings about 9/11.
I met Oloff at a supermarket once and asked him ''How did you write Doing It Stealthy?'' he didn't answer, he was too busy paying for his asparagus.
ʇᴉ ʇnoqɐ ƃuos ɐ ǝʞɐɯ puɐ rape a turtle oʇ ɟɟolO ʇuɐʍ I
the final piece is a bit communist
Rumour has it one time Oloff was sat next to Jar Jar Binks on a flight. Jar Jar kept kicking the chair in front of him and generally being obnoxious, nobody knew what to do. Eventually one of the flight attendants came over and asked Oloff if he would perform one of his songs to calm Jar Jar down, and when Oloff began rapping the first verse to Doing It Stealthy, Jar Jar immediately relaxed. To this day the two are still close friends.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to 'Doing It Stealthy' tattooed across her breasts.
I met Oloff at a supermarket once and asked him ''How did you write Doing It Stealthy?'' he didn't answer, he was too busy paying for his asparagus.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
Oloff is the greatest rapper of all time, apart from the guys in Blazin' Squad
Before I started listening to Oloff I was depressed, homeless and had erectile dysfunction. I'm still homeless and depressed but my boners are crazy now.
Oloff is the greatest rapper of all time, apart from the guys in Blazin' Squad.
pero wn
Uh so this is where from
AMEZING
I loved the music so much. Till I saw the video. Weird video. not for me
We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmallows and a chocolate fig You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call me liar Want a bun up in the oven tryna trap me in barbed wire,  put a baby in your stomach if that's what you desire.
weon que chucha ajjajaa me encantó
Videos can make a song 100 times better. This video gets disturbing, but brilliant.
Slow Thai got the Old English Mariah Carey “desire.” What an okay ol dirty bloke chap
Not to be political, but this can represent how a man has as much an emotional connection with the baby as the mother giving birth. Maybe "her body her choice" is a little selfish?
Slowthai is an incredible musician who I will always love and respect
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
The lyrics are wrong. It's a chocolate flake, not fig.
Dunno why I just discovered this now but it’s amazing!
Probably the most average song ever, tbh. Don't like it, don't dislike it. If it played on the radio I'd let it play but wouldn't pay it any mind. Only came because I saw the cake thing and people recommended it to me
I need an in depth analysis explaining everything because I’m confused
Fuck this hurts different now
Welcome to Coachella! Love it.
You should go on is it cake
tf i just seen?
sheeesh the video
wonder why this hit so hard, and of course Mount Kimbie had a hand in this just like the gem with King Krule that is Blue Train Lines
Someone could  tell me wich sneakers is he wearing?
Who tf made this video?
BRO oh my gawd amazing concept
damnnnn
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
I'm a 300lb biker from Texas, I've never cried at a song before but Doing It Stealthy turned me into a blubbering mess.
مجمج
Mi canción favorita
closed off his last concert with this song, absolutely fucking incredible man
Extraordinary poetry
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to 'Doing It Stealthy' tattooed across her breasts.
Doing It Stealthy makes me happy in a way that no woman ever could... btw I'm single and so alone, please message me.
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to 'Doing It Stealthy' tattooed across her breasts.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
Doing It Stealthy makes me happy in a way that no woman ever could... btw I'm single and so alone, please message me.
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
Doing It Stealthy makes me happy in a way that no woman ever could... btw I'm single and so alone, please message me.
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to 'Doing It Stealthy' tattooed across her breasts.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
Doing It Stealthy makes me happy in a way that no woman ever could... btw I'm single and so alone, please message me.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to 'Doing It Stealthy' tattooed across her breasts.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
Doing It Stealthy makes me happy in a way that no woman ever could... btw I'm single and so alone, please message me.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to 'Doing It Stealthy' tattooed across her breasts.
Doing It Stealthy makes me happy in a way that no woman ever could... btw I'm single and so alone, please message me.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
Doing It Stealthy makes me happy in a way that no woman ever could... btw I'm single and so alone, please message me.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to 'Doing It Stealthy' tattooed across her breasts.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
My mom is such a huge Oloff fan that she got the lyrics to 'Doing It Stealthy' tattooed across her breasts.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
I listen to Doing It Stealthy on the train, and if the train doesn't go fast enough I slap the driver on the back of the head
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff whenever I need therapy. Yeah, I could pay $300 an hour for some college clown to tell me what to feel, or I could just smash great big fucking coconuts on my head and listen to my favourite song over and over again.
Everything in my life changed when I started listening to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff.
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs that makes you ask.... why did God create us? What happens after we die?
Just discovered him thanks to shygirl  Good beat Wink at Dreamlover by MC Gonna listen again
КРУГИ НА ПОЛЯХ!!!
this video is just awsome! :D
The fx and camera moves are smooth
кто с кругов на полях?)
Круги на полях
По рекомендации Саши Ваша, КРУГИ НА ПОЛЯХ🤟🏻
On, repeat. So damn great !
<3
This song is peng
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
I lost my mom 4 years ago and listening to Oloff's 'Doing It Stealthy' really helped me process my emotions
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs you listen to at a party, or when a parent dies, or during dinner, or just whenever really.
One time I crashed my car into a tree because I was listening to Doing It Stealthy too loudly
Sometimes when I'm in the bath I put on Doing It Stealthy by Oloff
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff every time I'm about to have a wank
Imagine a world where Doing It Stealthy by Oloff didn't exist
Doing It Stealthy by Oloff is probably what the hijackers were listening to when they did 9/11
Doing It Stealthy by Oloff is my favourite song to play during Leisure Suit Larry speedruns
I'm a manchild and I like to play with toy cars, but not as much as I enjoy listening to Doing It Stealthy
I lost my mom 4 years ago and listening to Oloff's 'Doing It Stealthy' really helped me process my emotions
Doing It Stealthy is one of those songs you listen to at a party, or when a parent dies, or during dinner, or just whenever really.
One time I crashed my car into a tree because I was listening to Doing It Stealthy too loudly
Sometimes when I'm in the bath I put on Doing It Stealthy by Oloff
I listen to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff every time I'm about to have a wank
Imagine a world where Doing It Stealthy by Oloff didn't exist
The Matrix was based on the song Doing It Stealthy by Oloff
Doing It Stealthy by Oloff is my favourite song to play during Leisure Suit Larry speedruns
Doing It Stealthy by Oloff is probably what the hijackers were listening to when they did 9/11
What are the jogger he’s got on
nah james blake singing as a fetus tho looool
yeah this song is unconclusive on it's own
Doing It Stealthy by Oloff was the first song that ever made me cry
I listen to Doing It Stealthy whilst making love the the local vicar.
Doing It Stealthy by Oloff is going to be the theme tune for the new Matrix movie
I want to get a tattoo of the lyrics to Doing It Stealthy by Oloff
I listen to Doing It Stealthy right before I have to slap somebody.
I listen to Doing It Stealthy whilst spraying whole aerosol cans down my throat.
I'm a 250lb navy seal and Doing It Stealthy makes me cry every time I hear it
Leave it to James Blake to ruin the vibe in this one.
James Blake 🔥
this is the trippiest shit ive seen in a while
so good
That baby part is just sick and twisted. Disgusting
i fucking love this track
Lol
Aquí después del Corona Capital
Держу телефон,  будто это я рождаюсь.
Can anyone explain the music video? Because I’m confused whats the story in it
I remixed this song with Mac Miller, Faith No More, & Kendrick Lamar: https://youtu.be/N52J3ZVKLBw
bruh is this Death Stranding?
💗💗💗💗💗💗
Is ist ..., but truthfully not half the bitch you could have been  or  ..., but truthfully it hurts for what you could have been ???
A friend of mine showed me a slowthai and have been in love with his music ever since & I hope my friend is doing okay these days..
He knocked her up quick.
1:21 Did anyone else notice how fast this man just unbuttoned his shirt?
1:15 That whistle get me every time. So fire
James is a perfect voice like my god I want to have it
[Verse 1: slowthai] We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? Arms too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmallows and a chocolate flake You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call me liar Want a bun up in the oven, tryna trap me in barbed wire Put a baby in your stomach if that's what you desire  [Pre-Chorus: slowthai] Desire, desire, desire (Feel away) Desire, desire, desire, desire (Feel away) Desire, desire, desire, desire (Feel away) Desire, desire, desire  [Chorus: slowthai] Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Man, feel away)  [Bridge: James Blake & slowthai] This time I'll (This time) This time I'll (I feel away, this time) This time I'll (This time I'm thinkin') This time I'll (I feel away) This time I'll have one hand free (Feel away, one hand) This has nothing to do with me (Nothing, nothing)  [Verse 2: James Blake] I'll leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could have lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like a loss (Feel like) Heart for sale (Heart for), heart for sale (Heart for) This time I'll, this time we'll Built to scale (Built), not built to fail This time I'll (This time), this time we'll (This time) Hold the champagne  [Chorus: slowthai & James Blake] Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Hold the champagne) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (Not my style) It's not you, so I guess it's me (This time we'll) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Whilst it's in vain, feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Whilst it's a waste, feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (This time I'll, feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me  [Outro] Dream lover, come and rescue me See me up, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love
top ten songs of all time, this deserve global recognition
So I'm going through Slowthai's music and i find out he sampled Dreamlover by Mariah? Yeah this is a good sign 🙏
The subtle Middle finger in 2:58 is Class!
this video is pretty accurate
When I see slowthai become a cake I was hungry
god, this song is beautiful. especially that line from james at 1:57: "i leave the dent in my car, to remind me what i could've lost"
😔😩😭😒
it’s not you so I guess it me
find yourself someone who look at you like Slowthai at 1:10
Don’t remember this episode of peep show
Mint
This absolutely went off at reading 2021
MASTERPİECE
I'm feeling this
the beats mad
Dis guys performing at reading festival ayyy
This video is amazing, props to Oscar.
Slowthai into mpreg confirmed 👀
this is just a dxm trip
Brilliant song
just experienced this song live. it was amazing.
When I saw a little of this on Spotify I laughed Soo hard I had to check it out💀
this is a satire version of stop trying to be god
this is the greatest song and video ever
hol'on jxt askin' exactly who shoot the child in whom
Slowthai - Feel Away (with James Blake & Mount Kimbie)  TYRON  We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmellows and a chocolate flake You felt low, I took you highеr than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to evеn try and call me liar Want a bun up in the oven Tryna trap me in barbed wire put a baby in your stomach If that's what you desire  Desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire  Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away)   This time I (This time) This time I (I feel away, this time) This time I (This time I'm thinkin') This time I (I feel away) This time I have one hand free (Feel away) This has nothing to do with me (Nothing, nothing)  I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could have lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like love (Feel like) I feel safe, I feel safe This time I, this time we'll be too scared Or bein' to fear This time I, this time will, hope this shouldn't end  Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me It's not you, so I guess it's me Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me  Dream, come and rescue me See me there, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love
This is too deep man. I could write essay after essay on this tune. Awesome shit.
This song sucks. They do anything for clout. Nothing to see here but shock value. Cardi B should make a song like this… smh at woke culture
Damn! Never could have imagined this video after just listening to this song.
My friend: bro I had a dream where I was in a movie with The Rock! My dreams:
thank you for making me feel the past again slowthai, thank you. lost a best buddy of mine a couple of years ago to cancer, and i never really gave myself the chance to feel it. but this song man, this is just bringing it all up. fuck man, thank you.
m pregg
NICE!!!! Try pooping without a toilet next it's really fun!. ?_?
That ending needs a misophonia trigger warning
Collabs with IDLES AND James Blake? Holy shiiit
MOST UNDERRATED SONG AND VIDEO EVER OMG WTFFFFF
Где то недавно уже видел клип где чувака так же съели 🤔
Wasn't a fan when I first heard it. But honestly, fucking love it now. It's grown on me so much. This whole album is brilliant.
pas hela
It's not you, so I guess it's me 💔
Is this sample from the Aphex Twin song?
MWTM
Honestly this is one of the most clever music videos I've ever watched.
Like Jesus
😂😂😂
everything is cake it even touched slowthai and i didn't noticed
Damn slowthai is a cake O_o
Listened to this song so many times that I've now noticed that they looped the "desire" part at the start of the track 2 more times for this video
Am I the only one who noticed inspector walker… Iykyk
It’s 1 am and I just found out thai had a baby and so I returned to this video and now I’m crying
this shit is so underrated
Makes sense now
the clip was shot 9 months ago, and recently his girlfriend gave birth, this is the sweetest thing I've seen ! Tyrone, with the purest respect and love from Russia!
This is exactly how my dreams progress
this is extremely deep, addressed the issue of what has happened to many women in general, the cake is the best representation of how strong it is that other people simply eat you through gossip.  "we are only material use"
Heard this dude on NPR Here in the US. Brilliant!!
Banger 🔥
I LOVE THIS VIDEO! it makes me so happy....
congratulations slowthai !!!
Что за пасхалки к беременности Кищук
Why is this so fuckin sad lol
came here because of the cake
anjeng lu bikin lagu napa enak terus dah
That was absolutely disgusting and just wrong on so many levels. Fuck outta here with this garbage. Lol Damn my friend for having a screenshot of the cake on his profile, and I just had to get curious. My bad. Never again. Lmao
We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmallows and a chocolate fig You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call me liar Want a bun up in the oven Tryna trap me in barbed wire, put a baby in your stomach If that's what you desire Desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) This time I (this time) This time I (I feel away, this time) This time I (this time I'm thinkin') This time I (I feel away) This time I have one hand free (feel away) This has nothing to do with me (feel away) (nothing, nothing) I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could've lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like love (feel like) Heart for sale Heart for sale This time I'll This time we'll Be too scared Not be able to feel This time I'll (this time) This time we'll (this time) Hope this shouldn't end Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me It's not you, so I guess it's me Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain't half the bitch you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me Dream lover, come and rescue me See me up, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love
I guess it all just sounds exactly the fucking same now.  WOOOOOO
The fact that this song only has 2 mill views is mad.
rip micheal
I can’t put into words how good this song is.
this is fucking fantastic!
Literally discovered this through a glitch in a streaming service. Best fucking glitch of all time
This song makes me wanna cry and run around shouting at the same time. Damn
I've never seen a video quite like this, great song too👍🏾👏🏾👏🏾
Kings! Cheers from Portugal :)
Who else came here from the Facebook post?
This video makes this song so much more...
big upps on getting mount kimbie and blake in one
Grande teledisco. Muito fixe
Feel like this is a perception of gender roles reversed. Men thinking giving birth is a piece of cake and most relationships ending with men leaving the mother of his child and she is left watching him go be happier ever after...but I’m no art connoisseur! 😂
That t-shirt of Aphex Twin 🥵👌
I first heard this song on a friday through Spotify, and I remember I stopped what I was doing to hear this. I had goosebumps, I cried a bit at the end when the "Suddenly not half the man I used to be" because it reminded me of my past regrets and things I could have done, but didn't. And ever since the day this song came out, it has always been running on my repeat over and over, and everytime it comes I have the same goosebumps and I keep thinking how strong of an impact slowthai music has on me. I didn't knew his work before 2020, but you can be sure that I'll be a fan for life of music that moves my soul like this.
😂😂😂
James blakes vocals are the best part of this song
Im still impressed he got Mount Kimbie AND James Blake on a collab
this the most awkward shit i've ever seen ngl
Wow what was that
beat is soo pure
Just found this and I can’t stop listening to it
Garbage
The beat is beautiful af.
Great track. Get a strong Tyler the Creator style goofyness when I watch this.
“How you been I been better than yesterday” felt this heavy💯
I’m only here for the cake part the music sounds awful I had to watch it muted that’s how bad it was and switching baby’s from her body to his is impossible I know it’s a music video and they ate the baby to this it some  demonic satanic shit I see what there doing
nice cake
Can someone explain the music
1:59 like-
1:57 WHY ARE U GETTING MARRIED NOW-
Came here after i saw the FB post of BakeKing 😃
I came from facebook
This song wouldn't be anywhere near as special or impactful without James Blake. That man is such a beautiful genius.
Man how is this song already half a year old...
Who came here because of trending 😂
Try watching this on an acid trip.......bruhhh
Just masterpiece.
WTAF
Why do all pregnant women wear tight pants
the baby was probably James Cake
This is the feeling you get when you have a depressive attack when you’re around people/in public.
Showed my homie this song, dude was screeching about how good it is
When I heard song in radio I didnt expect this video ahahaahaahhhaaaa
This is one of the hardest songs after broccoli
James blake singing actually brang a tear to my eye.
Este vídeo es hermoso
Хорошего дня всем
Imagine if Chance the Rapper was on this track...
James Blake is the worst part of the song
Slowthais music videos r like dreams
The piano is familiar and it’s driving me crazy. Anyone know?
My friends: I had a dream where I kissed my crush!  My dreams:
him mentioning mariah then closing the song with dreamlover lyrics, he's such a genius
slowthai is the best uk lyricist in the world
THIS VIDEO IS THE GIFT THAT KEEPS ON GIVING!  whoever came up with this concept is brilliant.  i love when slowthai proposes, its so hilarious yet so sweet and when the doctor unbuttons his shirt its so funny and of course slowthai is hilarious in the whole thing.  having the wedding and reception in the hospital room is just so brilliant ... and then making his arm cake and then the baby cake - so so good, just amazing!
I don't think it's possible to dislike any music that involves slowthai.
So this is like that Tame Impala video but just super  c r a c k e d  o u t
This song is underrated and needs to be put into the stars ⭐⭐⭐⭐
Me watching this : 👁👄👁
Goosebumps!!!!
Such a good concept. Such a good song. Wow Tyron
I just realized these words are from Beatles, Yesterday: Suddenly (I'm) not  half the man i used to be
Omg what ...  I liked it tho
Cake pics, on Facebook brought me here.  Actually a very good Little video and song.
The video is lit tho...
It's so shit nowadays
Can someone explain the video/song for me? Thanks
I came here cause of cake thingy from facebook.
Vi no Facebook um homem em forma de bolo,ai descobri que tinha um clipe !Mais alguém?
This song is about the doubts we have whether it be within friendships, your partner or with our family. It’s about putting yourself in the other person’s shoes so you have a better understanding of the situation.
are we gonnA talk about the cock shaped thing in the belly scan or not?
trash
Wale tumeletwa apa na post ya Kenyan meals wapi likes😂
Alguém veio pelo Facebook também kkkk
still can't get over how good this track is
Comments on A meme i shared brought me to damn near one of the best songs and artists i have heard in YEARS.
When men get pregnant
Aniversário de canibal é assim
what in tarnation lad nice
Ameiii
Bizarro dms
Doentio esse clipe q louco assustador...
A CURIOSIDADE ME MATOU
Vim pelo Facebook, pra vê isso, meu Deus, bozarro
So glad slowthai is finally getting the recognition he deserves🔥
Quem mais veio depois de ver no Facebook ?
My stomach looks like his if I've just eaten two hot dogs.
Tendi porra de nada
Pior que a música é até legalzibha
Quem tá aqui porque viu a publicação no Facebook 😂?
Que diabo já??
Clipe Ridiculo!
Q merda Einm kkk
Só vim pelo meme kkkkklkk credo que agonia
Que horror kkkk
Wtf
Influência ao canabalismo, horrível.
WTF?????????
😱
as views aumentando por causa do povo curioso do twitter kkkkkk
no entiendo nada, pero returbio el video :v
vim pelo twitter mdw
vim pelo twitter e fiquei com dó do cara, muito injustiçado e ainda virou bolo do talarico
почему у него на животе тату путина с длинными волосами?
this parallel of showing the relationship of a father who abandons his son to restart the cycle with another woman and does not assume the child, but from the inverted angle, is interesting, because it has become so normal, that only in this way we see clearly
bruh who dips when ur pumping out a baby no wonder shes black lmao
men cant have babys this isnt real, god shames this
gente oq eu acabei de ver
Am I made of cake? Is the world just a huge cake?
tu ta aqui por causa do twitter krl
quem veio pelo twitter do cara picotado ?
Vim pelo Twitter para matar a curiosidade.   😱😱😱
Cheguei aqui pelo twitter
Vinsmoke Sanji = Like
quem veio do twitter?
OH MY GOD
a música é boa mas o clipe (?) KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK WTF
qq to fazendo aqui
mazzer@Slowthai
Not how I remember peep show
Something about the beat just seems so British to me. Gives me nostalgia from when I used to live there as a kid
🖤💔🖤💔
this is like, one of the best music videos I've ever seen.
Great song but Wtf is this music video
Anyone have any ideas for a tattoo around the album. Apple tree/apple obviously but anything else?
Quien vino aquí pq era un tarta¿
The whole video was quite interesting, but honestly I hated the ending.
This music video is so bizarre
Wtf is this ?
you cant lie in the bed you made for yourself and eat your cake!
EVERYTHING IS CAKE
Baby  is  cake
Yo wtf I just clocked the baby is singing james blakes verse on the screen
His smile is so creepy. Almost psychotic
Saw this cool song and clip when it came out on Rage few months ago 🙌
Tf
Sick song man keep doing what your doing
I.. Why am I crying after seeing this? I came here for the cake but stayed for the beautiful song & visuals.  👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿thoroughly enjoyed this
This video is kinda creepy, in a good way. 😍
ال شاف التورته ال منزلها اليوم السابع وجاي يتاكد يخبط لايك 😂
почему там не катя???????
first half>second half
This is sick ( in an evil way)!! Edit: Cannibals
Bro I was too high for when I saw he was pregnant
This needs more views. This was too good.
Why the baby godda be crunchy?
Just came here from a cake post
The cake brought me here. Lol. I liked the song though.
Mariah Carey sample
جاي من اليوم السابع يرجاله
Desire desire
"it's not you, so i guess it's me..."
I did this 0.7 mln vievs
The way this is sad
The cake eating sounds at the end had me cringing so hard😂
came to see the cake lmao. but good song though
Why does that cake sound so crunchy at the end? :/
Beautiful
I’d highly suggest checking out Slowthai’s discography for some context to the music and vid. It appears everyone’s on a Facebook trend unfortunately
Indoctrination to cannibalism. Getting you used to seeing this and having you accept it.
Someone else came here after the viral facebook post?
wtf video is this holy crap
This is magic
Disgusting vid 🤢🤮🤮🤮
Alguien más vino por el pastel?
What?
What's the message behind this one t?
Creepy
Used to love slowthai’s music but I can no longer support a man who ruins lives and so horribly violates people. I hope the victim can begin to heal. Slowthai, you’re a piece of shit human being.
Came here because of the trending cake man
facebook trends, really...
Thats off chops
found a photo from this on FB
My life was so much before before I discovered whatever Tf this is
disgusting to break cake baby bodies
weird
Who came here just because of the cake?
This made me feel something...  must be art.
damn how is this song even real
0:43 Should’ve have mixed in the Taylor swift love story a bit, maybe next time. Production value 10/10
WTF did i just watch................
And we wonder why young people talk the way they do. Rap and Hip Hop has ruined the English language.
this video is amazing.
I’m so confused .....I don’t understand what I just watched
Some megamind please do an analysis of this, because what the fk is happening-  High quality music and video, but I am so confused xD Sounding good no matter the meaning though, yeet!
Who else is here just because of the cake?
😭🤯🤯🤯
I came for the cake
Who's here just to see the cake? 😂
What a tune 👌 👏 🙌 😍 #legend 🇬🇧
this creeped  me out
Great transitions guys! love this
Y’all really gotta step your rap game up
Been here to see the cake part.
Listening to James Blake’s verse while staring at the ceiling hits different...
who else after watching this on lallantop socal list
Came here after seeing the cake man all over Facebook. Not dissapointed.
cute
this is such a special song
Wtf did I just watch? Some weird shit going on in this vid.
This song is so gorgeous
These lyrics make me happy to be old and married.  These emotional roller coasters of young love are exhausting and existential
Can someone please explain what in the fuck
rip michael
this music video is such a trip
They sampled MiMi's dreamlover at the end 💞
wow genius
He needs to do another video with TGF bro. They helped each other so mu h
This is the most creative music video I've watched so far. Every bit is 🔥🔥🔥
i love this, it reminds me of the MGMT when you die music video a lil bit
That doc 😍
Damn slowthai, your music has really been helping me through such a weird & hard time
UNDERRATED
Mariah Carey helped write this 😱
That disgusting bite sound at the end ruins everything
Thought slowthai was proposing to me until I seen the chick steal my spotlight. 😭
This song is a banger and def a vibe
This beat is so good wtf
based
So good this video is perfect
Never heard of Slowthai, seen someone say hes getting too popular, listened to him and he definitely deserves a large fanbase.
I love this song
i cant stop this track looped (っ'-')╮=͟͟͞͞I LOVE IT 0:00 ●━━━━━━─────── 3:36 ⇆ㅤㅤㅤㅤ◁ㅤㅤ❚❚ㅤㅤ▷ㅤㅤㅤㅤ↻
I keep coming back to this videoclip it ‘s just so good. I love everything about it.
I can see this song in another perspectice yet
Bro wtf???
This video is so meta there’s deadass meaning behind everything
Everything but the cake is a lie
Happy Valentine's day nobody. <\3
I get chills every time play this
Really makes you *feel* like a slowthai
James Blake can take a great song and make it god tier.
Damn this song is amazing..makes me really emotional.. almost cried no joke! Just remember eveyone, life gets better! You just have to have hope and believe in yourself, cause your worth it!! 👌🙏🤙
can you for the love of dog release the instrumental as well?? Im obsessed with that piano
Thanks Slowthai for bringing me goosebumps, you're great dude.
This song is amazing slowthai is setting a new wave for British rap and I feel we have more to see from him
Slowthai is on a whole other level rn
Criminally low views but I suppose quality is more important.
This tells a story I don’t understand but wish I did 😂
This is ART
so rare
slowthai similar to asap rocky
Wowwy just finished da album fis was actually amazing for def his first album cant wait for more of his success fr fr...🤍
I still haven't got over this song. 1:55 literally the best. Need more collabs with mount kimbie plz
reminds me Radiohead's "Knives Out" video with this camera mooves & surrealistc things. cool track!
Ayy
this is so weird to were it is good
Started listening to him after he released "Nothing Great About Britain" and I'm so happy I haven't stopped listening.
Whutchu finkin bae
If I was on acid while watching this .....it would be the worst trip I've ever been on
Is it me or this is a knives out (radiohead) reference?
Can anyone who knows music theory explain what happens at 3:15 and why it hits so hard?
🔻 [LYRICS/LETRA] (Like 👍) ✅  [Verse 1: slowthai] We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmellows and a chocolate flake You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call me liar Want a bun up in the oven, tryna trap me in barbed wire Put a baby in your stomach if that's what you desire  [Pre-Chorus: slowthai] Desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire   [Chorus: slowthai] Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Feel away) But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Feel away) But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away)  [Bridge: James Blake] This time I (This time) This time I (I feel away, this time) This time I (This time I'm thinkin') This time I (I feel away) This time I have one hand free (Feel away) This has nothing to do with me (Nothing, nothing)  [Verse 2: James Blake] I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could have lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like a lot (Feel like) I feel safe, I feel safe This time I, this time we'll be too scared Or bein' to fear This time I, this time will, hope this shouldn't end   [Chorus: slowthai] Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been It's not you, so I guess it's me It's not you, so I guess it's me Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been It's not you, so I guess it's me  [Outro] Dream, come and rescue me See me there, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love  ⭐ VIDEO OFICIAL Y LETRA/OFFICIAL VIDEO AND LYRICS: 👉 https://www.letradetucancion.com/2021/02/letra-feel-away-slowthai-james-blake_9.html
🔻 [LYRICS/LETRA] (Like 👍) ✅  [Verse 1: slowthai] We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmellows and a chocolate flake You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call me liar Want a bun up in the oven, tryna trap me in barbed wire Put a baby in your stomach if that's what you desire  [Pre-Chorus: slowthai] Desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire   [Chorus: slowthai] Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Feel away) But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Feel away) But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away)  [Bridge: James Blake] This time I (This time) This time I (I feel away, this time) This time I (This time I'm thinkin') This time I (I feel away) This time I have one hand free (Feel away) This has nothing to do with me (Nothing, nothing)  [Verse 2: James Blake] I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could have lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like a lot (Feel like) I feel safe, I feel safe This time I, this time we'll be too scared Or bein' to fear This time I, this time will, hope this shouldn't end   [Chorus: slowthai] Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been It's not you, so I guess it's me It's not you, so I guess it's me Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been It's not you, so I guess it's me  [Outro] Dream, come and rescue me See me there, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love  ⭐ VIDEO OFICIAL Y LETRA/OFFICIAL VIDEO AND LYRICS: 👉 https://www.letradetucancion.com/2021/02/letra-feel-away-slowthai-james-blake.html
LOVE IT. <3
A woman can relate to that vid lol..
I just noticed at 2:58 the dude is holding up the middle finger on the cake. Thats jokes
this is rare slowthai i love you
Bro this is true art
This song is the final boss of ''It's all cake?''
Man I feel like this music video is deep but I just don't understand it
This has been one of the sickest shit I ever saw after Tommy Cash songs..U got a new fan. I ♥️ this.😂
日本人いますか？最後赤ちゃんが食べられてしまう意味が分からなくてずっと考えています…
Can somebody explain this video to me?
I saw the track and thought I’ve heard this before but where?!
1:09 <3
Started crying out of nowhere, knowing the background of this song. Bless.
❤💣
<3 from Toronto
slowthai was pretty much the only things i listened to for 2 weeks in south africa on a school trip, fine days...
slowthai is Vern grown up from stand by me
Wtf
Nah slowthai you’re a genius
This is delightful what I seen
Fucking epic
This just looks like way too many mushrooms
No one else brings this level of creativity to their visuals EVERY TIME! Where is Tyron at? Need it in my earholes...
Il et narvalo complet il me régale fort fort
So I get the lyrics, but wtf did I just watch
He is so beautiful, I love him
This song reminds me of 2011-2015 pop rap songs
How this video wasn't nominated for a grammy I'll never know
This is going to be ICONIC.
Who else just discovered slowthai and is going through all his songs?
DJ Shadow - Building Steam With A Grain Of Salt
james blake is unbelievable
💕🔥
i dont know what the fuck is going on but i like it
h o l y s h i t
BLOWN AWAY!!!!
THIS VIDEO HAS TOO MUCH. The visuals are mad, crazy cuts, people changing that you don't even clock at first... props to the director on this Oscar Hudson on this one man
Brasileiros ??
Now that was pretty awesome
This music video is probably what women who were left pregnant/with a kid for another bitch feel like
Slowthai's videos HANDS DOWN are one of the BEST IN MUSIC!
Que buen beat 🔥
We need a full version of that dreamlover at 3:09. PLEASE
Higher than a note from mariah, he pinched that one off kanye west but I like this guy
Те кто сейчас  слушают  будь счастлив...
It’s all... cake
Nah big man ting this is a v powerful song
slowedthai gonna blow up soon!❤️
2:58 - Dude on the left chose his hand for the cake BUT the middle finger is sticking up on his plate flipping the camera off 😂
<3
This song is incredible, so much depth to the mans music! And the fact james blake is on it too.. this album bout to be something big
OUUUUUU SHIT
Trip
Slowthai gave birth to james Blake
Очень круто)
Here after he dropped w Rocky 🤯
This song in addition to other things make me question if this is a simulation or not, some thing generated by my head while im in  coma. Saddly even if i realize it i can t wake up
What’s the meaning of this song someone explain
what is the sample at the end of the song it sounds like macy gray thankful for every help stay healthy
eu gosto de mais da musica, mas vai toma um deslike só pelo barulho irritante no final.. vc curte a musica inteira e pá.. no final corta o tesao !!
sounds like the end credits to life
The song is about the way he and his music are being treated by his record label and the listeners - that's why his belly has the symbols for his albums on it and he's getting 'torn apart' or eaten by his lable which instead  should nurture and promote his talent as an artist. That's at least one interpretation
Great artist. Genuine G
Sorta reminds me of the video for Knives Out by Radiohead
The best song of 2020
if my 2020 was a music video...
The cake, bruh 😟
This literally blew my mind 🤯
1:10, Kinda Sus
This is such a therapeutic song.
This song is so romantic and sad  then you see the video and it feels like a fever dream.
Τρελα τερμα
Merry Christmas eryone
James Blake’s lyrics hits hard, you know which one I mean
Grotesque.
every time i watch this i notice something new
Haha mad Gaspar Noe vibes
Mad Visuals!!!!🔥🔥
shits beautiful
James blake is a god of voice
james blake is a angel i swear
Proof James Blake is ultra sound.
this is the most confusing video i’ve ever watched lmao
Billie Eilish's dreams:
WHY IS THIS SONG SOOOOO GOOD
Tf did I just watch
Yiu on drugs mate?
Marco Merreact 6
3:09 Mariah sample!
Marco Merrino was here
Ok wtf...but I love this song
Ok is pregnant but where go out the baby
Chi è qui dopo Marco merrino ?
Grazie Marco (Merrino).
slowthai da goat
Ok marco
E un’altra volta si ha una perla di saggezza da parte di Marco
Grazie Marco
Grazie croix89
grazie marco, le tue perle sempre ottime direi.
Grazie Croix
Wow
Chi qui per marco?
Chi qui Grazie a Marco merrino? 😂
chi è qui per marco?
the video's  insane🔥🔥
Best song on the internet
I wish I got around to listening to this sooner. This is amazing
EVERYTHING IS CAKE
There Is so much going on
Ok wow this is a great song.
If you're gonna add chewing noises to your track we're gonna have a bad time
Qqqqq
Wow
This hits like new Radiohead used to...🇬🇧
right then
big tune
My second kid on the way ,this hit diffrent ..Flow is so crazy !!
great story, video, production 😭👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼  no stoppin Tyron
Best song of 2020
More songs like this please
slowthai sounding like loski its mad
okay, wtf?
Why is the cake crunchy at the end?
This hits home hard.
This song is too good
This young G is very inspirational wow 🤩 bro keep doing what your doing its big real fucking big mad 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯
pain
modern "knives out". love it
SO FLIPPIN DOPE
one, the song is really, really good, but I expected that from slowthai. BUT THE DAMN VIDEO IS SOMETHING EXCEPTIONAL.
Bruh that fetus has a better voice than me
"Put a baby in your stomach, if it's what you desire"  I think someone needs to teach him basic human reproduction again...
Man some songs don’t need a time limit!
so amazing
Baby’s don’t go in stomachs
idk how to feel about this
wtf is this video tho...blurring the lines between gender.
I stayed up too late, this is so sad but hilarious 😂😭😂😭😂
high-key, that was dope
amazing
Wawa torta
having your cake and eating it too?
1:57 james blake took the song to another level with that chorus
Ахуенно
crunchy cake
lmao couldn't stop laughing
Disturbing video aside, this is actually an excellent song and a solid collaboration!!
What
this got that Marina Abramovic Spirit Cooking visual vibes
This song is so beautiful man
Well this hit harder than that car that hit me when I was riding on that scooter.
someone just gave this video 667 dislikes
Fucking up at the nme awards....few months later dropping a gem with james blake. Always relatable, just another fuck up like u and me
JOJI?!?!?!?!
🤟🔥
Mans living in the wrong decade
Tarrare at the end
It seems their romance is suffering because she feels he is not taking their relationship seriously and “playing games”. I think Slowthai does actually love her though. The real problem is their differing beliefs.   “Wanna bun up in the oven  Tryna trap me in barbed wire  Put a baby in your stomach if that’s what you desire”  Those lines are slowthai’s sarcastic retort to the widely held belief that having a baby is the ultimate expression of love between two people.   Slowthai’s beliefs seem to be somewhat nihilistic. He rejects the societal standards around baby making, painfully aware of the fact that even once married with children an individual can still find themselves in a loveless relationship with nobody loving them but themselves.   I love the way he uses satire to brilliantly remind the audience of the ways of the world while keeping us laughing and entertained.  For example, Slowthai being the pregnant one. It’s funny because we know in reality it would be the woman carrying babies.  Then, the woman being the cheating spouse. It’s funny because we know in reality it would be the woman getting cheated on while pregnant.  Finally, when the woman slices slowthai’s arm into cake pieces and eats them with her new partner. It’s funny because we know in reality it would be the woman being eaten and the man being the one who is allowed to have his cake and eat it too. Get it?  Duh, nobody is eaten like that in reality. Rather, the eating of flesh in this video symbolizes the act of emotionally draining somebody without giving anything in return.
Love this ,reminds me of “the bullitts  ,close your eyes” from way back.
"I leave the dent in my car to remind me what I could have lost." :'(
Anything James Blake touches turns to gold
Put a baby in your stomach???? 🤣🤣🤣
Throwback to when we tried potato chips from around the world - https://youtu.be/dzudlPkRKRU
Wait so this whole time slowthi was a lady😕
I can’t link this yet for a couple reasons.  Good song
is that the girl that was on season 1 of "Does the Shoe fit" with chunkz and filly ???????????
✨✨✨🦋🌸🦋🌸🦋🌼🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🌼🦋🌸🦋🌸🦋✨✨✨
This is so sad
on loop for a looong cool ass minute
"Put a baby in your stomach" bro i- a stomach is to digest food. Did you EAT the baby or something!?!? Lmao, the songs good though😂
So good
damnit! got me hooked till the end! terrifying drama w/ happy end... you're nuts! #thanksforyourart
Haven’t felt this way watching a video since a kid watching rage
What other song has this backing track, its driving me insane
good advertisement for cakes!
Fire 🔥 and it sounds like lazy by daniel johnston
I don't know why this video stresses me out
damn so good
Infectious smile. Met him while working in Northampton a couple months ago, great lad.
The vocals sound like Graeme James from New Zealand!! 🤭👏👏Clever video...
Slowthai is a hidden gem. Not anymore. Many people listen to him now. Grab that cup Tyron. Love you.
Who tf sings the end bit where it’s the girls voice?
Slowthai ft Aitch NEEDS TO FUCKING HAPPPPPPEN
Put a baby in your stomach? Does this guy even know how babies are made?
PLEASE DO MORE MUSIC WITH MOUNT KIMBIE <333
<3
Mount Kimbie is legendary. I strongly advise anyone to check their discography. High quality.
that eating sound is disgusting
the video is really similar to Radiohead - Knifes out (Michel Gondry) but I love it too
chaban tarta
Bro the song hits hard 🔥 but the cake part 🤢🤮
is that simon pegg at 2:45
F I R E !
Why got I that Radiohead - Knives Out clip vibe
Are they eating the Trainspotting baby?
That "Feel away" sounds Asap Rocky as fuck
Es la pesadilla de cualquier joven en una situación así y de la mayoría en LATAM
That melody instantly hits you
You felt low, I took you higher than a notе from Mariah
love this shit so much
I get it. If you've had a kid and been divorced it hits different. 10/10
the boy got name solomon
This video seems like some shit that would happen in a weird dream
Коротко о моих снах
Heyy if you in the Uk doing alternative type rap please hit me up 🤙💚
that is a quality music video
Nah Nah Nah someone needs to make an analysis of this whole thing
What's the message behind eating the baby bc tbh it looks like indoctrination into the satanic rituals of eating babies and trying to desensitize us to it.  Love James Blake but hes been heavy showing signs of illuminati esque behavior, moving to Cali, dying his hair blonde, joining up with major record labels , checkerboards in his pics, some of his songs I even think are a hint.  Mount Kimbie is cool too but WTF?  The slicing his arm and eating it I understand that imagery and it was appropriate but the eating the baby??? I thought his arm was the cake?!?! Why the second cake?  Why the baby? Like explain this bc my conclusion is the only one I can come up with!
blud preggers
this kinda feels like the movie "mother!"
Começa com bolo e termina com bolo 🍰
This is my fucking jam. James Blake's production is so sick. The beat for the (relatively) new flatbush Zombies track is fiiiiire
as if the track wasn't heartbreaking enough.. wow
Pero wtf?
you h8 to see homophobes and misogynists like slowthai
can someone please tell me what are the asics he is wearing please 1:32
What's her @ O.o
Ma che cazzo
This is a banger! Perfect mix of artists... got that James Blake vibe to the beat but it's slowthai perfectly. FIRE!
Similar to my dreams when the windows are left open
Wicked tune but the video tho...?
This song makes me cry I wish it didn’t
This track is next level good. Great work!
Beat
This be a banger 2020
James Blake bout to be the new Nate Dogg
Best I’ve ever seen
te quiero guapo
can someone tell me what are the asics he is wearing please 1:32
Hands down great track. music video is superlative but unnecessary.
it's should have millions of views. shame
Dis sick
“I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could’ve lost...” 🤯 Now that is a lyric.
james' voice fucking ruins me everytime
Slow thai n Blake classic
Does anyone actually get the concept though?
But, Mount Kimbie is where?
Wow!great collab!!!
rowdybaby
Why hasn't this got a million views yet???
Doc : So slowthai we need you to lay on the bed... Slowthai:  peice of cake doc
The cake caught me so off guard. Wtf ?! 🤣
I feel like the video is about how Slowthai puts all his hard work into creating something. That everyone consumes but him.
tf i just watch
Spirit cooking normal ça y est ils ne se cache plus
i cant explain how underrated this song is
Love the song. Love the video
❤
New sub I'm glad i found you ♡ weird ass video but i loved it ♡
Gioele Prat* sappi che sei bellissimo!
Suddenly not half the man I used to be
Jesus this hurts my soul.
Great video but not a lot of rapping.
I love you slowthai highkey bro. Been though similar shit
3:26 that sounds more like an apple bruh
This mental
James Blake go perfect on the beat
🎶🎶Suddenly i'm not half the man i used to be🎶🎶
He’s gonna feed a baby to her? In her stomach lol 😂
"Yeah, you got that yummy, yum..."
Slick with that Yesterday lyric
Slow Thai is from Walthamstow
the british eminem
The baby at the end looks like the one from trainspotting!
What! a! weird! dream!
Lets go cannibal 👌😜😂
I dreamt about Slowthai and Mac Miller together for a featuring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_92k6U2TU8
Bruh dude
Anything before james blakes part doesnt exist to me
looks like someone googled spirit cooking for a video idea, strange.
Damn bro, your videos perfect like mc miller’s , enjoy this sh.t
Mariah Carey sample/influence at the end?
Everything from Britain is better get me
RIP Solomon
just want the slowthai arm cake
WHY IS THE CAKE CRUNCHY THO
I was redirected here from a cake page on twitter. IDK WTF this vid is lol
Listened to this at least 5 times a day since its release... Slow is genius.
2:14 u already kno slowthai just did this part for the nos
halfway in this was already in my top 5 fav videos ever
Though this was a YouTube Ad, and I usually skip em, I couldn't skip this one on 2 different occasions Haha. Now im here for the 3rd time. +1 Sub
نقش بصحي بجليط
Wtf now I just realised that the baby in the screen was singing haha baby James Blake is doing a good job 😂
Seeing Slowthai pregnant with James Blake is something I didn't know I had to see
slowly getting into slowthai. The more of his songs I listen to, the more I love him
its a good video that tho
Remember when he spat in that chicks mouth, ah good pre-corona times
Please, don't be a cake! Next scene: Aaaaaaaaa
POV: you didn't watch it all the way through the first time and now you have your thinking what the fuck
Never understood the hype around Slowthai but this tune's legit sick
one of the tastiest songs I've heard in a long time. I felt it in my stomach and in my mind. and yeah those cake shots, powerful on so many levels.
How is slow thai not more fucking hyped. Honestly best artist fuckin evea
man! this is dope &  relax at the same time
Did i smoke something or sniff something today
This is the first ad I've ever liked enough to go search for the actual video 👌
slowthai just keeps pulling up with the BEST tunes and it doesn’t look like he’s gonna stop anytime soon
this song is criminally underrated
Wow
Perverse but beautiful juxtaposition. Didn't expect these vibes form thai. I love it.
cool how this video feels like the child of Radiohead's Knives Out
Why are you eating a baby.
james blaakkkkeeee? yessirr lessgooo
Man that shit hit different when the nurse turns the light off
Holy fuck this song fire
The Bake King is on 🔥
Quality tune. Video looked like something out of train spotting 🚂
wtf
Bro I love this song and these visuals are dope. Its gonna stay on repeat bc wow just mannn
True original, waited a while to hear a new joint from the man himself & doesn't disappoint!
i just luv it
Thought this dude looked prego on spotify, so I had to come check out the video😂
la malaisance de ce clip est abyssale... il est stylé de ouf, il m'a perdu
Belmondo nawet fajnie po angielsku
this track is literally the single of the autumn! slowly getting to a point where I'm addicted to this song
Had a baby-ate it  postpartum depression?
This vid was a Lovecraft country episode
the baby was cake
BABY JAMES BLAKE I LOVE HIM
It's just beyond my comprehension.
This video should be illegal.
Bruh good song
OMG what
Wait so is slowthai having a baby ?
This song reminds me of radiohead true love waits (?)
It seems sample dean blunt - 50 cent
I think this is one of my favorite songs/videos ever. Got me so emotional.
This was an amazing music video
Mariah Carey's Dreamlover sample
Feel away
sidr hammer drag curl normal
EVERYTHING'S CAKE
Someone should have warned me. I am too high for this.
Mariah carey Stan here hahaha
Peoples champ right here.
Came here to hear the "dreamlover" sample by Mariah Carey ❤
Oh wow, putting himself in a woman’s shoes was quite powerful, being cheated on when they’re vulnerable. I didn’t get the baby being eaten at the end though, what did that symbolise?
I come here because of Mariah Carey - Dreamlover
cake
this is so beautiful wtf
sacrificial themes...
Anyone else get Alt-J vibes here??
Song of the year!!!!! INSANE!!!!
We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmallows and a chocolate fig You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call me liar Want a bun up in the oven Tryna trap me in barbed wire, put a baby in your stomach If that's what you desire Desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, it hurt what you could've been (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, it hurt what you could've been (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) This time I (this time) This time I (I feel away, this time) This time I (this time I'm thinkin') This time I (I feel away) This time I have one hand free (feel away) This has nothing to do with me (feel away) (nothing, nothing) I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could've lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like love (feel like) I feel safe, I feel safe This time I This time we'll be too scared Or big enough to fail This time I (this time) This time we'll (this time) Hope this shouldn't end Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, it hurt what you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me It's not you, so I guess it's me Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, it hurt what you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me Dream, come and rescue me See me there, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love
Норм
Song of the century man😎😎😎
🔥👏
On repeat for nearly 10 days straight.
Imagine if Toro y Moi hopped on this
hahah whaat
i have no clue what’s going on but i like it
Terrible.
Ok, here me out. Imagine this as a 360 video
Honestly James Blake is so sadly underrated!!
Cursed video
was anyone else extremely triggered by that chewing at the end? just me? coo XD
That Mariah sample tho 🙌🏼
3:35 Nice Dreamlover reference! ("even higher than a note from Mariah")
I never been son confused by a music video but the song is really good
like if slowthai is the best uk rapper
Slowthai, again confirming that everything, Indeed is cake
weird flex but ok
Oh ok
donut operator
ahh i get it, "getting pregnant, piece of cake"
3:27 that's one crunchy cake 😂
<3
Just cake
NORTHFUCKINGHAMPTON
comunista comewawa
whata music video, shit!!! brazil viewer here: congrats to the crew!
raffertie sample?
so it really was all cake
🔥
Creative bloke you are well done loveeeeeee
Who else horny af right now?
Sick video, sick song.
Baby in stomach ?  I like this guy but those lyrics are shit..
Kodak black vibes
0:02 noooooo amigooo donde te sentaste con razón te embarazaron
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Gaspar noe would cream himself
lol this must have been one of the most unexpected but successful musical crossovers, really cool
Trippy af
It's not you so I guess its me
slowthai can master any genre, he is killing it out here...also easiest the craziest music video I’ve seen in a while
quick thoughts... peeped the athletics shirt-zee (nice squad)... heart hands/gareth bale (welcome back)...has mount kimbie made anything less than a slapper?  doubt it... fondant can really be molded and shaped to look so life like... amazing tune!
Bro wtf was this ad??😂😂😂lowkey fire tho
Omg this is literally the Kabal with sacrificing and eating babies. Hollywood exploiting in plain sight! Wake up everybody it's not just an artistic choice, it's a reality of something evil happening in  present day.
Who is that pregnant girl
ASS
this song is just so damn good. One of the strongest musicians in the game, 100%
wut..
Its going down 🏖🏖#mario35thanniversarycollection https://www.instagram.com/p/CFUNc1FgN4e/?igshid=1b7m4v8yjrm2p
Whhhhhuuuut that clip is sweet
This is fuckin nuts who would’ve known this side of him love it
this is artistry....
dats some crunchy ass cake
khókuszcsoport
what the heck
Rahhh why don't they put the lyrics in the info bit now I gotta hunt for the person in the comments
That doctor might be the tallest Indian I've ever seen
So the baby cake come from anal? xD
got damn this was so good
Plot Twist: *Slowthai is Howtobasic*
great song but honestly wtf did i just watch?
This video is so fire
The cake is a lie
A lot of people don't know this was actually Andrea's son Brock, in Breaking Bad.
This looks like my worst nightmare
RIP SOLOMON
Apparently somebody is fan from Michel Gondry.
This is a great song
powerful. never do that to a woman
Lovee
0:58 is that Travis Scott on the right corner of the screen?
Him: hey babycakes :) Me:
What does this even mean 😂😂
what the fuck does all of this mean?
This is LDN!!!
I ate a bebeh
looks like a dream I'd see myself in...
That ending 🤢
This is amazing fr
Wtf ?
how weird you want the video to be? slowthai: Yes
Mount Kimbie man
how is this video not already at 5M views
getting the Streets vibes!
Hey slowthai? What the fuck was that video? :)
pure gold...wait its all cake
this is either like a really bad acid trip or a really bad nightmare
Who came here from Dylan's tweet ?
🙀
The production is so damn smooth and crisp.
cake baby is what haunts me at night
This is a great ass song,been listening to this nonstop
On repeat
If everything was like the world would be so much better.
wow this is so deep, usually the man who sees the girl as the bm starts a new life with the hot nurse and leaves the bm in pieces? or am i just high thinking to much into it
Slowthai is underrated af everyone who doesn’t properly listen to him thinks he only makes loud music but he’s acc lyrically competent and can make rlly good mellow songs
so this is why a&e takes so long
Key message I took from this - You can't have your cake and eat it, and appreciate everything in life!
Yo wtf
james blake is a great artist wtf😔
payday 2??
Я аx**ел просто)) крутой и трек и видос!
This video is so creative
The first half reminded me of the SNL skit with Chadwick Boseman talking about men giving birth https://youtu.be/2EVI7wIV7tk
https://www.instagram.com/p/CFQQ3FlIXCg/?igshid=r25t95knn2wy
Weird af video
This is gay
me: men can't give birth...  slowthai: bruh hold my cake
reminds me of the movie mother
the babi i an guht
Yaming bay bays for dayyyyssss
This video is so deep
How'd she get pregnant if they're not even married yet?
god damn!
♥️🗯
What the hell he really did the cake meme!
This is like Math to me confusing.
the beat sounds like home. Cool song.
Is this 100 gecs
1000 degree knife VS slowthai
"Now i know what's real and what is cake"
Shite
Leave it to mount kimbie to pop up out of nowhere
i really thought we'd escaped but cake seems to be following us everywhere
I accidentally played two tabs at the same time with a little time lag and it was 10 times better than the original!
This sucks
Yeah eat da baby
Crazyyy man 🥺💖
mans got down on two knees for her
The NHS cancel my appointment but will do a video for slowthai!
As an Art observer I only can say  WWWWWTTTTFFFFFFF
james blake is perfect for this song
felicidades. . encontraste un comentario en español :)
That beat....
I dont get it.
bangERRR
Song is on point, but the video giving off some weird spirit cooking vibes....peak lol
Slowthai and joji collab would be sick
wow
Why is Sassy from the big lez show in slowthai’s womb??
your a good rapper/musician even this is the 1st time i hear you because YT recommend it this to me and when i click it it's sounds very good and the beat that you used into this video is very good too. BTW where do you get that name?
just realized he was eating the cake before the delivery.. guess the cake was spiked or was made from hash that got him cukoo
Why is the baby cake crunchy??!?! LOL!
what in the Eric Andre did I just watch? Great song tho
Now i want to eat cake
This video gives me a "Mother!" Vibe
this is one of my favourite songs ever by slowthai
whats the meaning of his wife going with the doctor y'all think ?
anybody on that mariah carey sample ?
I almost liked this song until he ate with his mouth open right in my ears
cake! :-/
крутяяяяг
Very underrated..
Does anybody remember a whole song similar to 1:52?
Is it a girl or a boy? Doctor: Its a james blake.
wtf????
The POV changes are nutty
i am confusion
that baby part at the end was possibly the most disturbing thing of all time lol
Uhhh why the baby cake sound crunchy tho 🥴🥴
Hermoso, hermoso vidio
Not to late explain yourself...
Bro this shit fye I think I got recommend this because of the track he did with the gorillaz. This heat brah
fucking love this song, been on my spotify playlist since released, slowthai you can't make bad music <3
HEYYYYYYY get WiKi on this man try to collaborate
Amazing man
Fuuuk haha always amazed
As i saw his belly... immediately  clicked thumbs up 👶🎉
This song hits different
bles
wow, crazybgood'
Damn
Ableton's grain delay on that synth, anyone?
its all cake?
Okay was not expecting a pregnancy like that...
No way u done a tune with Mt. Kimbie :D
Who is here from facebook?
stop... What? Its cool!
This just made me cry :'( Fucking please take care y'all God damn
Kimbie always making next level beats.  This shit  claps,  knocks and slaps
The creatives gon create .. btw they really eating the kids
"You can't have your cake and eat it too." - Old English proverb
Sick video, but honestly dissapointed by the song. When i saw that James Blake and Mount Kimbie were features i got really hyped, but i was left feeling nothing at all. Maybe i got to distracted by the video, have to listen again a few times
didnt expect to like it.. but bruh, nice video
My favourite artist right now
Slowthai, james blake and mount kimbie. This was always going to be good. And quality vid👌🏽
is it me or did the cake remind you of pizza???
Trippy
Can we appreciate this beat tho
james blesses my ears every time he's on a song<33
whoever directed this Fantastic Work my guy and the whole crew
what is this
this is literally a reenactment of my fever dream last night
Reminds me a little of the ending of the film Mother! This was great!
This song is dedicated to his younger brother Michael who passed away. Rip.
Why it sound like he's eating chips at the end....smh
Ascended
Attaway general behind the scenes
what's the story of MV
Wow! What a creative video 🤟🏼
tf did i just watch
Commenting so I can remember this in the future.
🙌🏽🇨🇱💎
this song is really good wow
why am i crying
loved it!
🔥🔥
enjoy watching you grow as an artist man. the emotion you're starting to put into your music over time is an inspiration
10 из 10
shitshow of a video, awesome
aaaah
At The end I was like  WTF why did he eat the kid
this is literally song of the year
The BakeKing did a good job with The cake!!!
Someone on Bake Off had better do the baby cake.
If this doesn't win awards ill eat slowthai's hand
Cheeeeeeese!!
Best Collab of the Year
this song feels like morphine to the femoral artery
ayo im mad dense can someone explain this video to me its all gone over my head
Mad tune. Trifecta
Well happy this songs popping off slowthai needs that recognition
Not sure why this song gets me in my feelings sometimes
Wait? It’s all cake?
bruh, what did I just watch???
Trifecta
Dead
I take it that he's trying to say that separation or whatever he is going through is eating at him...
Cakeblowing
🔥🔥
Someone explain I'm very confused now 😕
Lmaaoo is there supposed to be like a message somewhere in all of this? Serious question..
Watched this when I was high with my homies, not understand a shit
genius
got me worried
scary shit
The lil piano beat tho, james Blake got that funk
Yooo what the FUck just happened????
just wow!  joylavita.com
The cake is a lie
Awesome lol
lmao they eating the slowthai cake in the waiting room
James blakes voice man. Goosebumps
Вижу James Blake - ставлю лайк
Added to ENREPEAT (Hip-Hop/R'n'B) playlist. Follow on YouTube & Spotify for MUSIC YOU MAY HAVE MISSED ON A DAILY BASIS.
NOT THE CAKE
Visuals are so good 💯
is not you! " IS ME !!! " ... all this time
this is disturbingly much like salvia
this is disturbingly much like salvia
I wear Nike not Fila comment here
FUCKING WOW
I bet it will be awkward behind the scenes....
Different vibe from slowthai but this goes soooo hard!!! He can smash up and type of music!
Bruuuh...
WTF did I just watch?
this sounds like it should be on fifa 21
Weirdest vid i saw for this time being. But men' i think this is somewhat deep. I'm tryna think it out so i can understand but i guess it works better feeling it.
How tf do people come up with stuff like this? The artistry is crazyyyy
Keep making these sick collabs 🚀 ❤ from Portugal
what creative camera work! incredible cinematography honestly
Not the "everything is a cake" again, I thought it was over :'(
Cardigan game is sick
Sweet madness <3
James Blake and Mount Kimbie 🖤
cherish women my guys  there's hope for the future children
Prolly gonna watch this again in 6 years when this get recommended to me so see ya when I see ya ✌️
Why'd I get recommended mpreg
That moment when you ask yourself wtf were i watching
what does this mean
Knives out - Radiohead - Michel Gondry 🤔
Songs amazing, video should win awards
what a tune
This video is so cursed
I can't explain why I like slowthai ... I just do!
yoooo this is insane.
Conclussion: everything is a cake
the amount of people who worked on this.
song reminds me of Yung lean
Slowthai, James Blake & Mount Kimbie = press like before it even starts
Not a fan, but happy to see he's still exploring different sounds.
Wtf lmfao
luv u t
Dunno if Simon Pegg is one of the nurses at 2:45
Damn ya'll spoiled the cake part for me bruh
This video is soo powerful. Cakes aside 😂
shout out that qt guindilla
Fire right here! Fighting Easy Life Nightmares for UK number 1 for me! Two epic tunes!
well that was the maddest music vid I've ever seen. good job.
The use of symbolism in this video is immaculate
James Blake 🙆🏾‍♂️ okay all that's missing is a King Cruel collab, maybe a Bakar collab too🤔 and if I'm being greedy Little Simz & Connie Constance
Fucking love this. Perfect blend.
Came for pregnant man stayed for cake baby
The cake is a lie
I’m loving them trolling QAnon fanatics lol
Not only is he cake, he's Jam Roly Poly
man proved even tho his sound is aggressive in most of his songs, he can also be diverse and practically collab with any artist
very relatable and strong message. felt good after listening
Exit
NOT THE CAKE
huh
my new favourite song, sick!!!!!
damn..James Blake is kid...🤔🗿
song and video is beautiful Bro
me: oh what a funny video thumbnail and concept, this oughta be fun.  me after: i'm not crying, you're crying.
Ok the song was fire and all but how did that cake taste?
reminded Knives out by Radiohead video
Most mind-blowing video of 2020.
Since the start his videos have been on point
Okay I'm scared confused and will never look at a newborn baby the same ever again but I'm watching it again.
Nice
!!
Never thought I would see slowthai in a cardigan
cant believe slowthai's voice can sound so sweet
would love to see the suits' faces when this video got pitched
Bruh, the video director is a don
holt shit wtf
This song is criminally underrated
The perfect collab I didn’t know I needed 👌🏽
rip solomon
What is cake
same shrek and donkey reaction till they saw duloc welcoming presentation
I don't know who this is and why this was recommended to me, I'm completely confused by the video but I do know that there is something good happening on my screen right now
DO NOT CUT YOUR ARMS!  Total fraud guys, no cake anywhere, and now typing is way harder
It’s giving me Aronofsky’s Mother! (2017).
The tru simbology behind this is dark af, keep scrolling
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This sounds so average
cake baby
MUTANT BABY D:
waow is this what men's anxiety dreams are like?
the ending had me cringing heavy
More like slowcake than slowthai
This feels like one of those really weird fever dreams where you wake up and ask yourself wtf is wrong with my brain ? :D
🤦‍♀️☹😠😠
what is going on im so confused
This guy is never serious😂😂😭
How can a music video make me like a song even more and even less at the same time, I’m so confused.
Should have been slowthai all the way
Not seeing any Mount Kimbie comments here. Definitely underrated experimental music. I’d highly recommend.
I mean could anyone really focus on the lyrics in a video like this? Mount Kimbie and James Blake is already a certified banger, but then you add slowthai into the mix 🎇
The cake was a lie
damn his smile is contagious
who else laughing out loud but vibing at the same time
cudi vibes?
Spirit cooking
This visual is absolutely mad!
Can't wait for a new album
I dont get this 🤣
Anyone think this sounds like a shiey song?
This song is hella beautiful ✨
Fakkkkkk this is good 😂😁😁
I’ve listened to this 1000 times and it is 1000 times better than when I first heard it
Wtf
I am looking for a smart ass comment that explains this mess😅
Best Video i see the last years <3 I love it
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥Deeep🔥🔥🔥👍oooooofffff
love it bro
very niiiiice song!
Slowthai: You pregnant Girl: No u
normal.
Keep it coming, this is a dream collab
this song has the biggest leadup towards a beat drop                       and i love it
The video is madness 🤕
Nice switch up of vibe!
Watch it again, the cake is a lie. its everywhere
Life is just a piece of cake...
LETS GOOOOO
Лучшая песня осени! Хоть она поможет пережить это время
Came here for James Blake, I left grossed by the unexpected eating sounds at the end.
You can't have ya cake and eat it to
The cake is a lie
This bangsss, bring out more like this man💯
BEING SLOWTHAI IS A PIECE OF CAKE. STAY HAPPY G
Omg
Had to come back for the chorus been stuck in my head ever since first listening
We’ve been doing childbirth wrong all this time
Psyko Hip hop good i like, Waouhhhhh
best video ive ever seen.
Cake?
Preg guy... what???? Twist 😈
Damn
Sick collab
Ok
очень интересно, но в чем смысл ?
This video is basically one of my weird ass dreams.
So we can eat baby's now great🙋‍♂️
The cake part right here📷🔝👽https://youtu.be/U780bTarKx0
Why
Who else is in the mood to eat a cake?
I'm here for Ben
Can't stop thinking about the cake babe
Dude I’ve been really vibing to this song but holy shit this video is weird
Amazing!!
Songs fire but 😦
Underground music https://soundcloud.com/user-339061425/sets/the100s?ref=clipboard
Unbelievable song
I am seriously concerned
This is brilliant
This song is dedicated to slowthai's brother who passed away at a very young age for those of you who don't know.
https://youtu.be/YqIHz_tEczI
Not too busy trying to touch up woman on live TV then?
everything is cake
SlowThai x ksi collab. Calling it now
brabo kkk
I have been listening to you for a while now and it is so riveting to have seen you grow and to constantly release things I imagine you're so proud of and that never disappoints me, love you thai <3
This song so Flame
This song fye!!!this 🔥🔥🇰🇪
A boy asked a girl in a library, "Do you mind if I sit next to you?" The girl replied with a loud angry voice; "I don't want to spend the night with you !! All the people in the library started looking at the boy and felt embarrassed. After a few minutes the girl walked calmly to the boy's table and said: I study psychology and I know what The man is thinking, I guess you felt embarrassed, huh? The boy replied loudly: $ 300 for one night That's too much! and all the people in the library looked at the girl in shock and the boy he whispered in her ear, "I study laws and I know how to make someone guilty ...     🤭 If you like the comment, please" write "on my channel ... I know I misspelled spelling and grammar 🤗 But YouTube does not allow promotion. ..   Guys I actually need subs to reach 11k subs and 1k likes on any video to get a new pc. Please can u help 🙏
I’ve been going to the wrong bakery
So creative but so weird 😂
do you remember when this guy embarrassed himself at the NME awards for being a misogynist
This video was insane what the fuckkk
Boy this blows my mind
800th comment Bitchs
...ok
Please make more songs like that 🔥
Can someone please help me understand what I just fucking saw 🤯🤯🤯
Wow! - amazing
Be sweet, but not too sweet that they would eat you.
That cardigan is fuckin mint
This on the way to be my favourite song of 2020
if you see it, you see it....
Where is a mazzain song at????... Love dis one dawg doee
Hey Guys, Just released a new podcast episode! Would really help if you guys go check it on my channel!
He’s from Northampton btw
Piper is
Paper work and the information you have sent me in the morning past the date of the of the meeting with at least two weeks notice weeks ago notice of your email address as I have not been able to complete the application form yet as I have been away for the past last couple of days and have been unable to complete the form and have been unable to complete the form and have been unable to complete the the form you I have not been able to get through to you as I am currently working on the application form but and I have attached the full document for with the
This really showcases some of the best of UK talent.
👏👏👏👏 I-D Magazine @frankiedunn - “The track, which features James Blake and Mount Kimbie, is about “the doubts we have, whether it be within friendships, your partner or with our family,” Ty says. “It’s about putting yourself in the other person’s shoes so you have a better understanding of the situation.” Here, he literally puts himself in his partner’s shoes, taking on the physical labour of their pregnancy and finding himself struggling through it. The whole thing is totally surreal, with their fetus singing along to James Blake’s feature, his partner running off with the doctor and the two of them getting married right there and then in his hospital room before slicing Ty up as part of the ceremony because — get this — he’s made of cake. As is the baby, it transpires. You can’t trust anything these days. 👌👌👌👌
Slow Thai is the type of guy no one likes being around after he has had a few too many.
this is some of his best work
I came to watch this vid just to see the birth
Congratulations
Be happy with what youve got, you can't have all the cake.  That was incredible 👏
без чудака в самом начале, чего-то болтающего - вполне годно
Well that was weird!
wow!!! now i'm just waiting for someone smarter than me to comment the symbolic meaning of this entire video
have the beat stuck in my head
You ever watch something and realise you're watching something potentially iconic.
Mother!
Who produced this ?
new music on my channel
I want more songs like Doorman
this shit is wild damnn
I don't need anymore my work thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
dababy
Shout out
This is phenomenal ngl
Very sick love 4 slowthai
The end bit, where someone is eating... painful. Top notch song though!
if you're listening to this,you have a great music taste!🔥 Have a great wonderful day! 🍃🍁
ART
Solomon !
This is everything ❤️
I legit thought it was a 360 vid at the beginning
In a world that keeps disappointing Slowthai never does
Anyone else just have a super super duper fast look at the thumbnail and thought they saw big Jill     Just me??    Ok
FIRE
i’m hungry now
❤️
Once you find out the meaning behind this it gives you a whole new perspective on the video quite sad but beautiful at the same time
Banger
Mount kimbie goated
Mother!
All of slowthai music videos are bonkers
Always wanted a mount kimbie and slowthai collab. Dream come true
Why did I make cake eating noises at the end too?
The video starts in a waiting a room where slowthai is waiting with someone else who is pregnant. Perhaps this is a reference to how he started out making music? He wasn't really into and other kinda guided him and showed him he had something... Obviously this explains why slowthai becomes pregnant. You know never as an underground rapper what can happen when you go mainstream. Perhaps slowthai didn't anticipate to reach the heights he's reached in such quick succession. Towards the end of the video you see slowthai giving birth. As disturbing as it is, it is more disturbing as everyone's dancing and partying while slowthai is literally the butt of the party, in that he is the cake and people are taking bites out of him. This is a thought provoking piece of work. I like that slowthai is still using music to share his state of mind. Idk though I'm probably very incorrect but I like this video fr
Baby cake, no eats to the sleepings, more eats to the nights fucking nightmare's.
I dont know what I watched
IT MAKES ME SICK TO THINK YOU AIN'T HAPPY IN YOUR SKIN
RIP slowthai's lil bro! 🙏🏾
Great melody and vibes🔥
written by Charlie Kaufman
[slowthai:] We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmallows and a chocolate flake You felt low, I took you higher than a note from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call me a liar Want a bun up in the oven Tryna trap me in barbed wire, put a baby in your stomach If that's what you desire  Desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire  Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Feel away) But truthfully, it hurt what you could've been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (Feel away) But truthfully, it hurt what you could've been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (Feel away)  [James Blake:] This time I (This time) This time I (I feel away, this time) This time I (This time I'm thinkin') This time I (I feel away) This time I have one hand free (Feel away) This has nothing to do with me (Nothing, nothing)  I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could have lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like love (Feel like) I feel safe, I feel safe This time I, this time we'll be too scared Or bein' to fear This time I, this time will, hope this shouldn't end  [slowthai:] Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, it hurt what you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me It's not you, so I guess it's me Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, it hurt what you could've been It's not you, so I guess it's me  Dream, come and rescue me See me there, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love
i showed slowthai this video   he's pregnant now
❤️🕊🙏🏽
Круто
excuse me sir?????
Slowthai has been hiding for all of these years that he's been a cake   I knew all along
nightmare
Asap 🔥💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽
Felt like a 4 minute David lynch film
Is that bird the one from the speed dating thing with chunkz, fili and ksi? Sneakydem
This is sick  As in makes me want to puke .
Fell in love with this song
This guy is twisted and he knows it
Why is the baby cake crunchy?
sure but babies don't stay in stomach
What a tune yet again
REMIND ME OF LIL PEEP
JustinBieber/edsheeran/Selenagomaz/Charlie puth and many more other mashup song 2020 https://youtu.be/tYLKTaA6vH8
This was so fun to watch,
https://youtu.be/jHb6LMfgexo
Someone explain the meaning of this song and video
Madness 🙈🙈
slowthai making that cake
SLOWTHAI IS A CAKE NOOOOOOO
Am so confused. What is this song about
James Blake and slowthai? Not complaining
did he taste good tho
Another good song
James fucKing Blake
*For the 3% of you reading this I hope you become successful in everything you dream of and accomplish more than you imagine. I’m a music producer from Romania. I aspire to make it out 😌*
It’s all cake? All ways has been
Slowthai AND James blake! The crossover we needed 🔥
It feels like something joji made
Why’s this only got 99k
First actual song from Slow Thai I'm listening too. It's truly a beautiful entry into his music
The pregnancy is disturbing. The song is amazing though.
big ups heavy beat
Free yourself from the maze.
Why they have to eat the baby thoo, great Song !!!
If this isn't a accurate representation of my nightmares then i don't know what is
Something satanic about this
that was FANTASTIC
Sick vedio maaann❤️❤️❤️
yummy yummy
You are a real doll
Wild video
❤❤
This is insane. So much to disect
look like a nightmare i can have
this is so insane! damn goooood
Director : the clip's gonna be a piece of art  Slowthai : the clip's gonna be a piece of cake
Mother reference
Спасибо Кате Кищук за нового исполнителя в плейлисте❣
i just want this man to be able to come back to melbourne so he can spit in my mouth :,)
LIKE IF A$AP ROCKY SENT YOU🔥
slowthai has the best music videos in the game, and it's not even close
damn that baby really singing
this is the dogs bollocks!
Rest in power, Micheal ❤️
Thai never disssapoints
thanks i miss him now
What a Brilliant Music Video.
Rest in peace❤️
Cool af
Great track. Dude is versatile af.
rewatched the video, is the cake he's eating in the beginning part of him or is it just normal cake / I need answers
R.I.P
Baby James Blake
I like all Slowthai but this mood is my favorite kind  P.s. the ending made me cringe. That was uncomfortable
Just cake.
Everything is cake  Even slowthai
❤❤❤❤❤
RIP❤️
Cant have your cake and eat it too
hate it and love it
disturbed but i like the sound
is it real?
im over here studying obstetric nursing and watching this. im learning a lot.
СЛОУТАЙ КАК ЖЕ Я ТЯ ЛЮБЛЮ. AWESOME !
this is beautiful
This is disturbing
brohwhat did iwatch lol amazing
Bro slowthai your next level. Mad respect brother
i think this song shows how Hollywood parties are the satanic shit like human sacrifise
this is some marina abramovic shit.. straight illuminati directing this shit.. sad to see
What’s the name of the ASICS he has on
❤️👌
God almighty thai’s MVs never miss man.
Thanks
a collab i didn’t know i needed until now. i just know the next album is going to be insaaane.
wait, it's all cake?
Good vid concept, influenced by last scene in the film 'Mother' definitely
Oh to carry slowthai's baby child
I just watched this video all day, it was a great day
slowthai knows women don't make babies in their stomachs right?
this is amazing
This made me feel a weird type of way, Slowthai is really in his own league wow
Why do I always leave Slowthai’a two minutes videos feeling like I’ve just sat through a two hour movie that left me feeling like I just lived two decades in someone else’s life?  Edit: also this song is fucking A
This made me feel so many things
Slowthai really taking the it's all cake meme to the next level here
The final part is something special.
Ппц🤦‍♂️😂
Slowthai is the best artist out right now
3:22 gives me howtobasic vibes
LETAL
I wonder if this is about one of his ex gf, and she had an abortion with his child  But he regrets it so much he made this  video thinking about it  And maybe him getting eaten away at the end is the thought of him and her having the baby disappearing  Edit: obviously her getting with another man probably happened aswell
When that random guy walked in and ate their baby I felt that
Never went from loving a girl to hating her that fast 😂
loving it
GOAT BOYZZZZ
The ending is a great asmr
I fuckin love this song Thai omg
Wear were the gender reveal forest fires, I'm so confused
James vocals absolutely flawless
huh?
This is the slow Thai we love such a good tune bro
"Slowthai is cake?" "Always has been."
slowthais facial expressions are the best part about. He always like an excited ass kid.
Gonna be a top 5 artist of this decade. Been solid for the past couple already and mainstream popularity is creeping in!
The next step
Rest up Micheal, Peace, love and guidance to you all
This video makes me more anxious than drugs.
Name 1 other artist that hits this hard on both emotional , ‘in ur feels’ type beats as well as the heavy hitting , ‘get you grooving’ type beats. W/o a doubt, the voice of this generation, the voice of this nation and the only voice willing to start a conversation.
crazeh good!
yo the symbolism in this in on another level
Beautiful! 💙🌈
Perrote loco 🤣💙
Nobody :  HowToBasic at the end :
1:16 why does he walk like mrs brown uno
this is already the most epic video of 2020 and im not even 2 minutes in
Beautiful
lol
slowthai mpreg moments
Shit kray kray
Uh... ok but WTF?
Sh!t 🔥🔥
Fire song, listened to it multiple times already, video fire, slowthai is going to do big things now he’s with awge mark my words
Man be killing the beat and visuals like always
the best way to describe this music video is "uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh                                             ok"
Wow
Hard hard hard
Hard alottttt
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
King
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
God bless
Nice
The first verse man, it’s beautiful
Music video represents 2020
looks like a clip Radiohead - Knives out
OF COURSE!!!!!!!! IT WAS FUCKING CAKE!!!!!!!
loved this ❤️🕊
ITS SO GOOOD
I like how YT welcome me after work with cake
Came to see the pregnant boi stayed for the cake. sick song !
Slowthai going UP Up on the music game. Man already getting them satanic Illuminati adrenochrome vibez. No wonder fame knocking on the doo'  Sad af good áudio but its a Nope from me sad AF
Slowthai the type of guy to eat his baby that’s been alive for a couple of hours
everything is a cake now, even slowthai. my life is a lie
This video makes me feel away
this reminds me of the movie ‘mother’
Nice 🍰
Когда замутил с русской бабой
underrated!
Insane song and video as always 💓
This guy has some great music videos!
Feature was so shit :(
dang that doctor hot tho
ahahahahahah
daddy slowthai
Коротко о моих снах
[Verse 1: slowthai] We don't go on dates, we went our separate ways And we don't conversate, she said I'm playin' games She said she feels trapped, stuck up in this fuckin' maze How you been? I been better than yesterday And it was just a day, you know I don't complain Standin' in the rain, soakin' wet tryna demonstrate That I don't feel a way, I never hesitate What's on your mind? Can you say what you're thinkin', babe? I'm too short for my pockets, no, that's bollocks Walkin' through my mind, it's a forest, don't get lost again Said you want a cottage with the fireplace Sittin' by the fire with marshmellows and a chocolate flake You felt low, I took you higher than a notе from Mariah And still you got the cheek to even try and call mе a liar Want a bun up in the oven Tryna trap me in  barbedwire  put a baby in your stomach If that's what you desire  [Pre-Chorus: slowthai] Desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire, desire Feel away, desire, desire, desire  [Chorus: slowthai] Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away) Suddenly not half the man I used to be (feel away) But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me (feel away)  [Bridge: James Blake] This time I (This time) This time I (I feel away, this time) This time I (This time I'm thinkin') This time I (I feel away) This time I have one hand free (Feel away) This has nothing to do with me (Nothing, nothing)  [Verse 2: James Blake] I leave the dent in my car To remind me what I could have lost And you revealed who you are So this doesn't feel like love (Feel like) I feel safe, I feel safe This time I, this time we'll be too scared Or bein' to fear This time I, this time will, hope this shouldn't end  [Chorus: slowthai] Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me It's not you, so I guess it's me Suddenly not half the man I used to be But truthfully, ain’t half the bitch you could’ve been (Feel away) It's not you, so I guess it's me  [Outro] Dream, come and rescue me See me there, see me down Take me anywhere, I come to you with love
So good nglll
Slowthai is not a danger, slowthai is cake
This song is amazing my dude! Thank you for your great music. RIP to your brother ❤️ much love
The “this video is cannot be accessed from your country” part really bops!
BABYCAKES!
❤️😢🙌
Slowthai made me cry again 😢
Good song but this video is dumb af, truly doesn't do justice to a great ft wasting all the production into a extremely forgettable trend/meme
woøw
❤️
so it really is all cake after all
quaratine got my man eating babies n shit
wow. fire
featuring howtobasic at the end
the babie is cake as well lmao
Has the creativity of Polaroid with some meaning behind it ✅ bangin to have you back Thai ♥️
I knew he was a cake
Video feels like a new version of radiohead - knives out without biting
How does Thai always manage to make the sickest videos?
wtf slowthai is cake??!!
definitely gonna blow up
Yes man. BEST WHITE BOY IN THE UK 🇬🇧
slowthai delivers as always , beat is smooth af too tho
Moral of the story  Everything's cake
Damn he can pull off any music genre
I fookin love youuuuuu
This fire
is that fka twigs?
ITS ALL CAKE
Beautiful
So nice
its all a cake. everything is cake
I love Slowthai
Mad video absolutely mint blad. Big man ting
🍎
Sheeeeshhhh
Rest In Peace Michael ❤
fucking genius
Thai’s videos are always top draw
Just fucking outstanding
I love the crew credits in the description.
This felt like a how to basic video
bro fire! Couldnt even follow the music first watch... but on repeat now
The longer the video went on, the crazier it got. I love the creativity.
💛
slowthais videos are always a pleasure to watch
It's always been cake
So basically cake is bad for you
is this video implying slowthai is expecting a baby??!
That was sick!
S I C K
The cake is a lie!
hungry for more!
The video got me feeling all types of ways
I want what Slowthai is smoking, lol
one of the best music videos of the year so far
Songs good the video is fuck
Bro Slowthai off a bean in the maternity ward
вкид плотный
Slowthai é MARAVILHOSO MANO
This song be giving me toaster, gorgeous and ladies vibes :))))))))))9
slwothai was cake all along
Some kanye shit
This is one of the most creative music videos of 2020! Amazing work
That it well different then the rest of your music man, keep at it,  progress and move forward bruva xoxo
Still is a special song
I fucking love this! Song and video! Can’t wait to hear more from Slowthai
what drugs did you take to make this vid lmao banger song tho
need a full mount kimbie produced thai album
i'm so mad i read the comments before finishing the video.
Slowthai is the future and the present of music!
TOP TIER COLLAB
Exactly !! 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
THE CAKE
MAADDDDD!!!
Interesting video lmao
Slowthai watched too many realistic cake videos for the idea of this video
This some Illuminati ass shit  Nice song tho
:)
Oh no even Thai is cake now!...Nooo not the fucking baby cmoooon man.
что я только что посмотрел ?
Feel like I’m lost on Shrooms
who's here from asap rockys story on IG?
🥵🥵
Damn
mother! vibes
trippy music video and sick song🔥
Wait, is slowthai actually... CAKE?
Much love❤️
Yoshi in shambles. Don't eat the baby.
this is the most chaotic video I've ever seen in my life
No way how is cake
Everything is cake
It is all cake
the cake part bruh good song
I needed this today
Just heard this on Radio 1 coming home from Northampton :)
please make a remix, james blake belongs in a church choir
what a well made music vid
This shit so hard
spirit cooking
Slowthai never made a bad song
wow! this video is amazing
I can have my cake and eat it too
Feels weird to see people in a waiting room not wearing masks
WOW
Fly high little guy🍎🙏🏻🌍
Dis was heat and it was crazy to hear a different side of dis foo
theres a lot goin on but i lost it when the baby blake began to sing.  thanks for pushin boundaries
slowthai is too versatile and talented i'm so pained that enough people don't know about him where i'm from
Nightmare fuel
I LOVEEBENEJSNSJ
BANGER BANGER BANGEEEER
wonder if i’m the only aussie watchin this shit at 4am LMAO
U got any ziggys?
This made more sense than Bojo
came from asap rockys insta story
The ending really ruined it. I dont want to hear disgusting chewing in my ear. Never going to watch it again.
you can't have your cake and eat it too
the camera work in this is just phenomenal! peep the smooth ass perceptive swap at 2:30 !!!!
Fuckin tune Rest in power Micheal ❤️
Beat is serious
Another good song by Slowthai. Album soon? 👀🔥
New slowthai? Something we love to see
This is what my dreams look like
Oh my days ! Mount Kimble 😭♥️
why did this make me cry? Who knew smushing a cake baby's face could get me so emotional?
Wake up babe new slowthai
Lmfao people like "woooah this shit goes hard lol i havent heard it yet!!"
The Song is 10x better without the video lol
RIP
2:38 SLOWTHAI WAS CAKE THIS ENTIRE TIME!
There is a valuable lessons here that someone else is gonna figure out🤔
this is a banger and i've heard it
fuckkkk even slow is made out of cake 🤯
🔥
WOW. JUST... WOW
the cake is a lie
slowthai is cake.
this video is trippy as fuck and as a bonus its a sick song
Cake Baby
Holy crap dude. Fire.
Certified track I’ll be bumping non stop for some time!
Rest in power Micheal🕊🕊❤️
Everything is cake
Just became my favourite song that he has made, just to feel something, I can feel what he is feeling missing someone, he misses his brother and I miss my father
Damn I was high while watching this, and I saw slowthai givin a birth while being a cake... Interesting how this video looks when u sober...
Who else came from asap rocky's story.😂
🍎🍎🍎
Creative asf
Flames 🔥
James Blake >
Need mazza to come out on the album. AWGE need to direct the video
This is such a vibe
Este es el comentario en español que estabas buscando
Ok 2020 you win 🤪
Yeah, hip hop’s a mountain 😎
Это же парень кищук
🔥
Dedicated to his brother who died at birth
🍎
Goats
hahahah  )    dope
Wtf was then ending to that vid
Кто от ASAP?
💽👄💽
Nothing but pain
i can't describe how much love i got for slowthai, james blake and mount kimbie and now they all created a masterpiece together.. i'm fucking crazy in LOVE yoooo <3
🤩🤩🤩🔥🔥🔥
Beautiful song, beautiful visuals, rest in power Michael ❤️
That was bizarre but incredibly beautiful.
pushes out baby *still has baby bump*
❤❤❤
Ok. I’ll return when I’m high
Ааааааааааа😍❤🤪
Bruh why is everything in this video cale
I don’t know what I just saw, but it’s fucking awesome
Imma need a whole James Blake Version
Hello from Ukraine!  I would very much like you to visit our country someday and give a concert. You have a lot of fans here. The video cool af! As all your videos, actually. You're very talented person and I wish the best for you in your life path) P.S: James Blake's voice is amazing)
Pregnant slowthai is possibly the most distressing thing ever, thank god we've got James Blake & Mount Kimbie to help us through this difficult time 🍎
Knew he was going to blow up when I first seen him live in  Newcastle.. Destroyed the stage
🍎🍎🇨🇱
🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎
This just dropped already a classic.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN ?
Immense
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
oh my god.... i stg i recognise the doctor from a male pattern baldness advert i keep getting
So he was cake the whole time...   should've known.
SLOWTHAI CAKE SLOWTHAI CAKE
This was an incredible project to be part of but I ate enough cake to last a life time
The mans an artist
Drop the album already!!
This man can turn any vibe into a song a make it a banger 🔥
Not feeling this one
i miss my bro aswell what a banger
It’s all cake?
Weirdest episode of peep show ever
WTF
Where did man get the cheese cake from tho🤣
what the hell
Wheres your next album????
Wow! It's amazing!
Just got introduced to this guy him,his fire
RIP🍎❤️🌍
Am I a cake?
Rest in Power, Micheal ♥️
Nice one Tyron
fuckin hell,  the visuals never miss
this man is making me wanna be happy
even slowthai is cake
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Beautiful
Banger
Can somebody try to break this down for me?
Fastthai
video is a fever dream
🍎🍎🍎 like so Ty can see 🍎🍎🍎
Britain's finest all in one track
Just a matter of time before Tyron is legendary...
I don't understand anything in this video 🤣🤣
🍎🍎🍎🍎🍏🍏🍏🍏🍎🍎🍎🍎 apples for days red green apples for days
Eat more roughage young man, you're looking bloated.
Who else clocked the Mariah Carey 'Dreamlover' sample
maddness
Well I think it's safe to say this was not the strangest video I've ever seen
I LOVE SLOWTHAI SO MUCH
4284th
Classic
Tune mate
Hahaha first
James Blake AND slowthai?!??!! Fuck yes
GO BESTFRIEND
🍎 🍎
cmonnnnnn sonnnnyyy fuking lit
slowthai is a proper sex pest
First of all, he was doing bits for the Northampton scene, now he’s doing bits for the UK’s scene. 💯
кто тут из за Кати??
Absolute banger
Director : It's all cake? Slowthai : Always has been.
Video of the year
i guess slowthai was cake all along
ЛУЧШИЙ
slowthai a mad genius
oh shit hes improving more and more what a madlad
Wow this video is fucking incredible bruv
Slowthai does it like nobody else does
No one: This music video: "I may not work in a bakery but I do love caaaaake"
EVERYTHING IS CAKE
finally the belly will make sense I hope it scared me ngl  edit: he ate a baby I'm more scared now
pregnancy fit! very comfy >.<
Contempory
🍎
HE’S CAKE!!!!!
The test isn't that confusing.....  The test:
LeVeLZ
EVERYTHINGS A CAKE
i think slowthai being pregnant then a cake then giving birth to a baby cake is a metaphor of something
slowthai built with the aimbot he can't miss
dreamlover, come rescue me
I MISSED YOU MY KING
Banger
🍎🍎🍎
SO GOOD!
Slowthai is... cake??
Slowtahi rompiendola!  I understand the messenge. It's interesting. ❤
What the fuck was that video fam?
Тайрон ты крут !
rip to thai's little brother
This song is missing a second and third verse, it got boring half way through with the dude singing
His smile fits perfectly with this beat, love it
Back again woohoo, they tried to cancel ya for ya antics last year pff, neva
Cake is cake 🤷🏽‍♂️
I have never been so confused at a video in my life     HIS ARM WAS A FUCKING CAKE
This music video is by far one of the best to come out of 2020
Wait?  Did Slowthai just give birth to a James Blake baby cake? Bruh.
wait slowthai is a cake too??
RIP
🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎
Random fact: James Blake is 1.96m, that's some NBA shit 😲
pizzagate?
:)
Music videos gonna be on all da pizza gate conspiracy theory channels after eating that baby😂
Man, you’re videos are always so 🔥🔥🔥 Best in the game!
Goat
best song of the new singles
obviously this is jojo reference
yes
GOAT
beautiful
♥️
certified banger
The editing. Holy fuck!
Wow watching it again you see the pure genius of this video
Absolute brilliant
SLOWCAKE
Uploaded 8 mins ago but comments from a day ago. Huh
Bruh.
so fire
Hard
Wtf did I watch
Ngl, the song is quite sad
Sickest video I've seen this year, along with Flatbush ZOMBIES 'Afterlife'
bayi
Wait, Slowthai is cake? Always has been.  *bang*
Damn ngl cake lookin good
This is plot twist in “My High (Music Video)”
Omg
Slowthai cake for my birthday please
HE'S TOTALLY A CAKE
DAMN!!! This touched me differently 🖤🔥🔥🔥
Crap like all his music puts our post code  nn3 to shame
Yes Thai! 👊🏽 Sufficiently odd, even for me bro 👽
Mate...woow
The weirdness of it all was really the icing on the cake
Moving
Why does the baby crunch
slowthai confirmed that everything is in fact cake.
This is so sad but happy but disgusting but beautiful but disturbing all at once
we love u ty
I have no clue what’s going on but it’s bangs either way.
Jeffrey Dahmer ass video bruh
Looks like the everything is cake trend got to slowthai
😀
Cake baby
Man I cried!
its all cake
"The test isnt that confusing" The test:
Nothing is real it’s all cake
SLOWTHAI IS CAKE
Oh my what a banger
Everything is cake
VRO THAT WAS FUCKIN SICK
❤️😔
IT'S ALL CAKE
This guy does not miss
the ending reminds of the tuesday video.
the kinda dreams you get in your afternoon naps
When you watch too much cake looking like real things videos
slowthai took the kids.
Wow this is sad
first listen, and i fucking love it. slowthai doesn’t miss
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thanks for the great new music 🎶 Love this 🔥. Such a weird music video. 😄 Great though.
🔥🔥🔥
Slowthai always been the realest, his music makes me smile
goddamn it’s amazing
5 seconds til it starts and i know it’s gonna be a bop, slowthai & james blake perfect combo 😍
🤯🤯🤯
Who was here to watch the live countdown to the premiere?
Love slowthai!!!
PREGGERS SLOWTHAI, CAKE SLOWTHAI, CAKE BABY, i'm having nightmares
👀
R Skid
Fkn greased
YEIIII
TYRONE FOR PM
🍎🍎🍎
This song reminds me of MC SMOOK - Wasser ohne Sprudel
anyone else waiting for this to premiere
Thai continues to prove how incredibly talented he is
big up T
Slowthai's supposed to be reading the comments so HEYYYY Tyron sending you much love from Asia and Saudi Arabia precisely <3
slowthaiiiiiii ur the fucking goat
Check slowthai 's last insta Post
I love your music. I'm excited to hear a song dedicated to your emotions. You always manage to get some subtle emotion across but this is raw emotion and me and your other fans should feel lucky you're sharing something so personal.
hi this is exciting
The caribbean in di house
Oh yeah
About thaim
😱
Hyped to see new slowthai tune coming iur way...yeyeyeyeye
🍎 🍏 🍎
Smashed like before I’ve even heard the track
🍎
Looking forward to this. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Ahhhh shiiiiiiieeettt
get hype
Algún día te veré y escucharé en vivo
No me hagas un rosalia jamesito
Blake with zombies now slowthai??!! This is amazing
:0
Slowthai your the apple of the musical eye.. running dry... getting high  bring it all to the table Busted cables Ninja fables  Paint it on a new record label...  Inspiring and able to commit to the process,that unfolds all the doses... Sermonise  the term of lies. Be bop a stupor  Riding on Jupiter  Pop a  Lupa In the eye... As your going to be listening to the man like  Slowthia..... ❤️
Gonna be a banger. love man keep the good good coming.
This is a banger and ive not even heard it yet
Cheers, Nan's gurning now
🍊
New slowthai is always a must have
This song makes me want to RKO my Nan and I haven’t even listened to it yet     Now I have listened I want to hug her instead
Верни Катюшу
Finally more slowthai music!
(:̲̅:̲̅:̲̅[̲̅:♡:]̲̅:̲̅:̲̅:̲̅)
Head said 🍎
🍎
Gonna be another certified bop
🍎
🍎
