Its crazy how cracked baus is, yet they destroyed his play style which he's the only one who was doing lol, classic riot. Rip baus challenger status, your mechanics and niche play style will always be challenger in my eyes
ok where is the point? push 2 lanes have 300 cs and still lose a game??:Dd i mean low elo players know when its lost and not spending more time on “lost game” its great example to other peoples to ff if your team sucks lmao
Well you drained Gold and exp from your team, no shit that they had hard Time fighting vs asol who had free stacks on you during laning phase
this game shows how all games could be. nobody is talking toxic shit in the chat. everybody just playing the game and focus. all of them understand that mistakes can happen or somebody is playing a different playstyle as usually, but still playing for win. would be wonderful if i  always could play such games.
Silver plus people like i know somethink is wrong but i dont know what to do with it Lmao so stfu 100% of the time just free handing the entire game
took me a while to notice he wasn't playing, even though the camera was reversed when he lfited up his right arm and still clicked around lol  anyways, asol got his stacks well fed, baus didn't know about E giving stacks for staying on it
Ооо, ананасик был против легенды😢
literal flame horizon lmao 15:25
I just realized in the bottom left corner there is an Easter egg jajaja
i am a low elo noob, but i dont think that having 2 solo leaners is a good strategy (generally speaking)
14cs per min is fucking crazy
focus on feeding and you win games
So u showing us how to not play the game or something xd u lost lol
It's been 87 years since he mentioned the legend, the myth, the ultimate league of legends guide. I have no longer the strength to wait for the so called guide. Commoners begin to speculate wether or not it was real all along. It won't be long until it becomes but a myth, a common tale told from generation to generation.
Still no vid
wait what, this is the example he chose where he gets really ahead with cs and kills and gold and then loses okay
1:24 Enemy Gragas name😂  Russian word in latin letters.  It means "small pineapple" in Russian.
when will the guide be out
Your point about low elo being toxic af is so true. Im gold, and as soon as people start typing wildly i just mute all. I dont understand why people hesitate to mute. It makes life so peaceful, and i truly believe its beneficial for performance.
so thats the key to succes just avg 4 games every game
You will realise this guy is a disgusting griefer haha
I am deeply impressed with people that make it to challenger, what I am even more impressed by is how these people have the mental to play league THAT much.
I would really enjoy more videos like this one man, keep it up <3
Yo I love these non stream vids, I actually learn a lot about macro/sion tips when you have time to explain. ty!
you are one of the worst things to happen to the game since t1
"my team was terrible" talking about an all challenger team
you denied a lot of rescource of you'r team and din't carry, bit sad ;(
Gz Babus ❤
Baus we need more of this
You are a monster! Great video! I think I will start playing pushing topliners like Sion/Nasus/Singed or even Yorick
Malice is a beast
7:35 how the fk you play and your hands off the keyboard and mouse ?
ok, i love the bauss and all, but there is no way this is his account, first of all, his cursor placement is no where near his own champion when he plays, but now all of a sudden it is on his own champ's feet, and he has legacy cursor on, which he never had on before, plus color blind mode, and the fact that he streams for so long every day and still have enough time to get rank 25, off stream, is kind of crazy. Also at 7:00 when he says don't greed for the wave, he would always do that, and he also has no lumberjack sion on either. Now, once again, I LOVE THE BAUSS, he is my idol, and im probably wrong, but, yk
1:27 Baus is too funny, what a great guy
omg in the shat
Looking forward to the guide, be interesting to see if I haven't figured something out yet.
Rank 25 is pretty good imo. But that adc guy was up there when you upload the video. So no shot you going to out throne him. Goob job tho
AYEE I SEE SLICK RICK ON THE SPOTIFY I can appreciate that absolutely
This is amazing
this game was so winnable
Loving that babus genuinely wants to help people get better because challenger is too easy for him
О, родной ахахасик на пузатом)
It pains me to see him stand in asol abilities feeding him the stacks that he needs 😅
i say u r the most intelligent in world player always root for u
You make me want to main Sion
baus is the only LoL player that i dont find boring to watch
I appreciate this video a lot, I've steadily climbed a division each season I've started playing (this season I'm trying to break into diamond peaked last season at P1 90 LP). When he said to notice the small things like the plant timer and jungle catching wave those little things really make a difference. It is easier (less time consuming*) to have someone show you these small things rather than figure them out yourself.
GG
deixei o like, porquê realmente ele demonstrou boa postura, apesar dos apesares.
Bruh this was a pre-recorded vid xD Didn't realise at all XD
Там ананасик на грагасе?
Damn baus. I was truly believing that your goal was unreachable. After I saw this video I must admit that you are the best toplaner of League.   Also very smart that your streaming account is master tier on purpose! 😮  I’m trying to climb out of silver and you ‘randomly’ get challanger 😂😂
Please upload more!!!!
good vid do more like this :) keep it up
My guy dont mistake me, i love ur streams, ur vids , but lets be honest. Your team was fighing 4v5 all the time, cause u were pushing / farming side lanes. Thats why u are calling them bad, cause they lost 4v5 fights ? Makes some sense, it was clearly ur faulth this game. They was terrible cause lost 5v4 ? Seems fair
Babuuuus
His comments on low elo mechanics is the funniest shit ever to me cause I’ve always said something similar. Iron-gold climb requires mechanics Plat-Challenger requires various levels of macro knowledge and experience depending on how high up into the climb you go
how did he use abilitys when one of his hands sometimes both where on his head while doing combos XD
babus best players inshallah
Great Job Thebauffs! That’s still awesome
This was great
"little bit"
L
finally I found the excuse why I stuck low-elo: my game to game ratio is 1:1, no matter how hard I try (10:06)
Midbeast cosplay was perfect Need to start the vid watching something completely unrelated next time 😂
I wonder where he would have been if people didn't expose the snail eggs account.
I legit saw Horse Tongue at #13 once. NO lies.
Love you baus
please more like this babus!!!!!!!!!!! its awesome
U didn’t even win u invested all that gold on to u left ur team to dead u have good tips but ur macro is terrible and u don’t help ur team even in high elo cuz sharing gold with teammates with kill my sion iron mid is way better than urs. I gank kill counter enemy jungler and do better ironically my low elo mid sion is smarter and mechanically better and macro as well lmao EU is funny compared to NA iron hell
U just said high elo players have better macro agreed yet didn’t know you had dragons bro ur like the meme more meme when I play wild rift and had weird jg strats tactics lol
3 things 1. If u take the money most ur the strongest and selfish leaving ur teammates harder to win team fights. 2. Honestly bro ur tips r good but I don’t agree with u at 17 mins. In low elo yes ppl type and ping but in high elo bro they r tilted inside they probably muted themselves or discipline to not get tilted even when it’s tilting ur taking their waves esp ur carries. 3 nothing against u I been doing sion mid making it work the roam and ganks are nice with ult winning more in low elo playing sion mid then carrying with all obj as junglers because laners don’t fking listen even when they make the same mistake over and over. So basically ur just 50/50 bull shitting ur teammates for ur own gain saying they will not need any gold cuz u will be a carry to 1vs5 so they can push other lanes. Ironically in some situations or pro play everything is team commitment so with good macro and set up ur strategy would only work with morons or ppl with terrible macro or their comp doesn’t counter you.
I love you Baus ♥
wait so all this to watch u lose lolol
In platinum people ping me and say that I lost the game because I had ghost instead of heal as a ADC
I feel like you’d love playing trist.. I play every game like this just flying though waves and jumping around to farm.
Pretty nice strat man
If this guy can do it everyone definitely can do it💯💯
how can u not like this guy
Love the different take on the game
Enjoyed you tkaing the time to try and give us tips in any way, there are so many challengers who charge for tips and you're doing it for free. Appreciate you and thanks baussss
Nice bro keep it up
3:20 there's actually a brazilian player called lord semi who caught 1000+ lp in br and challenger in korea who is a rammus opt, plays zacs when they target ban him
Good player bad caster
12:35 Babus: "What is that: 12 csm? I don't really know math... 11 csm?"    *The sponsor Blitz app on the corner:* 💀💀💀💀💀
Made my day bro this day is my birthday. Love you babaus <3!!
RUM 3:44
Lmao how you begin by saying all the big names of your team and the opposite team and at the end you go and say they were terrible this game ^^ It was nice seeing you try to carry from above but I believe you're actually more a menace when you look like you are behind but you're actually super fed
baus, you should play Yorick. pleeeeeeassse.
Balls on on stream is inting by not covering minimap or sth. OFF STREAM HE'S THE BEAST!
nice climb, baus! I would love to see a Gragas guide from you too. your bomba is simply different. I like your sion play a lot, but your gragas is what got me into your channel in the first place. your content is unmatched.
That video was quite different from the usual ones and I think it was great, your commentary was so chill, really nice and I learned some interesting things
It's crazy how passionate he still is about the game after such a long time playing it
Baus & Malice, it's the herbivore boys duo
Me thinking he was actually playing
"low elo laning is not bad" copium.
Ананасик лучший!
Elo boosted
LOVE THIS STUFF GOOD VIDEO 🤩
I actually really liked this kind of video
best inter in entire league
we dont want chat .. this is amazing video
gj man
how did he record the games? Looks pretty good quality
Please give me the stuff none was talking about 😍
omg you said "dont over greed for the wave"... what have you become?
272 cs in 20 minutes in a challenger game wtfff my jaw is on the floor
THIS ONE GOES FOR NEMESIS, I ALWAYS BELIEVED IN BAUS
Well played to this Baus!
philip amthor
Respect to baus because no one is able to copy his technique and skill. He is the the int carry
did he contact with the true owner and buy it with big money for reputation ?
not midbeast haHAA
Can't wait for the guide with general tips!
"and yeah i'm stupid" 😂
Good guide ad, i wanna see it now
Can't wait to have more fanboys ruining my game now
By far my favorite video that’s been released on this channel. It was really entertaining to watch you break down your gameplay and get sidetracked a little and talk about just whatever. Learned a decent amount from it too. Great content!!
I have some problems after Laning phase, my jungle or support usually take minion from my lane, and make me fall behind, so how can I deal with that.
Id like to know his thoughts on Heartsteel top and why he doesnt play it
270 cs at 20 mins WTF
Literal - First time commentor - I strongly prefer these video where I can see what TheBaussffs does and how he implements his playstyle. Strictly speaking about how he utilizes and stresses the importance of farm (gaining more gold) than the opponent. Likely will be buried, but please Baus do more of this. Very entertaining and educational.
Baus complimenting himself is probably one of the happiest thing I saw today.
This Guy is genuinly happy, and share his hapiness and tips. Wp, be proud, you needed it for you not to show anyone at first. It s your victory, and WE re happy to see so hyped by sharing what you learned.
nice video
Can we appreciate jax on 8:40 that he played perfectly
Doesn’t help team in fights, super high cs, somewhat selfish play style WAIT BAUS=CHOVY? 😱😱
Oh my god, what a disgusting tank abuser 🤮
Not ego player btw
if i would play like that in gold, my team would just ff 4/1 and there is nothing i can do about that XD
I love so much his "oi oi"
Pls give clear concise dialog on your new guide Baus. And spend some time acknowledging to yourself all the fans that you bring joy to. We are here. You’ve built a career on your fans, not on your trolls. Pls remember this, and ignore those that try to get under your skin.
I know you're never gonna do it because of sunk cost fallacy this and that, but watching you try dota where people apply your concepts regularly would be interesting
Baus - I had a full challenger team. Also Baus - my team was was really bad 🤣🤣
9;53 how Is he moving AND using abilities with only 1 hand?
honesty tho maybe its just kinda worth it to not stream and make youtube videos at this point i know its not as good but at this point player give up too much to stream it
Same game as my usuals. Im getting farm, towers, inhibs, pings, threats, probably reports after game and a Defeat title at the end. I think the big difference is not the elo (only). Baus, you enjoy all this and can laugh on them still. But I cant. I hate stupidity.
boosted gameplay and commentary
Not that anyone will care but I actually coined the rammus top lane pick people may have done it in earlier seasons before he was decided to be a jungler but I was the first to really main it but after the conq changes and the rework to me the strat was dead and I'm just really happy that baus brings it back with his own style
Link for the GUIDE PASTE HERE!
Your content has been a true inspiration to me and I want to express my gratitude for the effort you put into producing it because now i know how much time and effort it takes. You have played a significant role in my decision to start my own YouTube channel thank you  ❤🙏
Sir Baus, why does no one ping wards? I instantly ping them and by that i mean instantly. Whenever i see a ward on map, i ping in 0.1 second from map first, then look there directly and ping again just to make sure. I think this mechanic is absurd but no one is using it
Once prowler’s gone R1 will be a lot harder.
You need to make a Vi mid guide... from that one time you tried it 😀
I feel like u take it to heart every time someone roasts u bro who cares
<3
intro this
Looking forward to the sequel of the guide, we love you Baus
the cap in 25 to 1 is so fucking huge so basicly it was not even that close
Using a grief loss as an example KEKW
The real "we chilling guys"
zedxsmurf is batter than you
just keep trying ! i m sure u can do it !
Typical hardstuck challenger mistakes
cant wait for the guide :)
bause coaching is the reason my teammates feed
Definitely agree with Baus here, the mental difference between low and high elo is huge. In low elo, if someone does terribly, good chance is that the person will find an excuse to blame anyone else but himself. It's like they're hardwired to find the most farfetched excuse just so they don't take the blame that can damage their ego. In higher elo, it may seem more quiet since players more often than not acknowledge their mistake and learn from it, thus typing in chat in not needed.
Much talk and loose, every bronze can that
always been a believer :)
Certified Baus Classic. Truly, this is one on the games of all time.
Great video MidBaus
bro is top 0.0012% of players in one of the most popular games in the world out of millions of people and is like "not bad"
casually strolls into rank 25 while streamin on his other accounts~
I love to see that you are enjoyed this out of stream journey. And happy abaout new guide
when u going bald sir ?
the reason people in lower elos are toxic is because of ego everyone thinks they are insanely good and then just make dumb decision, blaming team for those bad decisions and for lost games  I can tell from experience, I'm a professional egotistic twitch player with sussy mechanics and with most likely terrrible macro decision making
Every life is precious so in any situation the gospel is needed: God so loved the world, That He have His only son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
Make the guide now or else
Please make that guide !!!🎉
How can you doubt this man after all this, yk he’s been giddy waiting to show us his true colors
we just might need a little midbeans reaction to this one
I really like these informative types of videos :)
This is a certified hood classic
this is the best baus video i’ve ever seen. amazing content here.
Believers
LOVE IT
why would he choose this game to show us if he played for himself for 25 mins then lost cause of a mistake he made
wite whare is the bald guy >  ?
Master tier by choice! 👏👏
Rank 1 for youtube of lol
Gragas Guide would be really cool also
19:20 i dont care how many champs there were , but that 7k health + shield , 270 armor 150 mr should not die in 2 seconds flat i feel like
gonna need more like this
i really like this style of video from u its like midbeast but alot more informative cause u know the champ better
looking forward to babus' tutorial <3
u are crazy good 1 of the best macro games
Baki the hater where are you buddy ? Can't find your comment :(
The fact he waited so long in the video to flex he was rank 12 at one point is so humble. What a fella!
The fact this was a fresh count and not even a riot acount, he start from silver gold and grind himself to litteraly rank 11 in less than a month show how good babus Can play, we definitely shillings
This is unironically the best league of legends gameplay I've seen in years. I love seeing some very rare instances of this type of insider commentary.
wtf is this and i quote from baus' own words "cuck tank build "
"Don't greed for the wave" This is not Baus, pretty sure it's an AI
Mr Baus i would really like you to explain maybe in the guide thats coming or on one of your videos why you build Jhin the way you build him. Its very unique and i dont really get why you dont play him normally. Me personally i didnt really had much success with it because you cant really carry with that build, so im curious whats your argument
This video was actually amazing?  I'd love more videos of Simon talking over his games, well played or not.
Can't wait for the bald stream
Even though he is not a rank 1 he did a mad good job. I feel like we got bamboozled with him saying nothing and many people insulting him for still being just master. He pretty much shut up most haters.
w
who is this skinwalker pretending to be bauss
That Asol trick is actually so cool
Looking forward to that guide Babus, you're the goat :)
peaked ranked 12 and tried hard only for a week, thats crazy
Baus, congrats for the top 25, i agree with the thing about tping for waves and i would like to know what do u think about doing that and not having tp for next drake, are drakes not than important early/mid game? thx, i love ur content
i wish i was this happy
The fact that he hit rank 25 while simultaneously playing on two different accounts and streaming/uploading YouTube videos is just crazy.
Peaking rank 11 in such a short time is still really impressive.
It is so frustrating some times to watch you play being silver and seeing a top 15 player literally saying "I don't use the minimap in te laning phase", which is a huge disadvantage, and then proceeding to aply pressure in both sidelanes at the same time while being almost unstoppable. It is so mindblowing that you make some stupid mistakes sometimes and yet probably no one is better than you at tempo and wave management. Wp baus
Almost 14 cs per minute at one point, wow
God tier stuff. Bless you Baus
More of these kinds of vids please this is great
Streaming is his job and  it's very smart of him to try and make it as entertaining for viewers as possible.  Don't get it wrong tho, he's one of the most skilled players out there and he could easily get R1 without self inflicted time constraints
Babus don't you understand that you are the one who gave asol so many stacks so he carried the game?
I'm so proud of him, I have been following Babus on YouTube, watching every video (since I don't have time to watch his streams). I always believed him, would be nice to actually meet him in person someday 😂
those cross map tps and ults are slick
If i saw correctly, he peaked top 13. This man is cracked
how his cs is SO PERFECT
you just got carried by agurin that game didnt you....   jk love u
Let it be known that his excellency imaqtpie was playing rammus top in season 2
Much prefer the post commentary compared to live commentary
Dude wish more explanation videos like this one, I learn a lot
Bauss macro is really beyond this world. Like how he always say, "Sion is an ez champion, but how many challenger Sion do you ever see?" He earned his rights to roast pro players.
The story about getting solo killed by golds is so true. Years ago I hit Plat2 and I legit never once pondered the macro of the map. I was a top/mid laner and the only thing I did was split top endlessly, or play a control mage mid and force drag fights. Now I don't have the same hands I did as a young kid playing 10+ games a day, but my win rate in ranked is like 70% on my mains because I take farm/xp from lanes that are going to miss them. In any other genre people would say you aren't getting good KDA, but just moving sides of the lane you are on based on where you last saw the jungler is going to make you better than 50% of players.
Forget the haters, you're a legend both in and out of game Baus
So you're selfish af? That's how you play the game ? Take other people farm and can't carry lol
I feel like your rank in League really reflects how many things you can think about at the same time during your games
i have also a selfish playstyle but with kayn though its like i play a normel im 20/4 but my team flames me for splitpushing getting 8 tower in total and half the drakes/barons/herolds caus ei do everything solo to get the solo gold and xp
im guessing you try to go ad, but if your team needs frontline you go tank. thing is it seems like you are preferring tank alot more often and most ad matches are defeats.
te amo
im here just after 1k comments
si babus juega nasus seria el top 1 nasus del mundo
we makin it out da hood with this one
"oh my god I am pretty good" XD
U were rank 13 though
Wait, Sion Q can knock up the rift herald?? Wild.
my favorite is when thebaus cant explain to people that he wins games through good decision making
G.O.A.T. 🐐
I mean he didn’t get rank 1 but he got pretty dam close
baus rank 1 someday i believe
His views on the video always peak 400k+ , he deserves more subscribers!
That Jax Stun 8:31 was wild
Int to challenger wp man i Never doubt you ❤
So here for this. Shoot for the stars AND live in acceptance. You are the bauss 💪
Is the J4 a Agurin smurf?
You have failed us but you are forgiven top 25 is fire still knowing there's hella imports on EUW
love how he always have fun in other accounts but then he tryhards and he's gr8 at the game
Hard to win with a lux support
The fruit tip is very helpful. The amount of health and mana you get from one fruit can change fights. It’s insane.
I'd say 4 or 5 kills per game is a perfectly reasonable size. A lot of girls don't even want 7 or 8 average kill players.
Bro you have the best spacing of the game wtf are those movements
my goattt
Next time Baus makes a secret account, he should change switch his sums and then reverse his keybinds to make it look like it’s not him.
low elo has great mechanics but riot has made the game comeback friendly, and they all have macro of s1 bronze player, so its always a fiesta no matter what, for years now the best advice u can give a low elo player is "always believe the enemy team can throw" cause they always do. Always.
i saw him peak at rank 14
Are you still going for rank 1?!?!  You can totally achieve that this season even with how weak Sion is atm.
You always settle for less Simon.
Love you babus ❤
I actually like this type of commentary on his gameplay. Very calm and chill and educational. Baus should do these more.
Lux was 7 levels below you , didnt thought it was possible in high elo I get like 4-5 lvl diff between top and supp but 7 levels?
Every time Baus was happy to be rank 25 I got happy too Really want to see the Sion Guide Volume 2 tho
waiting on that guide
#36 on trending for gaming! Famous Baus
#1 Trick to climbing: Don't stream
Great work blondie we were all rooting for you
He would of won that game pre nerfs
Drill master will reach rank 1 by end of season, we believe
A little post about the toxicity in low-mid elo:  I just climbed from stuck gold to plat this season for the first time and I wish I never did. I have actively counted 24 games now and I average about 3 smurf accounts per game, most amount being 7 in 1 game. So many games feel like a coinflip whether I get the tryhard smurf or the L9 permabanned kid account who goes afk after 1 bad play. I played gold for like 2-3 seasons and I cant remember a single time someone went afk because of literally 1 "bad" play they "disagreed" with. Now in plat it happened at least 5 times already (from what I remember). And that are only the afks/trolls that did what they did because of ONE play from ONE player.   Another thing that I find pretty disgusting is that only in insanely rare occasions, the losing team doesn't flame or blame someone. When you lose in low elo or are behind in the game, there is unironically a 99% chance that you will see toxicity from at least 1 of your mates (or yourself if you are like that :)).  I didn't type this because I think I deserve higher elo and lose because of other people, that is obviously not the case for me who was hardstuck gold multiple seasons and got plat just now, but I hope I can make people more aware of the insane amount of toxicity (which happens very often with smurfs who dont really lose much if they get banned, but of course also with main accs) and also the insane amount of trolls and smurfs in mid-elo. I love playing league of legends, but lately, especially after starting to play low plat elo games, the game quality has decreased so hard, that for the first time I am starting to think about stopping to play league (without friends) entirely. None of the things I said are completely exaggerated, low-mid elo has really become such a  shitfest for toxicity.   Just wanted to get this off my chest.
that conclusion in the end with a loss is not a good look XD
I really enjoyed this video. I’m not that good so it’s great to hear a casual run down of a high elo game
Good to see Bauss happy. Congratz man!
He plays with his team when he needs to climb yep
this is a good video
useless video, showed how to lose your team a game LUL
Baus this is a great format, should make more videos like this.
Jax dont just do em like that 🥵🥵🥵 8:30
Love ya
best lol content creator by far
cant wait for new guide and good luck on rank 1
7:00 and 16:32 sound amazing. High quality LoL is one of the reasons I want to climb.
Baud on yt is so humble without annoying Twitch chat.This is my favorite vid of this channel so far love to see more ❤
Very impressive. Bald baus when?
I'm actually pretty impressed by a more focused video talking about what you do in certain game states and matchups. Thank you man
wait I've seen that aurelion E interaction with velkoz R, it warps the beam but doesn't cancel it.
Baus at the start of video "This game is all challenger, high elo"  Baus at the end "My team sucks"
You always gonna be my rank 1 <3
I dont even play league but come home most nights and laugh at your humor. Youre quickly one of my favorite streamers. Congratz on the achievement.
Biggest thing about low elo players is it becomes mid/late game and they have no idea what to do and start araming or just going for shit plays and kills for no reason, classic Riven/Fiora ignite toplane can go 10/0 and still lose because he becomes useless mid/late game because he doesn't know what to do. Just because u win lane doesn't automaticly win u the game. no macro at all plat and below.
Hmm. At least several seasons ago, all low elo players would sasageyo until the end either in victory or defeat. Nowadays, all lose fricking hope 10 min in to the game. SMH.
and 6k hp min 20 XD
bro wtf, lit almost 20 cs x min LOL
baus u r my fav streamer in youtube, every time I see a new upload  of your, it brings a smild to my face
Rank 25 on the 16th but a few days before, his peak was rank 11, which is even more impressive.
Bro rank 25 is still fucking incredible  Like, don't let any doubters good you down, that is so unbelievably impressive
This is amazing, great vid.
He played on 3 other accounts meantime and was able to get 25 rank, this man is a god xD WP TO HIS SION <3
Must love the babus commentations
W video
pre recorded baus 💀
64% winrate on 5/9 kd is insane
Its truly incredible to see how COMPLETELY DIFFERENTLY he's playing this high elo game compared to his regular youtube videos. That play at 14:17, I mean I've never even seen anyone do this shit ever!! 261 cs in 20mins is just absurd!
my fav part is when he said that he is stupid xd
A true artist
Didn’t even realized he doesn’t play at the moment
So i got the negative kda down but how do you do the challenger? 1:20
when I his both hands up I was like who"s playing xD
the commentary in thsi is the best yet, love the explanatory style
Baus you are like Kuroko from Koroko no Basuke. He's extremely unobtrusive, a trait that pairs well with his deception :t: People often don't notice him even when he's right in front of them. Just like a Shadow that takes his power by given the stage to the other player, like the adc. I really like your playstyle and hope I can learn abit from it, so I have fun and a new LoL experience with it.
dude literally hits top 25 and says not to shabby
this is vgud
The fact that he could have picked any match to do this breakdown, but still chose a loss. What a legend
The man is literally batman in solo q off stream, on stream he is masters by choice to disguise his true identity as rank 1
Where is the twitch chat ?!!
Offstream shit is mega sleepr, enjoyed the video tho <3
ty for giving us your wisdom. Im will be happy to see your guide.
Rank 25 in challenger with 70%+ on all champs is crazy, maybe a month more and he would get rank 1
This is beautiful, valuable content, thank you so much for this <3
every night i use to check what rank u were, idk how u do to not tilt in live but games on stream and others are not the same
More of those, it’s so chill if u don’t have to argue with low elo chat
uh is he playing or am i drunk
Bauss is the boss of league!
Yeah please do many videos about macro, nobody talks about macro, we need the knowledge
Our rank 1 sion ❤
I swear I thought I saw he peaked 1400 or so? So I think he might have even made top 10?
i love it great video my friend xD
im sure he will reach rank one  give him a bit more time
MidBausffs! I'M HERE FOR IT!
plis the guide
This was very interesting content. You should do this with more games from the climb. I really really enjoyed this. Congrats on getting rank 25 too.
Non of us are watching for your rank 1 placement. All of us are watching for your rank 1 enjoying the game, mental, sticking to champs you like. Keep on rocking and change your barber ❤
what about a TheForest video...
you are always my best <3
yeah, cool idea for a video but this is not ur kinda content. you didn’t explain any of your thought process in lane or at any point in the game. I learned nothing except that the honeyfruit spawns at 6:45. amazing
Hea had 14cs per minute at one point lmao, how is that even possible
I was a believer, and even tho he didnt reach rank 1, I'm so proud of him, he'll always be rank 1 in my heart
Hey baboosy, 2 feedbacks for you:  1. you weren't selfish, you played to win and you were on track to win. Your teammates started making bad macro decisions starting at 16:00 in the video, leading up to 4th drake spawn.   2. I think this video intro should have been longer - should make an epic buildup to say people doubted you and show clips of nemesis, midbeast, chatters all doubting you. People would think you got rank 1 and it would be funny when you said actually they were right.  3. (bonus feedback) u are cute :3
Low Elo : EGO  High Elo : MACRO   That's the different
I'm bronze 🎉
NICE, NEW GUIDE PLEASE!!!!
this was actually a really chill video. Would love to see more of this non-stream kind of content from baus.
Baus is on another level.
Love the midbeast style
Loved this, man!! So glad you went with this format
really good content .. more videos like this :)
Can't wait for bald babus
To be fair...He was rank 11 and climbing until he leaked the account to the public. After people found out it was him he suddenly started dropping because people play differently when they know it's him. He will legit get camped just because he's Baus.  Same fucking shit as people who play with Tyler1. The second they know it's Tyler they start playing differently. Same shit happened with Faker in Worlds CQ last year. Unfortunately, being any level of famous completely ruins your Solo Queue experience in league.
yes its not rank one but the diffrence between rank 1 and 50 so litterally non existend so f the non-believers^^
Babus is built different
The most shocking moment of my life is seeing the high elo offstream account when it was leaked is insane rammus winrate like i was scrolling thru the match history to see rammus in blue in high elo
baus talks over thsi game like he doesnt know what is gonna happen next
Classic Oscarin getting killed 3 mins into the game 😂
we all believed in you babus ❤ YE YE WP
"Gold elo leaning phase is good my laning is bad, they kill me" he says while absolutely out-spacing that Camille into oblivion lol
When are you going  to shave your head?
where bald ?
We believe in baus supremacy.
OMG BABUS YOU ARE THE BEST
cant wait for the guide i've been watching the old one over and over :D
I love this kind of videos, I hope we get some of them regularly it's entertaining a lot and we learn things
Babus you are the best person in the world, wish all the kindness in the world for you 😊
ahahacik went 1/11 today in my game -_-
Baus saying at the beginning he knows who will win. Also him losing it lololol
Teammates threw the game. It's sad but typical. You get a great game, teammates ruin it, you do bad? Teammates carry, hardly an in the middle.
only the baus obtains 15cs a min+
GG
its so wholesome he is happy about an outplay he did 2 days ago like it was live
Ayoo youtube oroginal content babyy
Huuuuge fan of this video I adored this - please release more replay reviews super entertaining ❤
how u are going high with sion a champ with highly telegraphed abilities and cant carry well. Impressive.
<3 I appreciate the macro lessons!
Inb4 Midbeast makes a video reviewing this same game with his cam covering Baus' cam LULE
Baus has to be literally the most likeable Person on earth. The messi of being wholesome.
I mean rank 25 in that short of time seems impressive as hell, dont doubt urself!
Awesome video
Expecting us to ever be able to make calls like 6:40. Mind just works differently
Baus needs to try Chovy's new K'Sante mid proxy strat - loldobby did a review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iejKYEPi7c
10:30 from the script h😂
They even brought in the korean / chinese challenger to prevent him from getting #1, after babus demoralised korea.
They call u Messi of the league, but they really should be calling you CS7
I like that he achieves some kind of record every game.
soooooo when are you getting your "haircut" baus?
So his playstyle is permanent splitpush with Sion and avoid enemy team. If he can’t run he tries to take one down with him. So he isn’t really grouping or playing for the team. He just macro and splits?
Waiting for updated guide !
best video u have made till date holy shit im hyped man
Stealing a page out of midbeasts playbook gotta love it
You changed
You should make more of these videos of your off stream high elo games, really great thanks Si💕
Wait that actually might be a record lmfao. 14cs per minute?? Only you dude.
I initiated by ru uU u u ru roa ru uu ulting toplane
I hope that midbeast reviews you reviewing your gameplay
loved this video, maybe variety content next?
I aspire nothing more than to be a "negative KDA challenger player"
I hate how cringe this kid is that I love hiM. Just the personality league needed.
Would love to see more videos like this - maybe once a week. Would be very refreshing. No chat, off stream game and you going over it. 10/10 imo
Bro sick achievement congrats!!
Even if you didnt reach rank 1, still impressive af
AHAHACiK is too good (but the moment with the bomb was amused)
babus <3
If we put the whole r1 think aside, I love this content so much more than the whole int for content stuff.... I'd love to see some real high elo tryharding on your stream babus❤ keep it going, after mid-season reset you are gonna get rank 1
someone can explain me why in the minute 1:25 the mouse is moving while he has the both hands up
He proved that he's Masters by choice. Rank 11 on EUW with that short amount of time is already enough. wpyiyi
welcome home babus, i'm happy for you
thanks for all the laughs mate :)
<3 love baus. You failed to mention that you PEAKED rank 11. A few separate times you got to rank 12, one of those times you bumped up to 11. You earned all the praise that you get.
baus is in exceptionally good player and so fun to watch
Id love some more horse tounge breakdowns
He got to rank 12 at peak is what i saw
I really enjoy the way you talk bauss, i find it very amusing to listen to you as background
Errr hold up i dont get it
Good video
Приятно было увидеть Ahahacik ))
absolutely loved that video, keep em coming
dude just loves PvE
i got so pissed off by that aurelion sol. his black hole thing is SO annoying.
16:45 i think that one of the reasons high elo people wont flame in this specific case is that they know who you are, so they know that you can really become a one man army by playing so selfishly  in low elo (one of the reasons, i know its not the only one) could be that they dont realise how impactful you can be OR that even if they know that, they think its just a random guy perma farming that wont utilize all the resources hes getting well enough to convert it into a win
Lovely guy
Wait this video was great please do some more high elo vod reviews
insane performance by the man the legend the inter himself........ the baus ffs
I stopped playing league for years now, even watching yt videos about it  But this video made me watch again  You really do have a special place to my heart Babus.  Been watching you since I was a kid, and now I'm an adult having no time to play league now, I appreciate your effort on your videos and on league everytime :)
i loved this content
You need to do more voice over games where you explain your thinking. It doesn’t even have to be great games you could explain why you played poorly. Very informative and entertaining
G.O.A.T <3
I saw your game vs yorick on horse tongue cuz I struggle in that matchup, and mannn! You crushed that yorick so hard that I feel confident in how to play that matchup now, you're my inspiration for Sion bro, keep up the good stuff
He's so famous that he can't even get privacy on a smurf
Babus almost averaging 14cs min at some point... Just insane map movement. Bro gets 1 wave in 2 lanes per cycle
I’ve never seen 280 cs at 20 minutes. Literally insane
GJ babus and good video
Rank 25 is rank 1 in my heart <3
Like what nemesis said. Baus is genius. Thebausffs Master tier que time isn’t 20 mins like challenger que time. He plays his main for us not get bored on que time with his streams.
he is too good holy
At one point horse tounge was top 11
Rank 1 our heart
Called it.
peaked rank 11 I think insane climb
damn i love you baus
This was much more fun and entertaining than listen to baus getting tilted answering every troll in the chat. :)
This video review was really good. Learned several things about his macro
Man Baus, you are one of the players that I most admire and enjoy watching. Your unique play style, incredible knowledge of the game and mental makes your stream very entertaining.  And furthermore, climbing to this high rank in such a short time and with this champ pool proves how incredibly good you are as a league player.   WP MAN
I LOVE THIS NEW STYLE
Learning things and having a laugh is such a bestial combo. Thanks!
This is such a great video, really enjoyed watching this, please more videos like this 👍
Fun to see you without being annoyed by chat. Super surprised u almost secretly made it up to rank 1 tbh. Jesus loves u bro
"My top laner is Oscarinin, the rank one top-laner EU... rank wise"
О, Ананасик
Can't believe I ever doubted him. Except for doubting rank 1. There was no way lol. He is really good though
I try my best for a bad kda by running down with illaoi but somehow the enemies die faster than me
Riot will nerf farming after seeing this
This video style is really refreshing since chat isn’t being annoying and toxic. It’s so chill to watch. Also, doubters are malding since he’s proven time and time again that he is in the top 1% of players. Thanks for the quality video Simon and congrats on climbing so high!
Almost rank 10 too if I recall correctly(rank11 peak)
Hello baus what is this secret tech you didn't mention? That no other player talks about?
8:33 Jax flashing back to pull camille further into jarvan followed by his stun into jarvan e-q, pretty fucking sick
I would like this multiple times if I could, heis just wholesome
So he lied on the last video huh
Summary of video, if you wanna climb, USE YOUR FUCKIN BRAIN, pls.
Will be waiting for the guide!
Could you Please do the same commentary with game at plat or gold elo beacuse where your teammates died when you were spliting in gold they would type x9 sion and be toxic to even ff how did you play in this elo?
ive been stalking his account and a few days before the 16th he peaked rank 11
is that midbausffs?
I saw his profile when he was rank 14 before he released this. He sells himself short saying rank 25
Hi Baus, about your new guide, I suggest that you wait for prowler's claw potential rework. It can change the entire ad Sion build, or even kill it :(
Midbeast shitting and crying rn
Another oscarinin classic.
Very chill vid. Do again pls
Well done, Baus. Rank 25 and over 60% Wr on 5(!) champs in high challenger. That is unironically impressive.
Casually farming 300 Cs on 20 min
I like thebaus but I despise his fans especially when I get them in games. some high bronze or low silver goon thinking he can do what thebaus does, picks sion, and then just ends up dying 50 times and getting nothing done aside from hard feeding the enemy jax/irelia/etc. And then the game is completely unwinnable. It’s literally a griefer strategy if done by ANYONE but thebaus and should be punished by the system.
be careful Baus, Midbeast might lose his job after this video
I have no idea if you read the comments babus, but I LOVED this style of video. I've watched all of your content for a really long time so I love everything else too, but this was a joy to watch. You're so down to earth and seem like you love the game so much like I do, its really cool to watch you get excited about your own plays and talk about what you're learning and your experiences. wp to this babus
this off-stream vid was so chill and informative. Really hope to see more vids like this one
I get baus's team from this game in most of my games, this is why i was hardstuck silver 1 for 3 weeks. Now my MMR is dogshit and i get 26 lp for win and -25 lp for loose in Golf 4.....
Youtube exclusive <33333
absolute mid
17:16 rare moment when a sion has 3 on him and the team is taking/pathing to objectives. istg even in gm you'll see people just farm or recall at full health when the sion is holding 2-3 enemy. disgusting
midbaus lol
77% rammus winrate? dayum but yeah babus proved once again he is an absolute beast
I knew he wouldn't reach rank one not because he is not great, it is not a top meta, if it was a top meta I can guarantee he would reach it. He has good game knowledge, good mechanics, and a very special playstyle probably the only reason I like him is his unique play style.
Legend says  Fnatic toplaner still didnt win a game to this date
Holy shit I hope he does this more.
Still,  good job
congrats on the top rank but when is BALDBUS coming
For me the main difference between high and low elo is how players react to their own mistakes. High elo players will (almost) always say "i could have played that better", and often rewatch their games to figure out what went wrong and therefore, self improve. Low elo players tend to point out the mistakes of their teammates instead, when in reality they don't even know how trinkets work :p
Hmm bronze theory crafting, would a team comp / builds with lower gold requirements be better with bausff sion? Like mini supports in every other role than top basically.
I like how he called the file "this" xD
i actually like this midbeast side of simon
13:00  Thebaus: I really like tping for waves!  Challangers: taking notes Silvers: ?????
АХАХАСИК, очень радостно становится, когда вновь вижу тебя в играх популярных (и скилловых) иностранных стримеров, у того же twp, Бауса, хоть у твоей команды сейчас сложности с финалом еу мастерс, но ты все такой же отличный игрок, СПАСИБО!
He’s so right about low Elo. I usually mute all but when I don’t man do people bitch and complain so much. If we all jsjt stfu and okay the game we’d Improve so much more
Baus throughout the video:See nothing in the chat no pinging they aren’t toxic like you guys. Baus at the end:My team is trash what can I do.
baus is a rly good player but he int for content in stream xD leTroll
Will u ever make a matchup sheet?🙏🙏
My streamer, I was here
YOUR GAMEPLAY =  CHEESE (but clean and well timed cheese)
This was sad. Just play with your team. Almost every loss I watch of yours it because you refuse to play with your team.
13:45 Yenuenly
i like this kind of longer video Very cool
Baus is a truly good player. All he did is the one-week climb. He would have gotten higher if he had put more effort into this. Sadge. He doesn't seem to care that much.
Rank 25 is amazing man!! Congrats to that
That's what i love about the baus, his videos are always a suprise, he takes a game to talk about and explain his style AND FUCKING LOSE IT
He is the hero we deserve 🙌
Make a Rammus guide! 🙏🙌
Closeeeeeeeeeee
This is why u the 🐐
Legend
Babus I love that you took a mid beast approach! What a fun change ❤ keep up the great work
АНАНАСИК ПРОТИВ БАУСА ЧЁ ЗА НАХУЙ
WP JIJI TO THE BELEVERS
My man is an absolutely gigachad, he has his own playstyle showing kda is not the most important thing... Anyway his macro, spacing and fog skills are kinda crazy, i mean, better than most EUW proplayers (also Challenger "inting" in korea) Amazing, really amazing
Loved this video. Felt so humble and genuine
Oh god now Nemesis is gonna be like i KnEw hE WoiUlDDNT get RANk1
Baus hacking an innocent challengers account so he could feed sion and lose LP
"Oscarinin #1 Top laner in EU" Surely he will do good in FNC 😁
babus really appreciated the analysis and gg for ranked 20! is it possible to get a gragas guide? really love ur gameplay on him. Thx for reading and keep being real!
The lol guide in 2025 rsrs
Baus might not be rank 1, but he may be the only high rank person who actually has fun. Cant rank that, my babus <3
Wow it's education video from babus...
More videos like this!!!
thanks babus we'll be waiting for the new guide
Babus rank 1 in my heart <3
16 march is the day my grandpa died man yesterday, it was a sad day for me
Actuslly really ennoyed the commentary. Should do more of this!
so, u still going bald right?
I'm proud of you Simon
Русскоговорящие, вы же заметили, что Бабус играл против Ананасика, бывшего лесника unicorn of loves
thx babus to explain us how much  better are challenger than our average silver games , but don't forget , every challenger are just silver who spam the game
saw nemesis short where he said that baus with master rank cant even reach chall
extend the death line to 16.10.23 and reach rank 1 in euw and in na (la) and take us to another enjoyable journey! :)
Such high elo. It's weird ; It is the same rift but it feels different.
Go BALD!!!!
What shows the gold differences between laners? That seems pretty op
This was a refreshing experience
I fucking knew it
First time I see the "WP to this Sión" copypaste be actually true on baus, he's becoming a monster
the grind just started bro, hit N1 pls
i'm extremely surprised about your secret account, specialy when 4 days ago you made a no mic no cam stream on it, who would thought its you
Who else thought there was a pretty decent but low chance he would get rank 1 but realistically he would get around realistically top 10 or top 20, likely rank 14 or 15. I was only off by 10 but still pretty proud of myself for my prediction compared to the doubters who think he’ll be stuck master/grandmaster probably even diamond for the haters
I would love to see another guide I really enjoyed the last one 😁
61% winrate with about 300 games got me from B2 to G3... WTF you mean challenger?? i always get confused by winrates getting people higher up then it should.. Baus is an amazing player for sure, just asking for a lil bit of logic.
This game is an example of why i dont build hull breaker, cuz once ur team starts feeding they cant seem to compose themselves and if u go into a tf with hull u just gonna get oneshot plus againts the meta top laners hull doesnt even matter like fiora, camille etc
Can you make a AD sion guide and a tank one?
If anyone’s wondering why ASol’s W and Rell’s ult (after the initial cast) move him, it’s because they are a unique CC (kinematics i think its called). This is so champs that have channel times (many have a very short one for their abilities) aren’t instantly canceled anytime they try to use one. It moves them, but doesn’t count as hard CC
19:47 guys he's lvl 17 and jax 14 lux 10... I think One of the two huge advices he want to share Is the importance of lvls
10 out of 10 commentating
Kollar aldrig på lol streams men ser alltid dina yt vidoes. Att du kan hålla så bra mentalitet som du gör inte bara med att spela lol utan du har ju säkerligen massa 12 åriga djur i chaten bölandes 24/7.. imponerande att du inte bryter ihop! Fint att se att du plocka top 25, tvekade aldrig ;)
really good video baus
actually an impressive gamplay, gj babus
He should try to make a midbeast video of himself next time, it might be funny
I mean you can actually see the difference between on-stream and off-stream gameplay.. He's the goat.
cant wait for the guide ba bus
Someone knows all the lining phase fruits spawn timer ?
This is the best video uploaded to youtube in a long while! The insightful and personal commentary, the 20 minute length, good gameplay as always.
Please don't copy Baus by standing in Aurlieon E, your team will thank you.
Isnt noah german adc?
This video finally confirms what I have been thinking for the last year. Babus is inting his ass off for no reason on stream and he knows better.
im telling midbeast that youre stealing his idea
This is what I really wanted to see from Baus, I'm not a fan of the trolling. Good shit, respectable grind and big rank!
Hardest thing I struggle with in diamond is macro and giving up
he peaked rank 11 during his off stream journey, such a modest person and underestimated player. His gameplay is really an art
Tip prediction: Ping the wards for +5 gold. It tells the team how long they last AND makes you richer.
Congratulations! People tend to underestimate you so much that they forget you hit Chall multiple times, haha. Those games seem so peaceful. I'd give anything to have games like that, but sadly, I'm in low Diamond elo, so yeah :)
Baus thank you for this type of content
really loved this video and your own analysis
MAN i love this video, bauss out of stream seems so relaxed
He peaked rank 13 as far as i saw
Gotta respect the grind
i Really hate the Aurelion Sol Late game
I mean, Baus has 61% winrate in 300 games, Noah has 60% winrate in 400 games. If he only played on his secret account he would be top 5 prolly. But he is streaming everyday so. This is really an awesome job from him.
Can you do an Illaoi guide too
who could have guessed. he stopped going full ad and reached challenger.
I find it funny that you will revisit your guide when you said that you wouldn't in the original video. I was thinking that you'd definitely do it again.
everyone is going to be like "yeah baus is right , low elo is good but toxic blablabla" then they will all proceed to play selfish in game and be toxic xDDDD
This was incredibly entertaining and informative to watch thanks for making this vid.
I agree, as high plat/low diamond player, i start to cry the moment enemy jungler ganks me while my jungler(imo) does one god knows what, especially bad if im not even pushing the lane. I basically start soft inting because of that, by trying to outplay enemy laner who has item and level advantage now because of the gank. Or if im doing decently lets say 2/0 and team score is like 3/8 already, them i give up and dont even try to carry those inters. Im low elo definitelly because of my mental thats for sure and idk how high elos can keep it cool.
The midbeans effect
I dont mind you doing these kinda video’s more often
Looking forward to the guide from a top lane goat
these 20 min vids are the lit
Wow I love this video format! Maybe u can make more of these in the future??
ЛЯЯЯЯ ТАМ АНАНАСИК ИГРАЕТ В ЛЕСУ
DAY 1 OF ASKING URGOT TOP.
More videos like this Baus please!
Lord Baus, you have my full respect.  Watching and listening to your advice I have grown a lot… thank you best EU player
Wholesome baus. Nice try on the rank 1 grind, very interested in the guide thing your planning on making, I have a similar playstyle/mentality and I'm sure there will be some interesting stuff for me.
He only lost cuz he was feed strong nd selfish 😂
Bro Baus Sound like he sells some get rich Quick Programm.
Baus I'm not sure what you peak was but the first time I saw the account it was rank 12
Thanks for the video Baus
Most challenger players say basically the same thing. Gold players are good at killing eachother but suck at controlling the map.
Well done Babus imagine if You have the time to actually climb, but You are giving high cuality content in the Road wich is more difficult
I love this type of informative content babus, keep it up its so fun and useful to watch <3
love the video Baus and frog worked together hard on this one
I hear how proud he is by himself. GOOD JOB baus, well done man❤
make your mods start muting the toxic people because this is more fun :)
270 cs at 20 mins is insane
omg this guide that's coming out will create more disgusting greffers in my games
"we lost the fight, and we lost the baron and you know...my team is doing terribly, but at least I have a lot of farm" simply our boy, thebaus
enemy camille who is ragner is very good turkish player
king shilling!
This was a banger
I would like to point out that he peaked rank 11 earlier in his climb. truly the greatest inter 🙌
wp babus, are you still going for rank 1 on that account?
1:24 is all the reason you need to like the video lmfao
MIDBAUS
Low elo players  take the 1v1 advices in being agresive when enemy is busy doing something Therefore they'r good at killing But trash at anything else because no high elo streamer actually really tells what you should do whit these kills. They'r advice is usually be a pussy Wich makes the low elo good duelists to go passive for no reason after winning Therefore they stay low elo
I believe you still can and could but you just didn't bother! Babus you'll always be my number1 and favorite League player even tho I don't play LoL
I really can't understand how this guy has a haters. I mean - okay, his teammates in a lot of cases may be mad on this guy, but I mean those platinum fucks that does not have any basic knowledge about the game. I like Baus's mindset, where he is focused on the win, focused on himself. I like the small things he improves, just to get better. Sounds like it's taken straight out of James Clear's book "Atomic Habits" (Very good lecture btw) - not looking for a great, huge improve that leads to challenger, its about 200 minor, small improvements that makes him better from the most of us. Pure respect my guy. Keep it on.
Please man the guide! I need it
He playing with toes
270 cs in 20 min holly mother of kings😱😱😱😱
265 cs at 20 with an almost 0 mobility champ.. thats impressive
TLDW - he loses the game
insane guy <3
Reaching this position playing for fun and doing offmeta builds is really impressive. Thank you Baus, you are our rank #1
Making Midbeast yobless with this content!
You are just great man. Looking forward to the guide.✌
урааа ананасик в лесу играет, россия россия ура ура ура
You still prooved everyone you can get Challenger if you want
Wasnt he gonna go bald if he didnt go rank 1????
BALDSEN when?
Balding babus when
Awesome video format
love u babus
baus made a bet 4 months ago: he lost but he dosen't respect his end of the bargain aka going bald. classic baus, making empty promises everytime
love how he calls his viewers gold and low elo xd
I'm so hyped for the guide. I believe these tips and tricks will be mindblowing since they will be spoken by one of the most unique high elo players in this game (equal first spot with Ady imo).
I guess he IS a rank 1 player for us
baus became so good that he doesnt use his hands to play anymore
Baus quivering as Tyler enters Europe queue
xd'
He peaked rank 13-14 btw i was checking his account everyday for a week before this. He almost proved everyone wrong...
love this nonlivestreamed content! keep doing this
little bro almost hit 14cs/pm in chall
Why the name Horse Tongue though?
So not rank 1, but definitely among the best.
TIME TO GO BALD!
When does he cut his hair?
You hit Rank 13, 25 was not the peak
Gotta say i loves this commentairy type video :)
Honestly, he ended the challenge at rank 25 but he peaked at rank 14 and got way closer to #1 than most people expected. What a true Giga Chad sigma Sion negative KDA player.
It’s wholesome to see Baus just chill talking while the comments are full of cherish messages. It just feels different from the Twich environment, but it’s good ❤️
First time seeing babus getting inted
Sooo.. is AD sion not worth it in higher elo? I know ultimatly tank sion is infinit scaling and AD sion is not but i wonder if AD sion could be better against some lategame comp, like you go all in early and try to rush the end (y now that i say it i feel like it wouldnt work in high elo). I guess i answered my own question.. x)
Why does he always hold on to the cull after finishing it? I thought you were supposed to sell as soon as you finish it.
certified babus moment
this game show me how bad ur guide  will be ty wasting our time
i loved this video
Proud of u baus SoloBolosOnly
The thing about baus is, we can't tell sometimes if he's trolling or not. A lot of recent videos about him were him completely inting and blaming teammates for no reason. It's actually really irritating to watch for a lot of people who just come across and doesn't know baus well, including even me sometimes. After this video i have no doubt he was just trolling and do bad plays to reel ppl in and it's a relief that i trust a player of his level would never genuinely say/do stuff that stupid.  But the thing that ruined it for me and i assume most people is how the D riders go and defend his bad plays  and insult people for pointing out his mistake. Like they don't even try to reason, just straight up asking for your rank or "he's the top chall players..., you are an absolute shit head for thinking that baus did anything wrong". That logic is so braindead i have a seizure every time i  read it. Baus would be ashamed to have fans like that. If you act like that in front of him i think he just want to gtfo to avoid the embarrassment.    The fanboys situation has gotten worse lately and i think Baus should assert it some where directly to the fanboys so they could leave his reputation unstained.
Don’t ever get me all worked up for a win then pull this shit again Bauss.
baus trying to blue ball us hard brodie
Baus i dont know if you know aurelions abilities but every second you are in his e or he is hitting you with his q he is farming his passive
Love content like this
Baus reached rank 11 at some point and was also the highest ranking toplaner at the server before he lost a game to ronrons on top and then tried to stream 5 games on his main were he got ghosted every time
Even though he didn't reach rank 1, his accomplishment is still very admirable. Looking forward to your new guide babus! Always interested in the way you play the game
Peaked at RANK 12! The MESSI of League of Legends
Shoot for the moon, land among the stars
babus = giga chad
Okay so you are not rank 1? You are still a GOD when compared to people who call you trash in your chat. Wp to this Sion. Love you Babus ♥
Rank 25**  Arrogant prick
The most important part he mentioned here that people really need to incorporate into their own games is at ~16:50. People being toxic retards, spam pinging everything, flaming each other in chat etc. That's just going to unnecessarily lose you games.
Technically he didn't state what year will he be rank 1, so I'm still hoping for that one day
Baus is so cute and chill on ytb when there's not always that guy on twitch who calls him "inter".Awesome video and impatient for that guide
@5:45 So smart! It feels like 90% of mid-lanners don't know the fruit spawn timers and it's always been insane to me. That's like not knowing when Runes spawn in DOTA- you're missing out on a free 30%~ HP and Mana in your laning phase. I'm a jungle main so I don't get to leverage this knowledge advantage that often (cause 80% of junlgers have infinite sustain) but it's always something I try to take advantage of when I get mid as my secondary. Bause is the first high elo player I've ever seen do it too.
This is a great video, I like this off-stream content
I saw horse tongue when it was rank 13/14, babus could've done rank 1 given another few weeks
You're a beast gg
MAKE THE GUIDE PLEASE BAUSEN!
Congrats Babus!
While he did not succeed, it's still incredibly impressive to reach rank 25 (and peaking even higher), while also streaming this much.  I do wonder if Baus would've actually hit Rank 1 if he didn't stream over this time period.
it is so funny some people actually think he is a bad player because he dies a lot, baus is so good
It feels so good for you, after all the hate, flame you got from other streamers, pro players and some random p*sslow in the comment section of every video you apeared
What a great video, what a great player. Bauss > Faker
Baus is just better his macrow is insane "messi of lol"
babus has 300 cs in 22 mins xD
Now we need Midbeast to review babus's review
This match literally feels like a different game. This is the first time I've actually been like "oh shit, THIS is high elo"
pls do more of these :D
Would love the new guide. I just started playing Sion bc of you and its the most I've ever had.
Baus, I was a believer. I checked this account opgg 2 times a day every single day to see how you are doing. Good job on hitting such high elo!!!
top 25 ain't too shabby babus! Congrats 👏
Babus average acount
this was really enjoyable, Baus! I enjoyed hearing your commentary for the replay, hope we get more :)
Didn't he get higher than 25?
RANK 25 LETS GOOO!!! congrats baus, that's very impressive. I love your Sion gameplay and you're the only streamer whose games I like to watch.
absolute legend!
Wait is this Mid Beans or Babus?
Bro, bauss, your farm WTF this must feel awesome rolf
Amazing video babus
case in point that split pushing feels pretty dead
You are still a hero Bauss. Rank 1? Rank 10? Who cares about the doubters when you are still a challenger and meanwhile they're somewhere out there laughing at you and then looking for tips how to get out of Silver. Good luck in your future games, you're one od the most positive players I've ever seen
mr streamer casually getting 14cs per minute
Nj babus always knew you where a different kind a player in a good way🎉🎉🎉
im very impressed
Choosing a video that you lose but perform well is admirable, it shows
This type of video is really chill to watch! Definitely like more of this content
will be waiting for the guide legit
Baus ma boy you did it again you madman.
gold is a hardest elo ever I saw in my life playng from CBT and remember dat times when we play for fun
its not even just about try hard if his account is in top 50 ... time for searching game getting really high... for streaming he is just better where he is right now
Thank you for the informative video Bausffs. I hope Midbeast does a reaction of this video.
that was the best guide i ever watched !
This is so impressive! I wish more people in my region could know about you
baus casually getting nearly 14CS/minute like nothing
Baus 🤤
280 cs at 20 minutes man that's just almost impossible for others
I think the craziest thing is that streaming obviously can make a difference in csing, this guy had 300cs at 20 mins when he actually concentrated
Yeah, when i played selfish in gold mmr, i got instantly flamed and trolled, i typed retards look for your gameplay, not mine, since it was like 2 ppl flaming me, after the game i got ban :D Riot didint even ban those ppl who flamed me after the game, i was victim
This guy is literally playing PvE
I mean it was a pretty unreachable goal to begin with, but damn dude top 25 is very impressive!! Congrats babus
Anyone who trash talks after this has brain damage lmao
I loved this so much please do it more often when you have the time as a top laner it´s very helpfull!
I'm drooling for the guide yo
A lost buy learned so much from this video waiting for the guide muxh love I’m climbing because of you ❤
"i told you baus you will never be rank one, disgusting inter" gold peaked viewers
thats mad impressive honestly, that streaming games makes life so much harder
babus will always be the top 1 spacing movementmeister in my heartttt <3
Wp to this sion
Gotta change your name to MidBausen… doing mid lane reacts bro
The only Lol streamer you can watch without getting bored. Love you Babus, keep up your good work. Greetings from Brazil
Baus you said that you are going bald if you don't hit rank 1... sooo you know what we can't wait for!
This is a nice content(I just changed my mind  u are bad
I enjoy this format! very good for new players. I have no idea what or why you do certain things, but the way you broke it down in this video sure helps remove that mystery. hope you continue to make these kinds of videos in the future. Stay well.
INTERESTING SO BAUS LEAKED HIS GIRL FRIEND NAME AT 20:10
”I don’t also get many games per game” thebaus 2023
That Aurelion sol was stacking hard loo
I love u Baus
That was a fun watch, more like this would be great
Low elo players have good mechanics because the only thing they do is fight. You can have your whole team dead, but caitlyn will try to 1v5. So eventually you pull a 1v5 and learn a lot. But you cant control the minion wave, play for objectives, etc.
Hope this is going to shut all theses flamers up for once, but I highly doubt it. I don’t watch this guy for elo anyways, but because he is one of the view streamers resistent to Tilt. Probably because he is used to dying all the time.
whaaat this is such a fucking siiiick video
It feels so unnatural seeing babus in his natural habitat off stream 🗿
MIDBEAST video incoming!! LUL
TheBaldFFS
This is proof that he's hardstuck masters just because he wants to
Ok now shave your head 😊
лол ананасик на грагасе
Society: Themidbeastffs doesn't exist, he can't hurt you. Themidbeastffs :
OMG EXCLUSIVE CONTENT
Midbeast stole his surprise, now Baus stole his career, ez
You haven’t played in the low elo of PH server yet! Even when your team is 0-20 FF is never an option 😂
I'd pay $350 to watch this
Baus you may not see this but your character is super admirable. You have recieved so much undeserved hate and yet you always smiled. I had been playing League since forever and was hardstuck diamond for most of my life. I had only one wish this being to meet and play with you in a game so I grinded at the end of last season to become high masters. And one day I managed to find you in a game and I couldnt tell you how happy I felt. I could finally achieve something meaninful to me regarding league and now I can move on in life but you were a very important part of my league life. Thank you
You proved you are master my choice.
Cant believe we got a video from Thebaus alter ego, Babbeast the coach
He had 13 cs/min at 20 lol that was crazy.
Literally nobody thought you could get Chal, but damn you proved everyone wrong by playing off meta and getting about 60% wr to rank 12 peak. Amazing job the messi of league
some idiots said "naah he woudl've never had it and what not", bruh if baus plays "S+" tier champions / counter pick like other people he would've had way higher chance to get rank1 for sure, i played moba games before and its huge difference when you randomly or pick 1 of your "3 favorite champion vs specific" or when you picking to "directly counter" couple of champions / picking to have a synergy of combo's with your current team.
Ofc oscarinin was inting, just like in LEC 😂
The unspoken rule is what made me uninstall this game last night, I refuse to play in bronze any longer, I have tried but i refuse to play with unintelligible humans that don't know simple laning mechanics, sorry league I've tried
This was honestly really interesting
One of your very best videos on your entire channel. Well done
Yea only reason this gut climbed to chall is tanks and sion being broken and its funny that this guy literally put his least death game to the video. Pathetic
Perfect Video
Honestly being that selfish and egoistic is really bad. You strategy is very good but when you collect all the gold from your team is really messing them up. Especially if they lose early lane you just don't give them anything to help them...
wpgg
Go touch some gras. Agurin is Rank 1 and Noah 7 is a boosted account
if baus is sjhallenger, im his fan. if baus is gold 2, im his fan. If baus has 1 believer, im that degenerate, if baus has no believers, im dead - doctor utut maybe
"these top 20 players are actually good"  well no shit man
Baus so good he's playing the game without using hands and reach top 25. WP
When he's tryharding he's actually insane. Getting 14-15 cs/min blows me away
Baus is better than 99.9975 of the player base but still gets backseated by people that never saw the light of gold LOL. Thanks for the content and always staying positive ❤
How cool the idea 💡 please do more
I love this form of videos. I hope you will continue to share your skill and knowlage with us. I think it's so much more valuable than simple mindless gameplay.
For those who weren't following his alt account. He hit rank 13 a few days ago before the loss streak. Dude got close
RESPECT baus
I like this type of chill explaining video.
But it's still bald
Haters been real quiet
midbeast content in shambles
BRO REFERED TO THE LOWELO LOBBIIES AS "YOU GUYS" XD
was this not live ? wheres chat :c
4:58 There s ady too
cant wait for the new guide!!!
midbaus
BAUS CAN STILL GET IT!!! LET'S GO BAUS!!!
offstream videos seems to be very good bro
Shout out to xbox mathew just piss chilling rank 3 on the server.
Guys peaked ranked 11 which means he's among the top 10 best European player. He didn't rank 1 but it still proves the point that hes good and a master tier by choice.
I mean you didn't said which march 16
tips from you
essentially a 20 minute ad for his next guide but I enjoyed it
Can't wait for the Sion Guide V2!
I genuinely can't wait for your guide even though I don't play Sion<3 been climbing more this year than ever and hit diamond for the first time, and I already learned a lot from your videos honestly even without playing top much Also I know you could definitely hit rank 1 with some more time but no pressure, love your just having fun content too enjoy yourself
Good Job my man
Yeah I didnt believe the rank 1 due to better region players in eu w but rank 25 is more than good
Certified babus classic
He maybe not be rank 1, but only 24 person can laugh from the baus and no one more.
Bro actually got that close peaked at rank 11 against people who were all trying from the start and baus just did it for a lil fun
respect babus
I like this content alot breaking down an off stream game
I HOPE U DO MORE VIDS LIKE THESE PLZ
never watching midbeast again
Sending out love from the bottom of my Heart. Youre a nice guy who can laugh at himself and that fact makes you so pleasent that watching one of your Videos always makes me smile. I wish you the best <3. Edit: And on top of that youre the reason why i dont tilt in League anymore cause i just started Laughing at my Mistakes.
Dude reaches top 99.9999 percentile of players in League, but Reddit, Youtube shorts, and Tiktok comments will still find a way to backseat him. I love this community 😩
7:59 babus really playing the game without using his hands
Steals the entire team's resources, never helps them, failed to make an impact in the game with his gold lead "terrible team what can I do" never change babus
THE GOAT 🐐🐐
He is without a flaw
Love this more chill style of gameplay breakdown, no chat, no adrenaline, just shilling and Babus talking
13 cs/m lol
I really like this type of video
People will still claim baus is bad at the game and is intentionally griefing games and is a boosted d1 player.
you deserved to lose this game lol
he is top 1 and no one can prove me the opposite
Oh yeah I heard about this off stream some ppl are exposed that other account
Baus being proud of his plays is just so heartwarming
Like that kind of content. Would love more of it
No respect for a man that doesn't hold his words. He refuses to go bald
Start of the vid lists all the pro players in the game and then says his team was trash at the end lmfao get on his level or gtfo 😂😂😂
Even though I doubted you'd hit Rank 1 I still rooted for you and I must say I'm quite impressed. Being Rank 25 is an insane accomplishment and I'm sure you'll hit Rank 1 again this season which I'm looking forward to. So in that note wp gg!
TheBaldsffs stream when?
i always believed you when u say your master by choice. also why did u choose 16th
i wuv u baus
you are better midbeast than midbeast :p
For all the haters that say he is hardstuck master... Not rly baus on stream and baus off stream are two different players
so when are ya shavin bald?
So much more relaxing to watch him without twitch chat screaming at the way he plays like a pack of hyenas
Baus is so good at league. He is so confortable at it that it almost seems as he is whatching a replay while playing.
You brought a smile on my face and made me want to play Sion. Thank you.
Shaving your head bald :)
I saw the Account and though there is a Fanboy better than Baus
streaming babus < off-stream babus
baus my religion. best top laner ever
Beautiful wholesome video <3
Crazy how you get turbo fed this game without the enemy really doing any big mistakes. Keep grinding and you will be Rank 1 in no time. YEP
Damn bro rank 25 is still very impressive. Good Job!
You know shit's going down when Baus calling his teammates inters
What a masterclass
go for rank 1 man, keep pushing, idc if you don't talk while you play high elo games on stream just try to climb to rank 1. Would love to see it ^^
From banned to rank 25. Classic.
I play an extremely similar playstyle on Tryndamere.  The push out bot and TP top play is so strong, particularly if you're in a teamfight.  Once Trynd uses his R he can't teamfight anymore but even if he's 1 hp, he's still one of the best champs for PVE.  So you teamfight then "cheater" TP to a lane and continue farming to maximize your pressure
The real Challenger Coach.
I think I saw him at rank12? it's on win streak. it's insane how he can climb that fast with such little time he limit himself to get the goal. imagine if he just didn't announce it. and open his stream at rank 1.
Of all the stupid comments you have made over the time. This! Is the Baus I would like to hear more on. I think Coach Baus could become one of the best coaches in the world. If you ever chose the coaching career I think you would do great. Most videos is all memes. But this Baus… this Baus is calm collected and proves he knows his stuff. Thank you for the video. You might not be a rank 1 player but I bet you could be a Rank 1 Coach. Sincerely a Viewer named Lyster.
Unlucky you had oscarinin
Baus will always be #1 to me
Great video!!
watching off-stream baus feels very new to me, but it made him more fun to watch (streamer baus is fun, but this is even more fun)
9:39 Basically saying, you are good mechanically but you are dumb as a rock
Please continue this type of content I really like it
The reason not only I main Sion but also still playing the game , ladies and yentlemen , Mr. Thebausffs
stop smurfing
Takes his teams farm, leaves them 2 levels behind. "My team was terrible what can I do". Fucking carry with ur 12 cs min duuhhh
MidBean found his match and might be out of job soon
Based baus shows losing game to highlight important things and not highlights
Still waiting for the shaved head...
He said its not his account because it got games in the same time he was streaming?
Bro you always playing selfish and than you get lose you say unlucky bro this is not unlucky .Stop playing selfish .
baus please don't listen to NF in your free time
much love baus <3 what a giga chad you are
Baus really had 14 cs per minute
love the tone of this video, baus just putting all the bullshit aside and explaining his playstyle whilst being rank 25. Awesome video, awesome climb babus, good job
There's no stream couple days and last stream was without mic and cam, because of that, i thought he is jot in good mood. Glad, he is ok
It’s acc funny how ppl genuinely think he’s an inter and all that. But bro is literally one of the best in euw
bro thinks he’s the hunk of a man midbeast
loved that format. Would be cool if you recorded off stream so we could see your unseen performance. Good job anyway. Im still going bald cuz of you tho(i made a bet)
You know Baus is taking the game seriously when he's only 1 def at 12 minutes
PLEASE MAKE THE GUIDE
in babus we trust
intro was the best :DD respect
never expected babus to play so fking well
would absolutely love more content like this. it's insane how high you peaked, its very fun to watch you playing 100% to win
Challenger is challenger.
PLEASE MAKE THE GUIDE I NEED IT BABUS
Please make more of this content!!!! I love it
I love this guy. Cant belive he fooled us like that. Acting hardstuck master on stream, possibly to lower queue times and being able to stream the game, and then peaking rank 11 off stream.😂
babus guide 2.0 will get me out of silver 🛐
Baus without chat annoying him is so fun. It feels like he’s a good friend that I seemingly have never met.
I must admit as a Platinum player, I find this boring as hell. Im so used to flaming and toxicity over the years, it actually is one the reasons I play the game and enjoy it. I honestly wouldnt be satisfied if I destroyed enemy team (or grief my team that is) and nobody would flame me. Guess I am happy in my rank and seeing this, I dont want to try for challanger (not that I have skill for it anyway)
When he says hes masters by choice, he really means it. Heres proof. Let the haters cry.
Ohhh, today MidFeast did a reaction video, now Thebaus aswell, it's a good day
U actually were rank 12 or something at one point haha. Saw the snail eggs acc and we all knew it was you xD like cmon. Sion, Gragas, Quinn, Rammus, Karthus?? That had to be the SOLO BOLO MASTER
awesome new addition to video formats, love the commentary and the banter as always. keep it up buddy, always a pleasure <3
you're so handsome, let me kiss you
you are the Leggend of the seven oceans !!! ;)
common Baus W  you're still rank 1 for us
Our lil Baus has grown up. He is no more inter. What a magnificent journey boys.
Video explaining how to win games going 1-9 showing a game where he loses going 3-1 xd
You are my rank 1 baus
Thebaldffs
If you were following the account a bit when it was leaked named "snail eggs," then you saw Baus got higher than 25th, but had a few L's that lowered him to 25. At peak I saw him rank 12.
Never doubted babus, never will B - )
Bro i really missed your stream 😢
If I saw you doing this well I wouldn't talk shit to you either  It's when they just sit in their lane, still haven't taken their tower when there are 4 people constantly in my bot lane, then I'mma say some shit to you.
Excited for the guide!
i'm the only one who sees at 8:20 that he is playing with both hands away from keyboard?
Baus: i play selfish and noone complains 5 mins later they lose because sion cant 1v9 and everyone is behind because they fought 4v5 without the only person ahead I would get it as an argument if he won or carried the game, but they just lost and he had almost no impact on the game it seems, the only thing i got from that is make youself ahead and hope your team doesn't lose in the meantime so you rely on others to carry
" I stay safe during the laning fase. " Love to see that there is a big diffrence between on stream Babus and tryhard offtstream Babus
Followed the tips from the video and I got rank 1! (I have 1 lp in iron 4)
It's all a strategy: if Babus played in challenger on stream he would have to deal with the insane queue times and would lose viewers...
AGURIN!!!!!
Baus is not Rank 1.... I fall to my knees. How... How could this happen? After my devotion, my effort, my praise... It was for naught. I don't know what to believe in anymore.
bro thats a fucking aurelion
Never doubted the guy, I still watch him despite other ppl saying negative stuff to him.   This is the reason why babus is in master tier (His main account): https://www.youtube.com/shorts/cHhVGK3Zb5I  credits to nemesis
Don't forget! It's because of players like Baus that others can have a positive kda ✨️
Baus, most of your viewers are low elo, including me. We can't copy your strat because we can't make the right decisions and get the same outcome as you from playing with your style.
Scripted LUL
Are we not going to talk about the fact that he had 13.2 cs/min at 22min?
WP to this Babus he played safe during climbing phase, minimized lp loss, and yea he let some games go but now hes rank 25 and is working hard to hit rank 1! Well played to this Babus!
I really appreciate this content approach, keep mental high babus, u can get top 5 for sure
but hes been like rank 14 on this run at some point
Bro I didn't know he was spectating until 15:08😂
How does he get those camp timers?
this guy is fucking awesome!
when you announced that you will be rank one noone believed you and even tho you didnt make it, at the time most of us thought you fell off and that you cannot reach high challanger. 1200lp is respactable. WP to this sion
That's Thebaus "Horse Tongue" ffs, that's quality
good stuff man, I like how you said that's how I play the game, you know what u want and ur your own person and you play the game that way, no bs, no cap
1380lp is still very respectable he was just short of top 10
SHAVE
please make an updated guide babus
HORSE TONGUE LETS GO
baus downloaded a vod of a random guy that plays sion and pretends that he's him 💀
It's nice to see Baus so excited to share what he's learned with us. A lot of high elo players are selfish and high ego and gatekeep important mechanics that newer players don't know.
Yes pls a jugar guide like kerios one wh riven i dont care if the video last 2h
David Goggins says it best "If you're setting yourself goals that you know you can achieve, you ain't setting the right goals".
His 1v1 with Camille at like 10:20 just blows my mind every time how he can do stuff like that. I literally auto space worse than he does on a melee champ when I’m playing adc 😭
preeeeem content baby!!!
The end is coming. Petu playing talon and a deep educational video from Babus
Would be waiting eagerly for that guide!
ty
as you said, (im gold) my early game is quite good but i suck at midgame and moving around the map. i most of the time have no idea what to do.  i am climbing though, im a disgusting shaco player.
People on here really do not realize how huge the gap between rank 25 and rank 1 really is.
gigachad baus making the midbeast video before midbeast could. truly a babus moment
6:35  Nah this guy is so crazy good.  No wonder he can rush top 25 so easily.
please baus more videos like this. you have very good tips thanks.
I win 70% of my games by losing lane 0/3 then winning them later. Diamond 1 :D
Literally made no sense at all.
Baus has changed me so much not only to a better league player but also to a better person. Good mentallity, perseverence and willpower, control of tilt and rage and so much more. (The fact that he had 270 at 20:25 mins, 16.5 cs per min and didnt even mentioned it is just crazy). I will die believing one thing: Baus is the best player in the world. Thank you for all these amazing years of content Baus <3
March 16 is my birthday 😊
Enjoy this type of video, Babus. Make them more often :)
ty buasffs for giving many helpful tips
Great video. Would love more of these. A bit more about your thought process during the game would be great.
I like those chill videos with not that much editing
Number 1 challenger with negative kda is still impresive. Off meta mentality from babus ♥♥
Thank you in advance Baus... I really love how you play and love how you're chill.... I'm just a lowly gold player but im hoping to aim high and reach for the stars...
Now that's the Babus gameplay i fell in love with. Keep up content like this and gl on the challenge
Midbeast is that you?
Thanks baus i learned from this game not to build hullbreaker and splitpush when your team is winning instead you help them win team fights so you dont loose the lead. Thanks baus
Wow, what a fantastic video! I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it. I'm a huge fan of this type of content, and I would love to see more videos like this from you in the future. Keep up the great work, and thank you for sharing your knowledge with us!
Tbh i was more surprised about you not using the lumberjack skin than the rank 25
I'm happy to hear as I climb elo, apparently people will progressively get less toxic and give up less. Though I am in a different region, hopefully it's true for this region as well.
Fun fact: Baus averages exactly 1 game per game.
how can you  not admire this beautiful men? He loves league of legends so much lmao
Even what baus does, limit testing, inting or commentating, im here for it.
FINALLY
Hyped for the new guide. Babus sharing his knowledge will be glorious.
Great vid, glad you can upload a game to show the style so clearly even if it was a loss. Looking forward to the guide!
Great vid babus ❤
unofficial rank 1
as cool as this video was, baus really didnt go into detail on the specific moves he making and why hes doing it especially in lanephase, a lot of it was like talking as if he was playing. Just some more lane specific wave manipulation wouldve been cool
For me he profed the point there
baus having 10+ cs/min with 8+ deaths/game is just crazy
This level of gameplay is the reason I started watching you. Looking forward to the new guide :)
Tips for the guide: Begin just taking notes in a document here and there and eventually you'll just scroll through the notes and see which are actually relevant and there you. pain points for your guide video
Rank 1 in entertainment ❤
Baus is by far my favorite league player.
Ахахасик
dont worry baus, rank 1 is so hard to hit these days. Congrats on reaching Rank 25 u deserve it.
good work baus
I love you
How in the start of the video move the mouse no hands ???
33% Winrate Karthus I respect it
Thanks “thebausffs!”  I followed all your tips and was able to grind my way from diamond 3 all the way to silver 2!
would u guys recommend jacksho or heartsteel i have gotten good results with jacksho but here he takes heartsteel any ideas when to take jacksho and when to take heartsteel
you gotta keep your promise baus.... thebaldffs incoming
Getting tips and tricks from Leagues most successful inter is exactly what we all needed. Thank you Baus so generous
really enjoyed the video, perhaps more like this one in the future?
impressive work baus... rly enjoy your style of playing this videogame. keep up!
Looking forward for the sion guide ! Im hyped !
Head shaving stream when?
I actually really enjoyed you reviewing your own vod
As a certified certifier, this is certified as a baus moment
For how much Baus acts dumb on stream (flat earther kek), he is actually very knowledgeable in league and is good at teaching these things. I personally would love to see more vids/streams focused specifically on gameplay tips/strategy because the Baus tactics are very unique
I like how you are saying you are rank 25 even cause that's what you ended on. You peaked like rank 8 or something I think and I would accept that you say that you got rank 14 on your climb.
these off stream vids have a different vibe
wpgg for the rank 25 climb babus!! You are rank 1 in my heart <3
He peaked rank 11, imagine if he had more time 😮
for real i thought for the first seconds of the video with the background voice and the sick intro you would take some work to your videos and do a story video out of it. And after 3 minutes i just realised its the same inting video i have to see every 3 days because im addicated to this sweden 150cm guy.
babus chall again, i'm happy :)
Baus congrats! I doubted about you becoming rank 1 and I was right... But I believed u would hit top 50 so congrats! (Also ignore your pisslow silver chat talking dumb advices you get too easly angry beacuse of them lol)
i love u man
FART!!!
No one says u are inter well off stream but on stream can u at least  map cover plz
Agurin believing in the Bausffs
Oscarinnin sure is a good player! Especially in the LEC
Certified Babus Classic
A rare, youtube-exclusive baus 👀
but like people make fun of baus and then he just grinds some random account into rank 25, while these guys cant get 25LP in gold4, like how can you not see what a good player babus is
The best YOURNEY!
8:30 that jax outplay was pretty sick
С Ананасиком попался, вау
The fact that he really did his best to achieve what he stated is already admirable. Even tho he didn't achieve it, he prove himself that he can be at the top of the ladder if he try hard. Wp baus
Just because you couldn't get rank1 yet doesn't mean you should stop, you can get rank 1 by the end of march
Never doubted you!
Damm u suck rank 25 lmao, said no one ever
if baus just went for gragas every single game i am pretty surre that he would be able to climb even further his gragas is dope
BABUSSSSSSSS, Lets GOOOOO
believers omegalul, mods pay
I've recently seen the video where you beat tfblade in a charity event and let me tell you, this video was gold from start to finish. When you say in the mic I didn't know this was a charity event I only wanted to shit on tfblade I SHAT my pants
Horse tounge 🤘
haha no way midbeast???
Still congrats baus,u are amazing player and best lol streamer
Baus cosplaying Midbeans what is this
RANK 1
lol
Noooooo bausffs you gotto go bald
Mad respect getting rank 25 in that amount of time! I don't blame you if you enjoy having fun over try harding. 100% if you try harded for just a little bit longer I think you'd be rank 1! What a God Gamer!
that was just perfect, congratulations man
horse tongue
bro claims for reaching rank 1 🤣
plot twist of the century
Thebaldffs my boss.
bro is ACTUALLY masters by choice 😭😭
better than midbeans
GJ mr. babus! good stuff, love to watch your stuff :)
I knew I doubted for a reason lmao.
ilkk firstt
I was a believer, and even if babus didn't reach rank 1, I still here.
you can do it babus
You're a beast either way.  Thank you for all the content!
first
Baus will always be rank 1 in my heart <3
LOL! "I AM STUPID". You gave it a hell of a run man!
first ayyooo
a
POg
BEAUTIFUL
Rank 420
For all the non-believers out there I can confirm this is a certified babus classic
pog
Snipe tyler1
First
GO FOR ITTT
the baldffs when?
noway
first
Giga chad
BAUSS
I WAS FIRST!!!
FIRST
gang
FIRST
first
first
First
