thx Matt and crew
CAD.... Cardboard Aided Design
0:05 Why is there a bottle of lotion and a tape measure next to the computer? 😳😅🤦‍♂️
💯👍❤❤❤
Do it forLizzie
You go ED 🥶
I love to see how all the different companies are friends and help each other
I am sure you miss Tom and his computer skills. Does he still help when needed since you are all prone to help others when needed.
GOD BLESS YOU ALL MATT GREAT VID.
Seem to be dealing with it well coop! Keep your head up l! As much as is sucks carnage makes for good content just keep moving forward and it will all work out in the end. Rooting for you buddy
Another awsome up grade ! Love Lizzy ! I LOVE YOU ALL !!!
I recommend using copper washers instead of steel ones. They will compress and thus evenly distribute the force and so even out any bumps or imperfections.
21:28 look up what a pancake adapter can do for you ;D  For impacts, there are also swivel adapters. :)
6:18 the second one would be a legal one. You got the first two letters for a city, then two letters you can choose, and then some numbers. So "MORR-VAIR" isn't a legal one. - "MA-OR455" however is.  Why 455? I have no idea.
6:08 yep, they are French. That's why there's a "D" on them for France 🤭  Nah, they are German. D stands for Deutschland.
Hello Matt, the sign you are holding saying "Morr - Vair", is a German Car Tag and you install it in the front of the Wrecker. Normally in the lower center. Just so YOU know. It would look cool !!!
6:12 Dutch.
1:14 Is that hand lotion next to the laptop....
I've had to get swivel fittings for the shock reservoirs on a couple builds I've worked on and they worked amazing for getting the reservoir hose out of the way and they swivel so no binding or side pressure on the hose or fittings❤❤❤
matts gas station diet is pretty terrible, he won't last long
Love the Red Green quote. Thanks for that, Tom.
I swear the unsprung mass on the wrecker is more than an entire car
Sure seems like those pinion guards are only supported on one end and likely to fail if they pound into a trail rock on the UNsupported end.  Hope I'm wrong.  😕
My biggest problem with the wrecker is it doesn’t seat 4. That means no cool videos.
Doing CAD on a screen so small is so hard. Invest in a bigger monitor.
BE PROUD OF THE WELDING LIZZY .. THUMBS UP GIRL
Wow Matt you are a very good man thank you for everything you do. Wish there was more people like you.
Plates are for Germany, I believe (unless it's denmark!?) The D signifies something to do with the country of origin anyhow.
For sure sign the practice welds and hang it up! That rocks
Definitely Frame and display Lizzie's 1st welds.
nice on making the shocks remote reservoir, but now you need to take them apart to properly refill the oil and get any air out. they wont work right and will likely do bad things. also I believe they're shipped with 200psi of nitrogen charge and only nitrogen should be used to charge them. been a long while since I fiddled with any of them though.
what happens when the wrecker needs recovered? better build a few more. 🤣
Lizzy is very annoying🥱
d is for deuthlands
Ok, Dove dast. Dom. Ab. Surv. Thr.
Tom, is my idea of ‘the brother man’s brother. Noticably, not fakin’ it, he creates  precedent, at every turn and is a strategic foil, for matt. 💜
Yall need to invest in some ratcheting wrenches!
멋지네요  Very nice video
Has he ever posted a date publicly for this stupid contest? This is embarrassing at this point
haha!  I love the bench mounted hand grinder!  I love it when people think outside the box, and Matt and his team do this ALL the time.
The European licenses plates are from Germany. D is for Deutschland.
i like the safety squints at 23:10 i have the same pair 😂😂
CAUTION: grinding without Safety glasses
Please wear glasses
Leaving two long temporary studs or bolts in could have helped maybe🤔
Just finish the wrecker already!
Tom Tom's got veins popping out! 😍😍😍
19:27  WHy not use a racketing open box wrench? Second Im a new watcher and maybe you should do a video on your crew and where they came from (work experance) and who is related too who? Thanks for all the great build videos.
The MORR crew and especially the fans have done it again! $60K, that's outstanding!
Caught the Red Green reference.  I’m a man and I can change if I have to, I guess.
Tom Tom, nice reference to Red Green!
Get Tom Yom a 27” monitor so he can do his work so much easier and quicker.
ارجو المساعده
From a Brit. A wrench ( Huge to Very Small ) can be either :Adjustable pliers-Mole grips, Which are Cool, Very Adjustable and lockable, Various sizes available .  Spanner is just a Spanner, Open or Closed face.  Nicked this for Explanation.    " Why do the British call wrenches spanners?  'Spanner' came into use in the 1630s, referring to the tool for winding the spring of a wheel-lock firearm. From German Spanner... Or a Spanner can be a Brit (Britain, Ireland, mildly derogatory) A stupid or unintelligent person; one prone to making mistakes,
mats tanka truck
Hang pizza's gig weld. I think it's cute.
Think safety.
Nice Red Green reference Tom… not sure if that was intentional but great either way.
Hey, you hung a caution sign and then you removed a portion of that wrench on the grinder without eye protection I’m curious why. And several more times. 😢oh yeh I forgot you said “caution sort of” Lololol.
Need to invest in some ratchet wrenches for sure!!!!!!!! Wouldve made that install easy peezy!!!
This channel has the most ads.  Great channel, wish there was less ads. My last thought is the fact that you helped the dove center is amazing. Thanks for that.
I Vote Merlin
D - Deutchland - Germany 😂
6:13 Matt these are German license plates, (D) --> Deutschland. Greetings from Poland. ;).
Hang it.
Question. 1) Why are you advertising on your videos that are building the world's largest off road record and yet your goal is only to recover razors inside by sides? 2)  How are you gonna have the record off road Olympics and it's only aimed at recovering side-by-side?  We all know that;  Diesel brothers,  Mater,  old school garage   can recover much bigger than a Razer.
It should be called the “MORRWRECKER” y’all heard it here first.
Look in the blue field. D = Deutschland. Germany.
"D" is Germany; MA - Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg; The rest of the numbers and letters were chosen by the owner of the car. 👍
I haven't watch this in about 5 months I really want to see this thing run and out doing its job
Love the Red Green reference.
I like the bench mounted grinder idea, might steal that.
Trevor long time not seen? Where is he?
SAFETY GLASSES MAN!!!!!!!!!
Well TOME.......Your part your are drilling needs to be in a clamp... And the boss can come in the shop when he feels like it.......
do push ups man....LOL
Oh my God is it finished yet? I want to see it in action lol
Hang it up, practice should be remembered
I love the on going paying it forward.  Good for you Matt.
I like how they hung the door from the Golden Nugget on the wall!  The door that Ed built 40+ yrs ago.
Put some ratchet wrenches on the list to get!
Hang it on the wall!
Hi Matt, I think special events like the Dove Center and the All Abilities Park should be on a video of their own, might bring more awareness.  And while I can't imagine it would ever happen, a viewer may stop watching the longer video and miss the ending of the feature video.
I hope it's not an awkward question, but where's Trevor?
Not that it matters but seeing all that metal starting to rust has me wondering, why no paint or primer? So much brilliant effort from so many talented and skilled technicians putting together an amazing technological wonder only to see the relentless progress of unchecked rust corroding from the frame up. But you must have heard or read this same observation at least dozen times.  If that is the best you can do, so be it...
Hey Tom, love the Red Green reference.
Is that defeat Matt?
Hang Lizzies welding sheet up
Lol the 3 Year Build is coming along, you can roll it back and forth 🙂
Love Tom Tom quoting Red Green ("If the women can't find you handsome, might as well find you handy.").
Great that you could help the Dove center.
So does everything  get some kind of epxy paint or somthing on any metal?  Wear safety glasses when gringing.  It feaks me out.  My Dad id blind from Glaucoma.   You don't  want to lose sight.  It SUCKS...
Are you guys gonna paint the frame , winch boom and all the bare metal? It will be a nice rust red in few more weeks.
Thank you Matt and crew for that donation. As a victim of domestic violence, i know the feeling even though I'm a guy. Even though I don't live in Utah, thank you again for the donation that will help people that are victims of domestic violence situations.
Love the red green quote 12:34
I think you should put the welding on the wall
D for Deutschland / Germany.. And you probably don't know who your vice president is either...
French ........ nooo! :D (D = Deutschland)
No Tom Tom in the UK we call that a spanner. I think it’s only in the US that it’s called a wrench.😊
Lol invest in some soft jaws guys! Pains me to see you holding that with Amazon package garbage.
Really incredible support for the Dove Centre. Awesome. So impressive. Your channel is terrific and I enjoy every episode. Huge applause from the UK!
Just curious, what happened to Trevor?
Will you take it apart and paint it when your done
Snd lizzys weld  to Paul maybe he can learn from it
That thing is looking absolutely amazing guys.
Hi Matt I noticed you cut a slot to make a bend in steel plate and then weld the slot, when I was at work we would use a hot line to bend plate. Regards Dave.
Awesome crew, Awesome job!!!
Come on guys pull the finger out, I've hanging waiting to see the wrecker in action.
Excellent Job Matt's Team. Wishes from Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. Keep it up.
Where’s Trevor been? I haven’t been on YouTube in a couple months, he still part of the team?
The two german licence plates (D=Deutschland) are nice. One is an original from the city of Mannheim (MA) the other one is fake, but you can get one with your name as long as it is clealy not an offical plate. The offical plates have 1-3 letters for the city, empy space, 1-2 letters random or choosen by the owner and then 1-4 numbers, also random or choosen by the owner. But you can't choose every letter / number, because of historic reasons or bad words.
Stop using the impact for bolt extractions.
20:47 I mean it's fixed now I guess but you could have just held a screwdriver with your teeth and use that to keep the button pressed, leaving both hands free. Not really sure why Tom is complaining, to be honest!
Bring Trevor back as a consultant, get er done quicker. Rebuild the engine too
Can you flip the shocks to the other sides
HANG IT!!  Lizzie you'll thank Matt later in your life...
Definitely hang Lizzie's welding on the wall.
I really hope your planning to bleed the air out of those shocks
Fab rats   We do it nice cause we do it twice
@tomtom—love the Red Green show reference!
Tom Tom likes red green show
Hats off to the MOR Team!! Well played!! Teared up just a bit!
The two License Plates are German,  D is for Deutschland.  The „Morr-Vair“ one just uses the plate as a sign, the „MA OR 455“ actually uses a legitimate lettering format and indicates a registration at the municipality of „Mannheim“.  Greetings from Germany, love to follow your journey, it‘s been a fantastic one so far.
12:10 Ahhhh... a fellow "Red Green Show" junkie :D :P
What are the Events?  Hope it's more than just going up a rock. How about things like  : Hook up time,  weight estimations, snatch block pull.  winch line play out length  timing through designated course.   timing to turn over an upside down rzr    backing up with trailer course   it's gonna be fun...  WHo's making the trophy?
Those rotors look like they'll overheat since they're not vented, especially with those closed rims
How long till she’ll be in service
These are German plates ..that D on the euro blue for Deutschland
Probably time to invest in some ratchet wrenches :)
This is awesome to watch.  Thanks for sharing your passion project.  Sure wish you guys would wear eye protection though.
I really appreciate the work you do to raise money for worthy causes, like the Dove Center and how you give back to the community! And I am really enjoying the Big Banana build, otherwise known as the Big Wrecker! I am looking forward to seeing it go to work!!
Hang up Lizzys welding for sure
You and Jamie and the crew make this world a better place. Blessings to you all.
Yes put it on the wall so you can do another one in a year or something, so you can see how far you've come.
I’m happy that I donated to this cause…
This thing needs to be done already. Videos of build are getting old. Lets see it work now.
The older I get the more I depend on my PPE, never liked wearing gloves but as I get more into fabrication projects, and depend heavily on my angle grinders, I've come to wear them, also my dust mask and face shield. I've mentioned it before, but Lizzie is such an ideal employee, & awesome person in general.
The wrench/spanner is actually called a thingy in the UK or whatever comes to mind, sometimes just pass us that , whilst pointing!
When are you gunna finish the darn thing.
Is it only me who’s wondering why jefe has a bottle Jerkins sitting next to the laptop?
Change the top bracket and twist, the shock tower a quarter turn clockwise
Wasting time with all your little signs get your rig done
Four years later, it will be done just in time for the apocalypse
Frame Lizzie's tig art and hang it up.
You should flip the shock and put the resivor on the inside corner of the shock tower
The License plates are from Germany, the D is for Deutschland :-)
All i can say about that pinion guard is… What a pain!
Matt, I love your video's working on the wrecker. I like the idea of adding the hose to the shock to change it's clearance. Please tell me that is a Gates hose. I looked at the video and do not see the Gates logo on the hose. If those hoses happen to be a Parker, take them off, throw them in the trash and get  Gates hoses. I work with construction equipment. High pressure Parker hoses fail. If that hose is a Parker it will be the weak link of this truck.
It's been a while since I had time to watch anything on YouTube. I'm happy to see that you're still going strong.....Also Where is Trevor? Did he ever get that raise 🤣
Can't wait to see this monster doing some pulls.
What in the world was that grinder bench contraption?
32:08 takes TWO to TANGLE😁  I'D LIKE TO SEE HOW THE *HOMELESS OLD PEOPLE* ARE GETTING HOUSING *😢IM 66 AND STILL HOMELESS😢*
Ed is going to love that APPARTMENT,  BUMMER HE'S running out of time to be alive,  I'd love to be the next  NIGHT WATCHMAN , NO HURRY ED ENJOY ALL YOU CAN 💕👌
Stupid question from one who's off-road wrecker is early planning phase, could you fit that shock (spun around) so that the hose is 180° or 1/2 way around or at thutha side gaist shock support kinda thing... I guess there wouldn't be space but sometimes crazy solutions come from weird angles, as I've learnt
Tell Lizzie today Jan 18 2023. We have 94% humidity! Saw here talking about it on your show! And it’s 71 today. We are in NC
Hang that piece. Won’t ever be like that.
Look up ENDLESS AIR. It's an Air compressor system you need on your rig. Basically an Air conditioner pump converted with a lubrication system to be used for compressing air that runs off a belt drive.
why do you have a bottle of lotion in the editing room?🤣
Tom Tom.. favorite only second to lizzy..lol.. well your all ggod guys!
I dig your heart MORR Team.
Licensplate D stands for Germany [ Deutsland ] ,.... ( I thought ) 6:05
I live in Wisconsin and love to trail ride. I see lots of stuck or broken down side by sides on the trail and this gives me an idea of making a mini wrecker. Thanks for the updates on that beast!
Lizzy, do a new one and make him hang it up beside the old one. Progress is cool.
grumpy matt has turned out to be my favorite matt
come on man, hurry up and finish it pleassssssse, We need to see it in action
Its kinda creepy how obsessed people in the comments are with Lizzy
With all the fab work you guys do, you should invest in a plasma table to design and cut out the parts you need right there.
The european Mor-vaire  license plates were German.  the D in the blue segment stands for Deutschland
Nice to see a Red Green fan...
👍
I feel like this is a Tom Tom and Matt special with just the two of them messing around 😂
Man O Man….you guys operate without eye protection. I did as well. Caught some metal in the eye….took 6 miserable months to get that fixed. Pain is finally gone, but my eye is messed up for good., cant pass an FAA medical anymore……..all for a stupid failure to wear a $2 pair of safety glasses.
Where has Trevor been lately?  Did I miss something?
What happened to Trevor?
Hello all I'm want to know What Breed is PEANUT THE POOCH??
Cross thread is as good as locktite
How incredibly rewarding it is to be in that position team.  You guys are awesome
It hasn't occurred to anyone to hold the pinion guard up with a floor jack? 😅
Love how you help the community and your team grow. And Ed’s place looks awesome!
What's the point of the washers between the pinion guard and the axle?
I admire your dedication and commitment to help others who need most, congratulations again to you and your team also you’re beautiful wife ❤❤🎉🎉🎉❤,
If the women don't find ya hansom, they should at least find you handy. Great reference!
Looks like a R-190.  Had one with a dump box on it. Unit was gone thru, body work, engine, etc. All original, looks great.
So awesome. You guys are the best. Hey Tom Tom... Great job 👍
You Guys are great!  60K!
Love your videos but you need to improve the audio, half the time you can’t hear what you guys are saying
Definitely hang up the first welds!  I still have my first welds from 20 years ago hanging in my shop.  Sounds silly but it motivates me to keep learning...
hang it on wall
That is great that you will be able to have all the parts that can be downloaded. That will be so helpful to so many people. I would love to build an International kinda like yours Matt. I love it.
You seem to lack imagination inventing workarounds of that piggy-back reservoir. Just turn the top of the shock 90 degrees and make a  heavy duty T-bolt retaining the top of the shock.
The car license plates ar from Germany
Where did Tucker go?
What's up with the audio (dialog specifically), being so low lately.  I use to be able to hear them with my phone set about 50-60% volume, now I need 90+ just to hear voices but then need to immediately lower volume when grinding/banging is happening.  Like the vocal frequencies are being filtered down.
Why do you support the Thin Blue Line
That's alot of work and money.
Temperatures were always be higher when you hang a thermometer higher:-) typically your thermostat is about four and a half  to 5 ft
Good for both of you for helping!!
Nice air safety glasses
Put it above the welding helmets
Beautiful and precious people 🤍
That’s gold of heart, again you did it this time the YouTuber people all over the world, international help which is nice of them awesome good job, teamwork. God bless everyone.
Get ratcheting wrenches.
Make sure you put a lot of lights on the truck with a cool looking light bar! I’m talking about wig wags flashing lights lights inside lights 😂🤷🏽‍♂️😂👊🏾👊🏾✌🏾
Why would you put a blue line flag on your wall that's like putting S.S. Nazi flag on it, you desecrated that American flag
EU as in European Union license plate from Germany.   D = Germany F = France S = Sweden FIN = Finland DK = Denmark NL = Netherlands EST = Estonia I = Italy  And so forth.
Where is Trevor?
Talking about dropping that cover on your face reminded me of a coworker who dropped a starter from a '74 Cadillac Eldorado on his face. Broke his nose, right orbital socket and his jaw...talk about a bad day. 🤣🤣
Lizzy first weld should be hung. Also where has Trever been?
spring for a quality drill press maybe, bet your looking for newer old school press, the chuck drops out of my harbor freight press.
HANG IT ON THE WALL!
I love the Red-Green homage!  :)
7:14 it’s responsibility of both the employer and employee to ensure that work is completed safely. Especially on when you’re documenting your work and posting it on the internet you should be doing absolutely everything you practically can. Liability usually falls on the employer in the case of serious injury or death unless you can prove that you had taken all actions to prevent an employee from injury. (Ie: corrective actions for not wearing PPE etc…)
Did anyone suggest tilting the shock towers inwards if still possible?
auction The Lizy weld Plack, be huge bragging rights for following the channel.
tom, has been in the land of SAFE and now he's taking the place of a trans jack... lol  Tom, don't be afraid to use your stop work authority.
umm a rack screwed to wall with wood pegs to hang leathers and hoods?
I think  Lizzy should have a wall to her self!!  Right next to Tom Toms.
Your sign says " caution," but your not wearing safety glasses when using the grinder.
Did Tucker leave for a moment? Either way, always good to see him around 👍  _FMG_
Can you go into detail on how the two winch batteries mounted in the bed will be charged and maintained? DC-to-DC charger? Secondary alternator? What kind of amperage are they being charged at?   Keep up the great job on this build, can’t wait to see it running!
You should totally hang the practice TIG welds. I think that demonstrating improvement is just as, if not more important, than showing success :)
Sign it Frame it and up on the wall it goes.
Curious, how come none of this stuff seems to get painted?
I know you and your crew are a smart group of folks, but in case you didn’t know. By removing the shock resivior you added air in the shock which is not good for a multitude of reasons. The shocks will need to be pulled apart to have fluid added to them because of the extra volume added by the hose and to be re bleed to remove all the air in the system so you can have properly working bypasses.
Crossed threads are better than no threads.
Where is Trevor?
I am shocked that there are only two seats in the heavy wrecker. Four or six would be needed for your jobs..
You don't have ratcheting box wrenches??? Fo shame...would have sped things up with those bolts in the guards to at least get them snugged up.
You guys are really a nice bunch of people.  As much as I enjoy your video's it also makes me happy to see all the things you do that are good for others.
$60,000 amazing guys! Thank you for giving us all the opportunity to help such a wonderful organization.
Nice and subtle Red Green reference from Tom!
Matt, in case of heavy recovery with winch, and truck stopped, these suspensions are not good.... I think it could be useful to install two stabilizers after recovery from a back excavator (see case 590 king construction or similar)
Hi Mat and gang. The euro plates are from Germany. D is for Deutschland.  Its law in Europe to display your country code on your registration plates or car if you travel out of your country in the UK but all the time in some countrys.
Yes hang up Lizzy’s first tigg welding
White plattes vom Europe…  (EC-Country’s) they have a Little Blue Field with a Letter of the Country in it!..  D isch Deutschland (Germany).. F (france), E for Spain, I for Italy… and on and on…
Those license plates are German. D on the blue part is for Deutschland.
The D is for Deutschland on the Morrvair plate. Lizzie should probably TIG her initials on that plate.
this thing is going to be so freaking heavy... can it be too heavy?
Billstien shocks and a bunch of harbor freight junk. What a strange mix.
Hang it
Can't hear everyone
Put a large container of safety glasses at the entrance to your shop. Put a sign telling no entry without safety glasses. Wear the glasses in the shop. You're welcome
ahhh red green show... no truer words :P
Outstanding philanthropy for your community! Great job 👍
Hey Matt, the signs are from Germany not from French, the sign with the MA-OR-455 is from the City Mannheim.
@Matt ... D for Deutschland (Germany!) Super cool!
D is Deutchland (Germany]
The Numberplate is from Germany not French...😉
Now this is exactly why we are big fans; not only are the videos entertaining but you are always supporting your community.  Thank you for all you do!  That is awesome you raised so much for Dove Centre.  Ed's apartment looks amazing!
Is the worlds largest off-road wrecker four wheel steer?
Any idea how much the heavy wrecker is going to weight when it’s done?
I myself am the product of a rape and it's very sad to know that so many women experience violence. I have always loved your channel but the outreach that you do is just amazing. I always assumed that you were a pretty amazing person and that the MATT"s family were equally amazing and things like this prove that.  I love that you attempt to pass on your success!! Thank you for everything you do!!
The number plates are German :) nice to see that as souvenir or gimmick in the us
Those License plates are from good old Germany, the "D" in the blue area stands vor "Deutschland"
D is for Deutschland (aka Germany).
Yes! Hang it on the wall, LIzzy!
Hang it above her welding gear!
Watching the wrecker would be better than watching you hang stuff on the wall. Boring content man.
It's that Mr. Ivie?
She got to be proud I haven't even tried
The amount of fluid you've lost with the remote reservoir mounting is going to negatively effect the performance of your shock absorbers.  There is a specific amount of fluid shipped in those units.  Not only did you lose the 4-6 ounces that leaked out, you also introduced an empty hose that would hold another 6-8 ounces.  Not to mention the entrapped air.  You should get those shocks bled and add the lost fluid back for best performance.
Why not just flip the shocks and leave the reservoir attached?
+1 to Tom Tom for the Red Green reference
License plates are from Germany.  The "D" stands for Deutschland.
Are you guys going to drill the vent holes for cooling in the rotors after cutting them down ,every little bit helps if you do submarine commander thing it helps  the brakes dry out faster ..
For sure put Lizzy's practice tig up. Make it a plaque. Some cheeky words about where she started her greatness would be 🔥🔥
Just occured to me that i dont know if it can or would be street legal. Can it have plates like some of the crazy cars in the US, or it is only for off-road use?
Tom Tom - loved the shout out to Red Green!  The wrecker looks amazing but here are a few small suggestions - do you have quick change air valves on both sides so you can quickly attach an air hose to air up tires?  Do you have a 120 volt plug somewhere where you can leave the charger for your cordless tools?  Do you plan to add a handle beside the door so everyone getting in don't wreck the door hinges?  Have you considered welding on hard mounts for go pros instead of using magnetic mounts (I think a boom's eye view would be great)?  Is there a way to make a light that can be directed from the cab for dark and wintry recoveries? Have you considered painting the tool boxes yellow so they don't get so hot in the summer sun?  Thanks for your great videos!
Your skid plate for your front and rear drive line is great but they are going to hold dirt and water with out a drain hole and are you going to strip the wrecker down when you are done and paint everything or powder coat or paint as you go
Hang it up with pride.
A set of ratchet wrenches would save you quite some time! Keep up the good work!
is there drywall on top of the OSB or did you just plaster/mud over the OSB?
Matt this  German car plates
D stands for Deutschland, so these are German Plates.
What an amazing donation to such an incredibly worthy cause, love watching the MORR team, the worlds a better place because of people like all of you 🙏🏻
The MORR-VAIR and MA OR 455 number plates with a 'D' on the blue must be from Germany where the 'D' means "Deutschland". If you worry that the tires might hit the dampers when steering maybe fit some wheel spacers? 🙂
So what are you gonna do about the hood for the wrecker are you gonna make one or buy ome
This is a job for a ratching wrench!  LOL
D on the table stands for Deutschland = Germany :)
Awesome work all as usual. Loved the reference to Red Green Tom :-)
Lizzy’s art work should definitely be displayed 👍 congratulations for the dove donation
So awesome for you to raise that much money for the dove foundation. So great.
German plates not french, D stands for Deutschland
Yes. You have to hang Lizzy’s tig welding plate but you have to frame 🖼️ it first.
Rude would of finished that wrecker by now 😎.  The channel is not as good without Rude, Trevor and Skeeter! Matt is boring 🥱😴
🍻good on ya
Plates with the D are from germanyfor deutschland :) France would have an F :)  Oh and hi from France :)
This "MORR VAIR"- Plate is a German Licence-Plate. "D" means "Deutschland".
D is for Germany Guys
I have a question, do you have to take everything apart again to paint the truck?
The "D" in the blue field is "Deutschland" > "Germany", and the MA is the city code/short for "Mannheim".
Mor-vair plates are German
Great job supporting the Dove Center
Not a wrench spanner in the UK….Just a tool…a special tool…….😊
New camera is still motion sickness where it zooms in and out constantly, and seems to have some ocean wave setting on stability.
You should hang it up on the wall.
The plates from Europe are German, and very cool too 😎
Matt you definitely need a ratcheting ring spanner for those nuts on the pinion protector. Will speed up installation 🙂
Those plates are German (D=Deutschland)
Rudy?
The blue Miller welding gloves are the best agreed
Signed by Lindsy  . . .   THEN hang in a prominent location.
Focus on helping people rather than helping yourself.
Tom deserves a big fat raise.
GREAT works with the cause and GREAT work TOM !!!
Ummmm… That bench grinder though… 😳🫣
Thank you all for spearheading such an important cause. Love you all
Hang the weld plates next to one another. The first one and the experienced one.
The Red Green Show!!Love it!!!
Who needs gloves when you have superglue, electrical tape, or clotter a peice of shop rag and duct tape for flesh wounds. Anything else needed, prolly hospital time. Otherwise meh.
Hang lizzy weld on top of her welding helmet
Most excellent for Dove center.
Tom Tom has a bunch of lotion in that office, does he really only draw up designs on that computer? 😂
why does Matt's wife and Lizzie look a lot alike?
Matt! I graciously appreciate the long format video!!! I must be missing the second channel or behind the scenes❤❤  After a long day working 3 different hustles coming home and relaxing to impact wrench’s and welders clacking and hissing, off-road tricks and good ol genuineness :)))) thank you much!!
now take it all apart for paint....
With the addition of the support for the Dove center by far one of the best vids you've done, Well done!
I know this might be a stupid question, but where did Trevor go?
Put it on the wall
What’s up Matt Happy New Year !
Good job Matt
OMG Matt! You just put up the CAUTION sign, and then grind under the wrecker without eye protection! PLEASE at least grab some glasses!🤓
Speaking of safety, just an observation: Looking from the front of the wrecker the lock mechanism on the left jack stand wasn't fully engaged. Look how it's riding higher than the right one. Why not at least install the wheels with one or two lugs to provide some safety. I cringed every time you guys rolled under the wrecker with those jack stands. Especially when you were wrenching putting some force into it. Doesn't take much for things to go seriously wrong. On another note, the fab shop for the pinion plate on the front should make that a two piece design. First piece is the ring that goes on with the diff bolts. Then the 2nd piece attaches to it. That way you've got plenty of room to run the diff bolts in and torque them properly.
I got a kick out of Tom's Red Green reference.  Loved it.
Big Shoutout for Tom! He’s always putting in the work.  thank you we appreciate it
Good episode 4.5k + comments can’t be wrong
Germany is what the D means..Deutschland
Matt you and your team are awesome and are great for the community great bunch of people love the channel keep up the good work
You should invest in ratchet wrenches they would total work in all those areas
Those discs look as big as a flywheel for a small block Chevy!
Truly touching Team Matt for supporting the cause and even MoRR-so the donation. WTG!!!
" Measure it with a micrometer,   mark it with chalk  and then  cut it with an axe! "
Thank you for this last part of the video without words
Where is Trevor at?
Matt  you & your family including shop family always set me back , I don’t get to see every upload but  your generosity to great causes puts your channel at the top of all around best content provider  and hope 2023 it comes back to you in all of your endeavors
It's always a good idea to make PPE easily accessible. Means it's more likely that you'll use it for quick jobs.
Lizzie love the rig welding. You definitely need to display that!
You have welding helmets for guests!? Does that mean I can come help out?😁 You guys look like you have lots of fun.
Where has Trevor been?
Wear some eye protection.  Your insurance is gonna drop ya.
Cut off that bushing on top of the shock twist 90° reweld bushings on. Clearance for days then
hang the Lizzy plate on the wall.
Isn't the phrase meant to rhyme? - "We do it NICE, cause we do it twice!"
Please fix your audio.
Hang it up!!!
MATT! You haven't asked yet, but I definitely think the wrecker should be named Murphy. 👍
Auction Lizzy's weld for charity.  Grinding..safety glasses.....naw can't see how those could go together.
Yes, please frame all the practice welding.
I think you’re supposed to hang Lizzy’s artwork on the refrigerator…
If the women  don’t find ya handsome, they should at least find ya handy! Keep yer stick on the ice.
Was that big bottle hand lotion on Tom Tom’s desk . 😂
I would turn the shocks around were hose comes out the back and mount resistor horizontal  on top of shock tower, that may be the way to go.
I noticed that lizzys welding helmet isn't hung up. Did she get fired grom welding?
I may have missed it. What is the plan with all the bare steel. Are you painting it or leaving it?
Great video Matt. Thanks for all you guys do. ❤️👍
You need to get Gilly with Clinton CNC equipment out of Ohio. The man knows his stuff with equipment trucks etc. Doesn’t have nearly followers but he has a tremendous business
Love to see you helping those in need with your channel!
Fram the tig practice sheet
Hang it up
ive always wondered why dont you have any light bars(flashing ambers like on the rollback) on the morvair or banana??
Hang it on the wall!!
Hang it up!
You ever going to to get that wrecker finished I think fab rats is going to kick your but
Look guys, it is day 15 of year 6 of working on the wrecker! LOL it is going to be nice!
D = Deutschland, therefore German plates, French would be F or Fr
Lol It's still a 13 letter manure spreader. I still can't get over those 2 in an open car frame going over the hills laughing all the way. If only they had the power of the manure spreader. but surely we will see more of that now that they will soon have that power available. This time just make sure you got the float installed correctly so the fun don't stop because y'all ran out of gas. Lol been fun watching y'all shenanigans.
Yes hang lizzys wall artwork
Are you planning on painting the fame and all that bare steel?
Man, those pinion protectors were a monster to get on. But you guys did a great job. Dealing with the modifications, needed, but y’all persisted and I think it’s gonna help you guys a lot in the future. Excellent video guys.
One thing you guys should have thought about is where are you going to get that wrecker repaired if it ever breaks down or has problems, because there can't be very many shops around there that would work on something that heavy duty. You'll probably end up taking it a couple hundred miles or more to get it repaired if it ever has structural or mechanical or electrical problems. Something to think about before it happens. 🤔
Are you going to re-weigh the wrecker now that you've added a couple thousand pounds of plate steel and accessories to it?
No real content, just yacking and YouTube ads. Not what I subbed for
Spanner.  I know when I used to like to bloody my knuckles, my preference between Chilton's and Haynes?  Haynes.  Thought I saw a bunch of Haynes manuals on one of these durn videos . . .
Frame it in wood and then hang it up with the date and Lizzie’s name!!😂👍.
Gearwrench👍  worth the money
More Lizzie please🤟😎
Those some European numberplates are German ones (D is for Deutschland). The one saying MORR-VAIR isn't an legal numberplate you could drive with on the street. The other one is an actual numberplate from the City Mannheim(MA), but without the stamps for TüV(Technical Control of the Vehicle) and the stamp of the federal state you registered your car( also used as a verification, that you payed taxes and insurance for that car, because you only get this stamp when you register the car, and for that you need a proof of insurance and pay the taxes). Greetings from Germany.
It would have made a whole lot more sense to put longer studs in the diff to hang the pinion guard on.  Trying to put them on with bolts is absolutely insane since you have to work through holes in the guard.
Where is lizzys green helmet
im very curious on why you use a rope style for your winch instead of a metal braided line
It'd be cool to have a bit from the Dove centre on what to do if you suspect a friend, family member or neighbour is experiencing DV.
May  I ask a question.  In the snow why do you have sand tire on and not big knobby tires just asking  I'm just asking  i have a 48 williy jeep cj2a with tractor tires on it and a 350  chevy    please I'm just asking
don't hang it on the wall just leave it under the welding table
You should let her practice by making an aluminum coat rack for the wall welded together
Matt. I love you, but a angle grinder bolted to a table is not a belt sander. I'm very impressed with how you did it, but please 🙏 get a belt sander lol
That background music was very annoying sorry for the negative comment but it drove me to it .
Like men don't suffer from domestic abuse or sexual assaults,such a stigmatized issue.
So good of you guys to not only support the Dove Center, but also to improve Ed's living arrangement. God Bless!
You are all a classy group of people, love the channel, love seeing yahs help out people in need. Keep it going ! Cheers from New Brunswick, Canada.
I definitely think you should put up her practice sheet on the wall. In a few months whe  she's better, hang another one of her practice sheets next to it to show her progress
Longest build ever
I love that TomTom broke out a RedGreen line!
I'm just here for lizzy
Congratulations Matt and all your crew for your helps and your solidarity with so many important associations as this one Dove. With all our encouragement
Did I just hear a Red Green show reference
Hang up Lizzy’s tig weld.
Hey Matt,  Hang up Lizzy’s first welds..  Good stuff.  Matt H.
The gang needs a computer/tech/design room bigger than the utility closet sized room they're in now! A full size mobile container office with air conditioning/heat next to the shop would be perfect! Keep doing what you do 👍‼
Start it up!!
French? Really…? There is a letter D which must be….. Deutschland…)))))) really sorry if I didn’t get the joke…😢 Thank you for all your videos!!!
The “royal ‘we’”!
Some ratchet wrenches would of sped up the process for you a bit highly recommend for those close quarter bolting situations
Safety glasses bro... Using that flap disc on a grinder with no glasses... SMH
Great job everyone for the kind and generous donation to the Dive Center!
Tile looks good, and the red gaurd behind the tile was a smart cal if you aren't using the Schluter system
I have followed this channel for quite some time now, I would like to make one suggestion if possible. Lizzy is probably one of my favorite people on this channel, along with Matt. It just seems that when you brought in Tom Tom, Lizzy has been a little down to me and Matt and Tom seem to butt heads a little bit on ideas and what not. Maybe I am making this up or not, but I just feel like Tom was better off as a consultant every once in a while and Lizzy was the main welder and number 2 to Matt. She isn't on here as much anymore and not really putting herself in front of the camera as much anymore and I don't think I can be the only one having these thoughts. Not sure if it is Tom a bit irritated or what that he is not running the show, but I would love to see more of the happiness of Lizzy back in the shop. Otherwise, I absolutely love the channel and what you guys do!
I find it hilarious that tom tom is quoting one of our great Canadin treasures.. Red Green.
You guys are amazing for helping the dove center
The MORR VAIR plate was German. The D stands for Deutschland (said Doych-lant) which is German for Germany.
An easier way to get studs out is put a second nut on the stud and undo the inside one the second will stop it from undoing
It's a German plate. The D is for Deutschland
The more vair plate is from Germany.
You guys are great but I am so glad I don’t work with you ❤😂
You should buy a tite-reach extension wratchet
Al those toolboxes full of beautiful tools, and you use a Japanese speed wrench?
Great job with the DOVE center
Man just hanging up that temperature gauge indoors because Ed likes it is just so wholesome - a 3 minute effort to show you care
my guess for final weight is 15,400 lbs
Get your glasses on Matt. Take it from me, having to keep your eyes open when they move small shards of metal from your eye ain't any fun.
6:11 the MORR-VAIR plate is from Germany, that's why the D
The European plates are german
Lizzy and Peanut are all i need <3
Lizzys first tig-welding needs to be on the wall but it needs to framed as well!
The plates are German : D for Deutschland. French plate are with a F
Amazed how Matt never gets overwhelmed by the seemingly neverending list of tasks, gaffes and interruptions. I have a shop full of half done projects I've gotten fed up with and thinking that perhaps on a side channel Matt can provided therapy as well. Wouldn't mind also learning his technique to ignore the cold.
Great to see you ignore the Caution sign you put up and not wearing safety glasses when using angle grinders.
The Plates are from Germany, we call it Nummernschild oder Kennzeichen
6:10 well, had things turned out differently a few decades ago they could have been french... But no, they're german (D = Deutschland)
Ever use tip dip . It will stop the tip from getting slagged up
My eyes hurt everytime y'all are using grinders wearing ball caps with bills and no safety glasses.
Isn't there air in the length of the add-on shock hose that you somehow have to bleed out?
What happened to Trevor - haven’t seen him in ages!
its your shirt tail solo
I see that you don't about care eyes safety glasses on
6:12   " i think these are french" yes,a lot of D in france.Its Germany(Deutschland) duuuude
Of course, you should put Lizzy's first tig weld sheet up.  :) Great truck, people, and show!  Make sure you look us up if you make it to The Big Island of Hawaii.  My grandson & I will take you off-roading.
Matt, are you going to paint the frame black. I have been watching your channel for about a year, and enjoy your videos.
Those Euro plates are from Germany, the D is for Deutschland.
Lizzy's TIG welding is very good!  Hang those Beads!
In Ed’s bathroom trust there will be grab-rails. Even us active seniors need a little steadying now and then. Just saying
Those white plates are german. The "D"  stands for "deutschland"
hey Matt, the blue D on the licence plate stands for Dschörmany.... ;o))
6:15 those license plates have a D letter in front for Deutschland = Germany. Oh...and the one with MA OR is an actual plate. MA is the city Mannheim, OR some custom letters.
Hey Matt! The "MORR-VAIR" licence plate is a German design, as denoted by the "D" (for Deutschland) on the blue background (left side) under the 12 golden stars (European flag). Lovin' the content you put out. Mark (English, living in Austria!!)
The European plate you have has a "D" on it, Deutschland... like Germany.
TomTom with the lotion at hand.  That is some heavy duty CAD work to need that much lotion.
I see Matt has thrown caution out the window again, using the grinder without safety glass lol
Look folks, this "some european" license plate is german and the MA in the MA OR 455 plate is from a city called Mannheim which is actually the place where the first cars ever in history were build and driven. They were called Benz Motorwagen. ;-)
🤠
Red locktite dripping out of my finger !! hahaha! I'M going to use it!
Caution signs don’t do crap.  After a few days those signs become invisible.  Safety is a mix of safe behaviors and a safe environment.  It’s usually easy to remove safety hazards (environment).  It’s much harder to remove unsafe behaviors.  A good start is to emphasize that taking shortcuts and being schedule-driven are high risk endeavors.  Another area of focus is anything that is non-standard work.  Any task that is new, or out of the ordinary is also high risk.  Finally, and this should be self-evident, wear your PPE.
Ratcheting box-end wrenches work too.
Hang it on the wall!
Put Lizzys first aluminium tig on the wall.  The European numberplates are from Germany.
Are you and Paul going to paint all the bare metal work
Does Ed's apartment have a second exit?... not a window.
How much room do you have in the tower it's self? Why can you just rotate the shock so the Reservoir is on the frame side?
I don’t think the shock reservoirs work the other way up. I think all the shock oil will collect in them.
Where’s the ratcheting wrench lol
Those thin cut resistant shop gloves aren't that bad to work in. I like the Maxi-flex brand, Pretty cheap and are available in many sizes from small to XXXL
so maybe i missed something, but instead of relocating the shock res, could you not just tur the whole thing around so that the res is inside the shock tower?
Would be cool if Grizzly Industrial sponsored you some machining tools
Autograph the tig by Lizzie then auction it off for charity
Don't like those washers. Small surface area contact. Will stress the bolts when hit. Replace washers with a one-piece shim and use high strength bolts. My 2¢...
Hang up the first one she did, and then when she gets better, hang another one.
Loved the Red Green reference Tom Tom!
Ratcheting wrenches life savers
Hang Lizzy's practice on the wall ASAP
Greetings guys! The European plate numbers are from Germany ! on the blue line, you'll be able to see a " D "  from Deutschland ! It just happened that I've been living for the past 3 years in Germany!
The number plates with the D in the blue corner are from Germany. (Deutschland)
When is the Off-road Olympics?
when will the wrecker be done??!!
The White Numberplates are from Germany... 😄
RED GREEN SHOW THE ORIGNAL YOU TUBE
Classic Red Green reference from Tom Tom! Such an underappreciated show!
No offense, but it appears you guys have no clue on how to service an off road shock. By removing the reservoir, you have introduced a lot of air which will cause cavitation. The air will be mixed in the oil and create foam, which will greatly reduce the damping force. When you finally figure out your hose arrangement, I strongly suggest that you find an off road shock service company to properly fill, bleed and nitrogen charge the shocks.
Lizzy's weld 100% mount that on the wall then in a years time do a second one so she has a year over year to see her progress
So I paused the video at the 19:38 mark so  Tom Tom could hold the pinion guard for about 45 minutes to allow Matt to get a bolt started. lol
Lizzy carry’s 2 knives.
I just saw that angle grinder bench mount. Is that custom, or something I can buy somewhere?
How are you going to prevent the whole thing from rusting away?
The white plates are from Germany)) and of course Lizzy's practice plate need to go on the wall!
Hang it on the wall
European plate with the "D" is Deuchtland, Germany.
Whoa! The size of that rotor!
Another great video,the shop is looking so good. I love the wrecker ,can't wait to see it out working. Ed's place is going to be so perfect for him and he deserves that,such an amazing man. Thanks for all you do. Love this group.
Is it me or did I detect Matt getting a lil emotional?  If you did Matt, that can only mean you have a heart and truly care for people & your community.  I like the way you take care of your team.  So, all the way from Massachusetts, thank you for sharing your life, your family & team lives.   You have surrounded yourself with good people.   Can't wait to see Ed's apartment finished.  God bless you all.
It's supposed to be "it turns out nice cause we do it twice" lol
I used to work for Motor Truck
Thanks for another great video!
The number plates you showed are from Germany, the D stands for Deutschland (Germany in German).
awesome content, I spend far to much time watching 🙂 just for info, those plates with morr-vair are German (D for Deutschland)
Love your chanel but tired of seeing work on big wrecker. It is a recovery channel rember
You know I stopped watching fab rats because the constant goofball things they do to stretch out content and they support places like sea world... a place where animals are constantly abused... I think its time to complete the wrecker and stop the foolishness
Will you do some rustproofing of the frame in the end?
You guys need to add a shower seat!!!!
6:15 it's a german Plate "D" Stands for Deutschland
Nope...HANG THAT BAD BOY!
when it's the final assembly of the shocks please bleed the air out of them
'D' = Deutschland (Germany) ✌
Awesome work team, keep up the great work!!!!!
What about painting the frame ??
Cardboard aided design is the best
Matt, I said it before and I say it again, always wear safety glasses. When I see all you grinding or drilling it makes me cringe when you all are not wearing safety glasses. Your channel is my favorite and I am so excited to see the big wrecker in use.
Hey Matt. Tucker needs a second monitor.
German plates. D is for Deutschland  Nice Red Green reference 😁
Hi Matt, the plates with MORR VAIR and MO AR come from Germany. The D in the blue stands for Deutschland.
my crawl space is perma frozen, so its always working at making my floor about 50 F, my heat ducks are on the ceiling, so its always 70 F up there (in the winter)- itll be cooler down where Eds at than where your thermometer is way up there
Did you move in to a new garage?
When will it be ready. I can’t wait to see it in action.❤
that darn Lizzys such a scamp (whippersnapper)
The morr vair plate is German (Deutschland)
Handicap hand rails in Ed’s shower?
you are a nice guy Matt!
Looking good.  Lot of work getting done.
Where has Trevor gone?
I get the strong feeling that you should hang Lizzy's practice welding on your refrigerator.
What gears are in the axles ?
Those are German license plates
"There's only one time to do your 1st time"  I vote for the wall 🧱
I used to be on YouTube every night, the only time I get on the app are for your videos.   Great work, love the whole aspect of the channel.
I like the video
love the redgreen reference.!!!
That's Awesome
$60k brilliant, not wishing to take anything away from this, but it's not unknow for men to be abused too, physical less often but it does happen, sexual more than you might think, mental really quite often, the difference here is men really have nowhere to turn, where can the go? they can't say anything to anyone they know, there is not women type support group as men don't talk about these things lest they be branded a wimp if the do, so maybe you can reach out and see if there is anything you can do for them
DE / DEUTSCHLAND --- german license plate
numberplate with countrycode D is from Germany (Duitsland/Deutschland)
D on the number plate is Deutschland i.e. Germany.
Hey Matt, the white plate (at around 6 min into the video) is actually based on a German number plate. EU plates all carry a national identifier in the blue section, in this case "D" for Deutschland.
Matt you need to move your caution sign down to Matt's eye level. You yell safety to Tom-Tom but yet you hand grind , use fixed grinder with out eye protection, weld with no  protective glasses or face shield ,, Cliff try to Stay Healthy
Please don’t weld nuts onto studs to remove them. Put on a second nut and tighten then it lossens the stud using the bottom nut.
I love Tom Tom’s reference to the Red and Green show. Put up  Lizzy’s work. It’s great!
Yes sign/date hang lizzy’s work up. It’s great how morr helped the dove center. So I have a ?  I see raw rusting metal on the heavy wrecker so my ? Is Are you going to task Robbie Layton to paint the heavy wrecker.
is it 90% done ?
Those plates are german. The clue is in the ‘D’.
put Lizzy's practice on the wall!
and at this rate neither will I... It appears yeah gotta "tame" this project.  Way too much time consuming   fabrication making way too much one-off stuff.  Wrecker might eventually be awesome as bugs are addressed hopefully proactively as opposed to reactively just at the wrong time & place  your effort is to be Applauded!  However like most other smaller shops, try acquiring more common F550 parts or the like and retrofit.  Rear steer might have to die a sLow lonely Death...  Determine what business you're in and make sure it has the most success.  As shop stuff is interesting, out in the field rescuing is a lot more fun & Entertaining --$$--  Good Luck!!
Tom Tom quoting Red Green 👍
I believe they are called a flogging spanner or spanner.  I might be wrong so roast away 😩
D is the letter for Germany or Deutschland on the registration plate
Buy some ratcheting wrenches.
Those are German license plate. First cluster of letters in the area code (county). Second cluster of letters and third cluster (1-4 numbers) can be personalized.
It always drives me so crazy as a guy from the north east to see you guys do so much assembly without painting anything.
HANG  IT
I’d hang up her beginning welds. I still have my very first coupon from when I started 14 yes ago
FRAME IT AND HANG IT!
Great episode. The covers did take some time but I am sure they will serve well.  What a blessing to the Dove Center. $60k is a huge amount. Love the wall art.
Is the snowcat still working? Robby Layton is using his!
The D on the numberplates means Deutschland which you would know as Germany. Love the channel. Keep going on the wrecker. You will get it finished eventually.
low audio
6:11 It's actually a german number plate. The 'D' stands for Deutschland. But the plates are more or less the same in europe, only the letter in front is different. In France it would have been a 'F'. 6:20 The 2nd one would be legal in this kind of way, we don't have the cool kind of vanity plates in Germany, always beginning with the letter for the city and then a combination of letters and numbers.
you do not need that holder that you want to mount here, what happens to the protector when you have an accident with the shaft, will you take off/on  when infield? Besides, that big an axle does nor need protection there but on the turning points guys, really
3:00 "Really an inconvenience."
May have been mentioned a million times already but I think the number plate (Euro D) is German.
Al-go-rythm
Maybe it's already said but on the plate, D is for Deutschland / Germany in... German :D I'm french, we nearly have the same plates but with an F ;)
The "D" on those number plates is for Deutschland, the German name for Germany.
Good on you for giving back.
Safety man tomtom lol
Wow, really looks like you and Tom are tired of working on the tow truck, you can really see it on your faces,  no motivation, maybe you all need a break from it for a few weeks.
5:59 hang Lindsey’s welding on the wall. It’s cool to see where you started
The plates are German! D is for Deutschland!
Hack for your coat hangers: use a little left over pex from the bathroom job and a some washers so the screws don't cut into your jackets and other things you hang up.
Wow 60k that's awesome! Y'all are such an amazing group of people who truly care about others. Great job Team!
Yes, hang it on the wall.
Yes   Hang with a photo of her for future generations of young ladies to see
12:11 Quando Omni Flunkus Moritati
“OVERLORD” is the name I’m suggesting for wlorw
Hang it
You guys are incredible, great work on the money raised for a great cause! Keep being awesome! 😊
The European badge is a German one. "D" for Deutschland.
The plates are from Germany, the D on them is for Deutschland. If you need another one with a different name on it, just let me know.
Hang it !
There's not much worse than trying to do solid modeling or CAD on a tiny laptop screen. 😅
אני נדהם בכל פעם איזה כמות של ברזל אתם מוסיפים עליו. איך יצליח לנסוע עם משקל כזה ועוד לגרור אחריו רכבים
Those plates are from Germany. The D in the Blue parts stands for Deutschland (Germany)
Good video , I must have missed why Trevor left. Good wishes to him. That donation was awesome.
Yes definitely need hang up Lizzy first tig weld she needs sign and date it
Why is it called a wrecker?
By the way I just looked at buying a T Shirt to help support one of my favourite channels but even though they are mega pricey compared to UK T shirts I went ahead, postage was quite reasonable considering the distance and I went to the payment page, NO PAYPAL I'm sure I am not the only person to back out as we don't like putting our card details on line regardless of whatever security people use but happy to use Paypal as it is trusted, so no sale, please add Paypal as an option.
NEVER EVER DO A SHOP SAFETY VIDEO, KIDS DON'T DO THIS AT HOME
I vote Lizzys practice TIG should be hung up, she is a wonderfully cheerful girl all the time, and deserves recognition in the shop, anyway she Migs better than I do, and I haven't even tried TIG yet, plus she's is just a wonderful person to have pop up in a video and lifts my day, I think she should have her own channel.
Poor Tom Tom. Matt's like the father that doesn't trust your work. Lol
Would the tubing side of the shock fit inside of the shock tower?
6:11 it is a german licence plate but not allowed to use on a vehicle on german streets.  6:18 is also german. MA (matt) ist also the city of mannheim in germany and OR is for offroad recovery. Usually license plates in germany begin with the city an then there are letters and numbers. The MA-OR 455 is a legal license plate which can be used at the car`s front but not on the rear. But 455 doesnt make any sense for me.  Greetings from germany
D is for Deutschland or Germany. The plate is German.
Hang it up
Hang it!
The plates are from Germany... The circle represents the EU countries - one star per country, and the letter is the Country.  D is for Deutschland (Germany).
Wat was the tire size again...wabo size lol
That'd be great to see the wrecker wheeling at the King of the Hammers 🙂
It's great that you put your YouTube influence behind something great like the Dove Center. Living life afraid is no way to live. Can't wait to see the wrecker in action!
hahaha, French😄 The plate is from Germany (Deutschland)
Why would you put all your confidence behind Chinese winches when you do this for a living? There's only one real winch and it's spelled WARN.  Also...I see you guys continually pull off the first/top wrapped layer of rope...that gives you about 15% of the winches pulling power! You have to unspool the ENTIRE ROPE and get down to the first wrapped layer on the spool to even get close to the actual rated pulling power of each unit. 🤘
Good stuff!! ❤
"I think these are French.". German.
does it help men folk too, not a joke I've seen some stuff.
looks great,  waiting for the episode where you pull it all apart and powder coat it all :P
Congrats Matt, Jamie and your amazing team for being there not only for each other but also the greater community, giving is sharing, something we all need to do.
European plates...D for Deutschland. That's germany numb nuts. They invented the car! Among other world changing thing.
Whatever happened to Trevor? He vanished from your videos!
Can't wait to this wrecker in action will be a beast
micro-ratcheting closed end spanners anyone?
19:20
Always just make the first bolt!
For the European vanity plate- The D below the European Union star circle is for "Deutschland," otherwise known in english as "Germany."  So it's a vanity plate from Germany, pretty popular among the BMW crowd.  Pretty sure the Morvair wouldn't be allowed on the Autobahn over there!
Those number plates are from Germany, you can tell because there's a D for Deutschland in the blue box on the left.
The European numberplate is from Germany. The D stands for Deutschland and F would be France. :)
Hey Matt With all your camera gear is there any plan to upgrade to mics. clipped to your shirt. i find it hard to here you sometimes out of the cars or in the shop. when i use the same volume from the previous you tuber  and if i turn the volume up then suddenly in the video it goes back to normal volume and is to load for the rest of the people  in the room  hope this helps with your editing as well. cheers Pete (gold coast Australia)
hey matt you might think this is crazy but i really recommend you dont put your phone in that pocket next to your heart. Can cause cancer.
The license plate would be from Germany. “D” as in Deutschland. French is a bit of a hit in the groin.
Tom-Tom, with respect a wrench is a spanner in England, Scotland and Wales, in other words, in the U.K.
Hang her practice weld up
What you did for the Dove Centre is Brilliant.
sell Lizzies 1st tig to the highest bidder. profits go to charity :)
You and your team are modern heros too !
License plate..  D = Deutschland = Germany
Do you not own ratchet spanners?
This entire ceew has the best heart of giving to the community that supprts the channel.
getting old hearing excuses
Hey guys,plates are from Germany aka Deutschland hence the D 👍🏻
Hang the TIG welded plate. It is great, it is art!
i caught that red green reference
I hope you replace the screws for welding helmets, jackets with real hooks.   Checking if pressurized.  Eye protection. Please.
@ timestamp 6:10 --> these plates are from Germany ("D" is Deutschland )
The license plate is from Germany
sounds like ur in need of a mega wheeel spacer lol
The license plates with the D on them are from Germany. The D is for Deutschland, the name Germans call their country. The circle of stars represents the European Union. 😊
"We" got alot done. Did Matt suddenly turn French?😉 Tom-Tom did his Terminator 2 impression.." I (pant pant) don't know (pant pant) how long (pant pant) I can hold this! (kuh-BOOM!) 🤣
The Dewalt Grinder set up is cool. Never seen that before.
great stuff matt  , love your build , love your crew . i must have come in late on your show , ive been watching for two years or so and ive never heard how EDD fits in ? I know he's important and loved ,but i dont know if he's family or what , sure its a nice story , cheers
9.55 mm - 7/16"  cool dimensions lol. That's like eleventry three inches.
CAD - Cardboard-Aided Design -
The car plates are from Europe alright but not France but Germany, the D stands for Deutschland.
Hang it on the wall for Lizzy !
You should hang Lizzie's tigs on the frig!😆
the plate Morr Vair was German
You do so much to help your community. 👍
D for France yeah Matt? haha, its Deutschland. So Germany! (the number plates)
Kudos to you Matt & your great team. Wishing you all a wonderful year. Cheers from B.C. Canada.
SAFETY GLASSES ARE SMART ESPECIALLY WHEN SANDING METAL WITH SPARKS FLYING WHILE UNDER THE CAR
Matt and your whole Team did a wonderful thing, helping band supporting those in need, which happened to be the Dove Center. Your supporters stepped up Big time. Congratulations to your supporters Too! Great job Tom Tom😎🤙
I wish I could work for you
Hi Lizzy :)  Yes Put it on the wall :)
The Morr Vair license plate is from Germany identified by the D for Deutschland /Per from Denmark (DK)
Very nice..
red green quote!!!!!! awesome!!
11:52 Matt those are nitrogen filled shocks 250psi sounds just like what you heard. There isn't a lot of gas in those shocks just enough to keep the pressure on the oil to keep it from aerating. Also don't put shop air back in it nitrogen doesn't expand with heat like shop air will.
Where is Randy, what happened to him?
Lucy what happened to you green helmet did you took it home that is your favorite color and you didn't put it up there
I feel like ratchet spanners would have worked nicely here
Wow, Matt, as nice as your whole office is - and this has developed so tremendously - you still need more space!! But it looks comfy!-)
You’re an amazing bunch of people. 👍🏻🇨🇦
It’s great watching you guys work,but please use safety glasses you only get one pair eyes.
the blue/white numberplates are from germany. the D in the blue field at the left stands for Deutschland.
Number plates? European - the circle of stars is European Union symbol, D = Deutschland, i.e. Germany.
Mad Matt .. when the gangs take over the highway.
Don't forget to give the snowcat some love.
Possum Lodge
Red green
Combat Crew? Димон , Игорь? Вы ли это?  ; ) ) )
Tom is the best.
The Plates with the "D" on the left are from Germany, not France :)
Do you have  to disassemble the wrecker again for paint or are you going for the  rusty look 🤔 ?
Matt, the shocks you remove the reservoir and install the hose, but let air be on shock, there is a method to do it to avoid air bubbles on the shock, check it before put nitrogen or use them, or contact bilstein they can help you.
More often for me it's 'We do it right because we do it thrice.'
Hi Matt , You did not mention Which year for King of the Hammers comp , you intend to Have the Heavy wreaker ready for??? LOL
Is there room behind if you put the inside the shock tower. Maybe a bulkhead fitting thru the top?
Not sure how much room you've got but can you turn your shocks 180° and have the hose run up on the side (chassis side) of the shock. But it is looking unbelievable never the less.
QUIT WITH THE MONOTONOUS BACKGROUND MUSIC……………J F***ING C !!!
Hi Matt,  doesn't the Oil Reservoir outlet need to be on the bottom, or are you going to turn it over when  you officially mount it. With the outlet on the top, you will get airlock, unless there is some other magic going on.  I don't expect you to answer this comment, but I think you need to talk to the people that made the shocks.  I love the work you and your team does and I would be proud to work with that wrecker anytime.  :  )
yes hang it on the wall
Maybe get a cheap CNC router/laser cutter to create mockup parts in 1/4-3/8 wood panel to test fit before having metal cut. that way you test fit exact part your going to order from the same CAD file. there are really cheap CNC desktop cutters on Amazon etc. and your obviously already creating digital files they use to order metal parts from suppliers, its just a fit verification process that allows physical verification of the digital design. or not, you seem to do OK without it. Just a random thought while looking at TomTom and Matt doing CAD for that bracket.
Looks like you could use a set of ratcheting box end wrenches to get in tight places like the pinion guard.
Oh my Goodness the European Sign is German!!!!
Matt & team y’all are the best. Such beautiful people. Keep being you
Don't know if you plan to do this later on, but those shocks need to be bled now after adding the hose. By just replacing the hose a large air bubble has been introduced which will cause the shocks to not damp properly. Another thing is that there should be some amount of nitrogen in the shocks to prevent cavitation otherwise performance will suffer.
I know I'm not there looking at it, but what's to keep you from turning the front shocks around 180 degrees so the hoses come out to the inside instead of out towards the tire?  I know the tower probably gets in the way, but there seems to be a better solution there.
New to your videos and are enjoying them.
That Euro plate is German. The D in blue means Deutschland. The letter(s) in blue on euro plates tell you the country.
Hang her practice weld plate up. Look at it as fine art!!
you need a set of ratchet ring spanners
O Crap....it's a D next to the EU Symbol. so yes it is a licence plate from Germany I hope the guys from Bilstein doesn't watch how u  take the damper apart without refilling it afterwards
Put Lizzy‘s welding on the wall
So, how are you going to bleed the shocks?  And you replace grade 8 studs with grade 5 bolts.  Oh, that's a good combo.  And you show so much caution with the ark welder, right?
Safety squints.... engaged. What happened to caution matt?
Either Tomtom likes to stay well moisturized while using CAD or that laptop is pulling double duty 🤔
The MORR VAIR car sign is from France for sure, because the D in the blue part stands for France, not for Deutschland (Germany).... All the best from Germany ; )
Are you ever going to finish this thing?????????? These videos are getting old fast. Sorry to say but dam. Just show it when it’s done.
Unsure if its a silly question, but can you turn the shocks around, with reservoir or hose on the inside, rather than outside?
You should totally to the wrecker Olympics like 3 episodes long an hour each with a Schmidt ton of different tests in different terrains and weather that would be so fkn siiiick
Matt is the modern day MacGyver in automotives
Where is Trevor?
Hey guys, just to let you know the "french" licence plates are actually german. MA on the second one means the car is registered in the city of Mannheim. Thanks for the great videos!
You have to hang lizzys weld and another one when she gets better
You guys are way too patient with that mounting LOL.  My son and I would have already came up with some new cussing words LOL.
Hang it!
Super awesome on the Dove center 👍
You bloke are doing a fine job. Fine job of building a truck; and a  Fine job of stupidity with regard to workshop safety.  Put some safety classes on for crying out loud! !!!!
Do they help men that have suffered from domestic abuse 🤔
Loved the Red Green reference!
Lizzy's art work - please.please.please hang with the top up. Nothing worse than to display an abstract upside down or sideways.
God Bless the Dove Center and Matt’s Team and God Bless America
The veins popping out in Tom Tom's forehead while seating goober washers are priceless..............
I am glad to hear someone quoted the Red Green show.
And why don't you have a bench grinder? $$$
Tom Tom needs to work on his bench press!😉 JK
great work Matt & TOM-TOM. glad to see you help out the "Dove Center" , keep the work going & put on your "safety Glass" before it's to late.♥♥♥.
Heavy lifting that seems like a Tucker job
You guys have how many welding jackets TomTom why aren't you wearing one
What a Team you've built.  It's a Go To for me.
Licence plate "D" is Germany. Deutschland.
What did Ed do to have to live at the shop? Poor guy should have a nice house.
FFS put glasses on. Im about to unsub
Speaking of caution. I'm still waiting for Ed to fall asleep with a cigarette and set the whole place on fire now he lives in the building.
Through out washers for flush fit...shorter bolts.
Love TomTom's Red Green Show reference!  Canada Eh?
How about a sign that says " Safety Glasses Required !! "   :-)
You guys need ratcheting wrench’s guys!!
It's been really cool watching this beast come together - excited to see it rolling.
Hang it
I recall you needing different shocks cuz the tires touch them
Props to Tom Tom for the Red Green show reference.  "If the women don't find ya handsome, they should at least find ya handy" 😂
"If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy" - Red Green
Matt. the European number plates, they are German, the blue mark on the number plate tells which EU country it comes from D stands for Germany (Deutschland) dk for Denmark S for Sweden I for Italy F for France This is how all 27 eu countries have their letters and some European countries outside the EU have done the same number plate standardization. an example is Norway.
Tell Lizzy she should auction it (first tig alum) off and send the money to a charity she supports.
“D” is Germany (Deutschland)
I’ve got a great idea, make tracks for the WLORW then it can replace the Bombee
What did you do with Trevor?
What happened to Lizzy's green welding helmet Also I see Matt is throwing all caution to the wind and using his safety squints💨😆
This looks like so much fun!!!
ratcheting wrenches!!
Lizzie, be proud of what you did. There is no substitute for learning things with your own two hands, and you ought to be proud of how well you did for the very first time.
Hang it on the wall. So you can always look back to where you started and how you are now. and it will motivate you to do better each time you weld 😃
you got a floor jack why not use it lol
Better hundred dollars you are bent the hell out of the plates
Everything I see get installed I worry about when it comes time to do paint and powder coat on it. That is going to be a hugeee job.
Bro the washers supposed to be on the bolt head not inside the case it's a skid plate
I hope with your building expansion, you plan to produce a line of banana vehicles and raffle them off to fans like diesel bros. do.
Hang the Tig. It looks cool. We all know it was a practice, not an attempt at art. But that is what MAKES it art. It's beautiful. And we all know Lizzy can make some badass straight and even welds. This one is history. It can't be replicated. It is authentic.  Databyter
MORR VAIR plate is German.
Hang it
Matt maybe you should wear a microphone for better sound quality. The audio was not even on this video. Love the work you and your team do.
Love the Red Green Show quote Tom Tom👍🏻
😀😃😄😂😂LMAO😂😂😄😃😀🤔
👍👍
Just wondering if those pinion guards have to be removed to service/remove the drive shafts. God bless, stay well.
I praise you guys for your ideas and quick thinking when fabricating this stuff from basically nothing. Its really impressive to look at something and go "Lets put this like that and that like this and boom, solved" and im like sitting here like "I would NEVER have seen it that way or thought of that"
Hang it
Hey Matt. Have you ever had to have a piece of steel ground out of your eye?  No fun whatsoever. I know you are probably tired of hearing about eye protection. Just a heads up from someone who has been there
hang it up thats some to look at for motivation 🤙🏼
The never ending music played during the shock scene with Matt and Tom-Tom made me dig my own eye out with a spoon.
I'm with you hang that on the wall as it is, Love the content
Lizzy’s first tig weld should go on the wall! It is really nice for all the things you do for Ed! The work you have done for the Dove Center touches my heart! When I met my wife 34 years ago she had gotten out of an abusive relationship so I know the aftermath of that situation! We have been very happily married for 32.5 years! Thank You for all you do for the community!
You should have made 2 world’s largest off road wreckers at the same time. If one gets stuck, you’ll need another to get it out.
Matt, you are truly a saint.
Plate is Deutchland.  Germany
What CAD program is Tom Tom using?
Your crew loves you and follows your example, working with those grinders and no eye protection maybe sending them a message that its not dangerous. Matt , being in the hospital and having someone digging around your eyeball for foreign objects is no fun or waiting days for the metal pieces to rust so the Doctor can find them is no fun.  They are looking to you. Love your channel.
When's the chassis and wrecker frame getting painted?
You have the caution sign up and yet you grind without eye protection.  Work on electrical without proper safety equipment. :(  Talk with Derek from Vice Grip Garage and ask him what happened to him.
Tom Tom quotes Red Green,  cool.  I’m pullin for ya.  We’re all in this together.
On the shocks, can the upper cylinder end be rotated 90 degrees some how, maybe a shim washer??
Licence plates with D are coming from Germany (D like Deutschland) @MattsOffRoadRecovery
I'd either put Lizzy's welds on the wall or even auction it off for charity?
Where is Trevor?
Knowing women like Lizzy are out there helps keep my faith in humanity 😋🤫
When will this be finished
Cannot wait to see this thing FINISHED lol that speaks for us all!!
Bonus pts to TomTom for the Red Green quote..12:10 ...Nicely done Tom!!.... edit....If you dont know who Red Green is what the hell are you doing with your life!!
Wonderful outreach to the Dove Center.  Keep up the good work.
Trending 🎉
The only person you need in that office is your designer.  The rest are wasting your money.
Was Ed ever a cop? I seen his blue line flag
I really don't think that pinion guard is going to be a permanent addition.
Sir Matt. Do you believe in Loctite? Or anti-seize?  Just asking still truck looks Sweet.
Yes display it
Fred  Smithson Hey Matt, what has happen to the Bombi Snow cat?
That's a great thing to do for the "Doves", I'm a bit amazed how they are all smiling - fantastic.
Hang it on the Wall, now make one Today to show how far she has come in her Welding Skills!
In Australia we call them spanners also 🤷🏻‍♂️
If you had a rotary table for your mill you could do those rotors in house!
What cnc program is he using?
Someone send these guys some ratchet wrenches 🤣
jesus christ, someone get this guy a set of ratcheting end wrenches
Nice Red Green reference.
I loved the Red Green Show!
U need a job quit com u tuber out of money
is it going to take another year to get the wrecker done
The European Union car licence plates. A D in the licence plate is deutschland (Germany). French is F
To be clear, going from sea level to your place would increase the apparent pressure in the shock, not decrease it
Hang it on the wall where her hood and jacket go
Hang Lizzie's welding would be great...Lizzie has improved so much over the last couple years...Great job all of you
"Read the sign and feel ashamed about your injury" 😂
Those are German plates. Every EU country has a letter code. D for Deutschland.
Tom Tom, match from red to green
Love the video's and the wrecker build... The only complaint that I would like to share is the audio is up and down in some of the videos... My hearing is not the best and I'm having to constantly raise and lower the volume on the speakers... Not sure if Matt was to were a mic that would keep the volume at a more constant...  Just my two cents for what is worth... Thank you and keep up the great work.
Tom Tom made my day with the Red Green quote. "If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy."
“If the women don’t find you handsome they should at least find you handy”. Fantastic red-green reference.
The background droning music (?) is really annoying
Yellow Cup
Matt you need a set of ratcheting Wrenches. it would have taken 10 minutes to install the Protectors.
👍🏻💯🇦🇺
I love when Tom Tom said he had red lok tite dripping from his finger
Been watching, loving it, for ever. Never wanted to  critique,  but, maybe use Cap screws
Yes.... Hang that beauty then do another 1 in 10 years.
Do two of Lizzies Welds
When is it going to be ready?
Screws are bad to use as clothing hangers. The threads are sharp and will cut and fray the clothing, or your fingers :)
Plane the diff armor so it’s flat and no washers in between as well.
That was a International R190 single axl 18 weeler truck before all the mods. Those were equipt with red diamond flathead engines. Bad to the bone! Those trucks would pull in granny low , just about anything you hooked them to. As long as the weels didn't loose traction. I had one. I know. It was green.  Loved thst truck.
Hey TomTom, I think you guys would greatly benefit from a laser cutter. It would allow you to cut your CAD drawings out of cardboard or thin wood so you can test fit before you order it out of metal.
Turn the shock body’s 45 degrees so the Side with the line is facing forward, and bulkhead fittings to shock towers, mount the reservoirs on the frame parallel to it. Have the smooth side of the shock face the tire.. cut weld accommodate.
You are amazing guys. I'm studying in (U of M) and I have no time, when I need a break the only thing I do is watching your channel on YouTube. can't wait till you finish this project.
Hey Matt safety glasses while grinding please
U need ratchet wrench for hard reach area like skid plate
Watching Tom try to hold that plate up to the front differential, I was remembering a fun time about twenty years ago when I helped a friend remove/install a new transmission in his '66 El Camino... in the gravel driveway.  I could just *feel* the fatigue in Tom's arms!   Haha.    I cannot quite tell (or remember) how much space is available on the inside of those front shock towers, but perhaps it is a possibility to turn the shocks around the other way so the piping is on the inside rather than the outside.  Locating the lower mount in one of the exterior holes would provide a little more inside clearance (if needed), and you could remotely mount the reservoir along the upper side of the frame rail.
Hang it!
Sick A.F.!! Thats what I need to be building... Been into rock crawling all my life, suprised I'm just now seeing this.
23:25  GLASSES MATT!  CAUTION MATT!!!  Great work for the Dove Foundation!
The crooked screw was the best part of the video.
To be accurate it needs to be the FFTWLW, far from the worlds largest wrecker. Or just go with Hurricane Utah's largest off-road wrecker
Tom Tom would probably love a handheld 3D scanner...
Those are German license plates
Get it Tom TOM
Could you hang up a welding helmet for me too? I want to stop by and weld them.^^
You guys are awesome! Keep it up! And thanks for the great content.
Are you guys going to put something on it for fenders or are you just going open wheel?
Hey guys the king white plates with the blue corner and letter D are from Germany.. that is the style plate they use over there.! I have one from my time at LRMC army base in Germany!
Frame it and hang it. It’s shop Art !!!
Teared up the Binderbird,,,, AGAIN!!!
Totally freaking me out with your lack of eye protection. Please wear some!
Hang it on the wall
"So for the first time in two weeks we're gonna go home" - Matt 😅
nice
Maybe your next fundraiser can be for St Judes Childrens Hospital. that hospital treats kids with cancer and no one treated there gets a bill. It really is a great place to help out next.
I hope the Dove Center knows about Emergency Housing Vouchers (EHV) from your local Housing Authority?
You could probably auction off the TIG welding practice as art.
Matt helped because Matt is a good person.
Hang it up, Lizzie!
Hang that safety sign on the wall… Matt, what safety glasses!?
Awesome keep up the awesome work 👏
Red Green
Love the Red Green quote TomTom!
Someone send these yahoos a set of ratcheting box wrenches! Lol
Paul says we do it right cause we do it twice quite often
@10:45 TomTom has been trained on proper use of the claw hammer.
The 'Royal' we
D number plates are germany
hold up , why do you have a bottle of lotion by you pc 0:44 ? And a tape measure?
Give away Lizzy's welding sheet
You guys need a serpentine belt remover kit. It has a ratchet wrench with sockets and would fit for later preference. Gearwrench 3680D. But those bolt heads look pretty big.
First time I heard it was from Paul @ Fab Rats.
All of those that are making suggestions as to what is needed might think about what is going on right now. When the right time comes they will put Ed into an assisted living care center. This is just a temporary thing and when the time comes he will be moved to the correct place and Matt and the gang will see to it when the time comes... Give the crew some credit. They can not take care of Ed if he deteriorates to that point. None of them have the required certificates or licenses. They did not build a care facility. They built a small apartment for Ed to be more comfortable than that tiny travel trailer...
Tom Tom out here quoting Red Green and getting no laughs. SHAME
Caution, keep your eyes and don't grind without safety glasses or at least glasses
Amen guys. For all the incredible good you do. Amen.
Hey just wondering where Trevor went, haven’t seen him In a while
Lizzy is right. over over the shocker tower.
Where is Lizziy's green welding helmet?
To the Dove Center please don't forget about the Men! I have been through it I have lost my kids and  my all of my belongings. IT has caust me over $300k I now have a bring home of $80 a month after the court takes what they want. Because of a gender bypass system. I am at below poverty and homelessness. FYI wife was baker acted and threatened to kill the kids before the court case.  Yet the law looked the other way because it was easier. In the court case the judge violated 5 state laws corruption at it's finest. Please help the men also they are victims also.🙏😢💖
I really don't have any "off road" experience... In regards to front shocks... What about turning 180°? Outside in/inside out... Since your using high pressure hose. Why not mount reservoir farther away from shock. Install hose with two 90° fittings allowing hose to be horizontal and keep reservoir in same orientation instead of turning upside down and placing behind the shock..
I need a midnight more vera for my hot wheel collection
Frame the test plate and present it to Lizzy. She'll want to hang it up above the helmets. By the way...Tom is good. Good Tom.
That is good looking first aluminum stringer. Hang it on the wall.
Put it under her helmet
🙏🏼🙏🏼
Put it on the wall with pride Lizzy!!
ITS LOOKING LIKE TOM TOM IS THE NEXT TO BE ON HIS WAY OUT
Hang it up lizzy!!!
I am enjoying the whole process of building the Worlds Largest Off Road Wrecker. Anxious to see it finished and operational.
FRAME THAT BEAUTIFUL PIECE OF ART  LIZZY SHOULD BE PRODE OF IT
Hang it up Lizzy
I guess I missed it somewhere. Why are the rotors getting turned down?
I wanted to say again I really love these longer videos! They’re great!!
Why not use the lift instead of laying on your back?
Yes, definitely put Lizzys work on the wall
The european plate is Germany - D for deutschland
Make Lizzy's TIG pattern into a T-shirt!
Either hang Lizzy's work, or auction it for charity
I really like that angle grinder jig y'all created. Mind uploading the cut file for it?
Put Litzy’s work on the wall!
love the red green reference from Tom 😂
Matt hangs a caution sign then proceeds to grind without safety glasses.
Tom is long suffering and a great help!!
12:15 keep your stick on the ice
Everyone has been amazing last year  . And what a amazing start for this year  . 👏
Reference to the red green show. Love it
Is the wrecker ever going to be painted? all that bear metal, just wondering.
The license plates with the D on them in the blue bar: that denotes Deutschland, aka Germany
♥
The European licens pilates are from Germany.
Do y'all use grade 8 for all your bolts?
Like Paul Cox at Fab Rats says: CAD - Cardboard Aided Design. Good way to make templates.
Put your safety glasses on
Tom Tom needs a huge monitor for drawing parts!  That micro laptop is no good
I feel sorry for the Banana. It's kinda like an old dog that doesn't get loved anymorr.
When are you going to prime & paint all that bare metal before it turns pure brown the first time it gets wet?  How are you going to paint it without taking it all apart again?,...so many hidden nooks and crannies you won't be able to get into to paint.
Save it that's her first one
you my good man need a ratchet wrench set.
Put it on the wall (the test weld panel)
Hang it!
The license plates at 6:15 are German. The blue 'D' on the left is for Deutschland (Germany in German). French plates would have an 'F' there.
Man, Tom looks like he knows what he's doing, with that CAD stuff! @12:12... Tom Tom with the Red Green Quote of the Day!!! @29:15... if you listen close, you can actually hear the "Bong", when Tom's head hits! 😮😮 Wow, $60,000.00!!! That's AWESOME!!! Even though I didn't buy a black Morvair, I watch and comment on 99% of your videos; so, I'm glad I could help! 😀😀
I don't know if anyone has asked this, but what has happened to Trevor? Did I miss a video?
Very cool!
The "D" on the EU tags is for deutsch ala Germany.
I used to love watching "the red green show" with my dad back in the day! For sure caught that reference from Tom lol
Where is Trevor
Hang it
I'm sure I'm not the only one to mention this. But, make sure to top off that shock oil. Introducing air into the oil side of the reservoir will make shocks act unpredictably, and lead to early failure. I know you arent racing this thing. But, definitely worth doing.
Auction off the welds
Will this all have to come apart for paint ?
Lizzy be proud of your wedding. I am very proud to see how far you have come you are an inspiration to many people ❤
❤❤❤❤👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯
number plate / license plate: I think this one is French - D for ???  Deutchland?? - yep French...   lol..
I appreciated Tom Tom's Red Green quote, if women don't find you handsome at least they will find you handy.
Hang up Liz’s welding! And I can’t wait to see this beast of a wrecker done! It’s gonna b a game changer!
What in the world is that noise in the background? OVER ANDOVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVVER
👍
Hang it. It will be the best in the shop.
I'm think of running for president with a lower case.
I was watching Merlin's old school garage. An they was talking about his wrecker. He was wondering way he not been invited to the WWRECKER OLYMPICS? He would like to go if he gets invited to it.He his a cool old wrecker.
hang it the welds and get a set of ratchet wrenches they save you time and headaches.
where are all the male domestic abuse survivors ? Biased Matt?
Stop rushing don't be like Hitler!!! A littler slower like Massolini.
Yup definitely hang up Lizzy's tig weld plate.
Yep put her first work up there
Lizzy’s body language speakers loudly. Hands in pockets. Head tilted toward her shoulder. She’s disenchanted and just biding her time. It’s too bad for her and this channel.
Put it on the wall
wall
I'm with Tom: why use a drill press when you have a perfectly good Bridgeport mill right around the corner?
I just can't watch this anymore.  Skills get worse, people get less and it's like watching the grass grow! Supposed to be getting this thing and you're hanging signs! Very cute. And in typical fashion instead of some coat hanger brackets we have screws in the wall! Not even us rednecks abortion stuff like that!
This ain't MY wrecker...I don't have a nickel invested....But I find myself bouncing with excitement whenever I check for a fresh video.
Look at Tom Tom pulling out a Red Green reference.
The shock reservoir won't work inverted.
Just buy an OshKosh
You need a more organized space for the computer working haha
TomTom quoting Red Greene at 12:00. Love it.
Put lizzy art work on the wall!
I'm over the build. Wake me when its complete.
Thank you for the Red Green quote - it made my day!!!!!!  You just need to use more duct tape 😂
Buy a Ellis drill press you won't be sorry.
Hang it for sure !  Then auction it off later =))   Lizz is the GOAT.    (edit:  you def. need some ratcheting box end wrenches!)
Those pinion covers maybe a little over kill, weight a tone, least it's low center of gravity. 🤔
a red green quote i like it. nice
Why on earth do you not have ratchet  wrenches..?
You should auction off Lizzy's plate  as an original piece of artwork and then donate the winning bid to a charity.
Yes hang Lizzy tig welding.
Why does dude have a giant bottle of hand lotion AND a tape measure next to his computer?
The veins in Tom Tom's temple looked like a smiley face while waiting for Matt to start those bolts LOL
My cousin had sexul abuse and she's still having trouble and I appreciate matts off road recovery
Lizzy should sign her name in weld form on that plate n sell it for a good cause
Love how Tom Tom quoted Red Green
😛😛❤❤❤❤👍👍👍👍👍🦾🦾🦴🦴👍👍
Lizzys first fruits of her tig welding definitly a trophy of sucess
Lizzy would make a Hell of a Welder out on the Pipeline. It's too bad Pipelining is going away thanks to that Leader in Washington..UGH...Great work Lizzy and Tom is a Great asset to your crew. And that was awesome the amount of Money You all raised for Group Great Video..
This has taken so long that I can barely get through 1/2 these videos!  🙄
Frame that tig and auction for charity
Good evening Matt and family. I was just finishing up with the video when they showed the bathroom I noticed the shower did not have a bench for it. I put a teak bench and my mother-in-law shower. It’s movable does not rust or have mold Issues Something to think about guys. Have a great day love videos.
Hang it.
I'd recommend you get some ratcheting box end wrenches.  I find they work really well in tight spaces.
Love the Red-Green quote Tom😁
Matt, hold up!👀 You have to put your power steering Away from the exhaust.🔥 Possibly hanging low on the frame. For ease of  maintenance.🕺 Remember!  Steering is the funniest part  Of driving that truck!!🎉
Hang it 👍
Put it on the wall!
put it on the wall lizzy
Yes hang Lizzy's work of art
God bless you for helping these women.  I have every faith that you guys will get that Worlds biggest Wrecker to the King of the Hammers on time and with all the work done that it needs.
#25 on Trending nice! great work. Keep it up!
Ratcheting box end wrenches would make tightening those nuts on the studs way easier, I denied myself those wrenches for decades because of the price, but one Christmas they went on sale, have used them more than my ratchet set ever since.
the veins in Tom Tom's head were popping pressing that plate up.
When is the wrecker Olympics
Tom Tom with the good ole Red Green reference!!
TomTom made a Red Green Show reference; "if the women don't find you handsome, then at least they find you handy".  Much more respect for TomTom knowing he is a fan of the Red Green Show, lol.
Matt, looks like you have too many irons in the fire and need some help. Your videos have been crazy and it looks like it's wearing on you a bit. Slow down and take it easy. Life is short.
The red green show!
TomTom quoting The Red Green Show was nice a nice touch, Matt intentionally screwing in one screw wonky had me dying.   Lots of funny moments this episode.
My wife is yellin at me to tell you to have Lizzy sign and date her TIG practice plate BEFORE you hang it up LOL
I haven’t seen Trevor in a while, is he ok?
Haven’t you tried to turn shock absorbers around to face plumbing inwards?
What a proper Red Green qoute. At one time that was one of my favorite television shows.
You should auction Lizzy’s work off for a welding charity or scholarship or something.  Probably a lot of people would bid.
Great attitudes and even a reference to the "Red Green Show".  love you all
Can Lizzie teach me to weld I’d like to learn
What a great job of raising funds for great causes.
Matt needs to invest in snatch on tools, looks a lot more thin than what he had in his hand!
See shiny new "CAUTION" sign get put up, by MAT. Watch Mat shortly after grind a ring spanner WITHOUT safety glasses!!!!!  I've had to have a chunk of steel dug out of the center of my cornea in one eye and it aint fun! How did it happen?  Pretty much exactly like that.
I feel like welding pipes in like Paul does on all his bolts like that could make it easier giving you the option of a socket and extension
Hang that aluminum welding on the wall! Something to remember and look back on to see improvement.
Faking drama or content really?...  you were genuinely great.  Keep it up and lose my eyes
Ayeee and the vid is on the trending page!!!! That’s incredible man!
Great job
we gonna use caution .... 3 minutes later using a angle grinder without glasses ...... 😅🤣😂🥸
Didn’t you just put up a caution sign where is your safety glasses. I see you using the grinder with out your glasses  you only got two eyes my friend no getting your eyes back once they are gone
those p[inion protection plates took some fitting, but they make a lot of sense.  If a rig that heavy were to high centre on a drive shaft yoke, it would do some dame for sure.  The only worry is that if you high centred with the weight at the far end away from the mounting bolts, it would put a lot of leverage on the plate and maybe still do some damage.  I can't see the threads stripping, and the plates look VERY substantial, so my gut is that they will work out fine.   Would it be too risky to try jacking the Heavy Wrecker from under those plates?  At least you'd know.
Someone else has watched Red-Green. LOL
I would of found suspension shop so they could of bleed it out for you.
Suggestion to put carbon monoxide and smoke detectors in Ed's area (unless he is going to smoke in there) Love what you have done for him. Do wish he would quit smoking though, but thats going to be tough.
Looks like a ratchet wrench would have helped you substantially haha. I Hate having to do an 1/8th turn for 5 days…
Hang it Lizzy
Tom had a laptop, measuring tape & lotion at his desk. Hmmmm.... 😊
Tom-Tom is unflappable, isn't he? Those axle guards will never break!
Does Rudy make all your brackets that you use ?
Well done guy's
Ed needs a gold toilet
YES!  Hang Lissy's tig-welding practice piece on the wall... then when she's all professional like... hang a sample of that next to her first one! 😁 You got some very important things done on the wrecker!!  Thank you for all you and your team do to help others!! That is a super good thing you do!!!!
Ratcheting wrench?
Thank goodness! Lizzy is back!
Where is Lizzy?
Great job Matt and your crew for your great donation and all the Youtubers for your support , God Bless .
Where’s skeeter and Trevor I miss those guys!
Keep your game the same way... we all love it as is.
Hang it!! It will show her progression!!
Love this channel they do good things for their community and their employees!!   I hope tom tom grows on me.....as of now ????
That's german license plates with "D" = Deutschland =Germany
Ugly American junk
The "we do it nice, because we do it twice" needs to go to FabRats. They are always using that phrase.
Why don't you guys date all your videos, prominently, so at least we can follow the build  chronologically instead of having to hunt and peck to watch them in some kind of order.
mount it
Need to re bleed those shocks now that you opened them up. Other wise you will get some crazy cavitation and they won’t be doing their job…
Matt, those are German (Deutschland) 🇩🇪 plates. I'm getting ready to move out there soon.
The 'D' on the car plate is for "Deutschland". It's from Germany.
What happened to Rudy?
12:10 Red Green!
I suggest using that caution sign as a spoiler wing for the heavy wrecker.  Literally throw caution to the wind.
Matt question for you… what happened to Trevor? if you don’t mind me asking.
I absolutely love this channel. Matt,  ed, tom tom and the whole team. been subbed for what feels like 4 years. amazing channel
Those licenseplates are from Germany. Letter D means Deutschland and is meaning Germany.
License plate - D is for Deutschland - all the way from Germany
The "we do it nice because we do it twice" belongs to mr cox I believe @fabrats
Tom really adds to your video dialogue.  He is a good fit for your show.
Love your Build, especially the Yellow Cab! Help your neighbor is a most profound Bible Teaching! Ron PTL USA
Look like her Engine
The one sign that mentions “the e do it Right because we do it twice” I believe is from Paul’s Fab Rats!  Can’t wait until the WLORW is complete, a little heavy, good HP, should be an awesome reveal!
Great job for the Dove center
12:10 Red Green quotes? TomTom, you have unsuspected depth! (and if you get that one, you're REALLY old)
Would be cool if someone took the design of Lizzie’s first tig and turned it into a branding iron.
Faces come and go in this shop/channel. Hope that’s not a bad thing, just the way it goes.
And Lizzy's weldingplate must go on the wall
Nice with the Red Green Show quote Tom!
The white license plate are from Germany (Duitsland)
In a world that is hard to find good help all I have to say is take good care of Tom Tom
I assume there's a later step of bleeding the air from those shock reservoirs?
They call bleeding "red loctite running down your finger?" Lol.
Love the Red Green reference TOM!
Matt, the two license plates that you hung up and you asked which county they come from, both are from Germany. The "D' in front stands for "Deutschland". Also just a thought on Lizzy's first TIG welding, how about framing it and hanging it above her welding helmet so she sees it each time she grabs her hemet.
yep put it up
10-4  Good buddy
Hang it! Its a good memory and it's kinda artsy 👍
I think u should give it away to someone
Love Tom Tom's reference to The Red Green show! Looking good yall..
That heavy duty pinion geard you put on is going to break the axel housing, when you drop the weight of the truck on it cause its not supported on the far end.
Hang it on the wall for prosperity! Only one first time
What happen to Trever ?? I LIKED him !!!!!!!!!!! What Happened ????
Hey Matt, before there were fancy softwares like CAD and SolidWorks, people would draw out the shapes they needed cut. It's amazing what one can do with a pencil and paper when designing stuff. Good to see you keeping the tradition alive. 😄
It was her first one. Hang it up!    Be safe!
Tom Tom, I appreciated your Red Green reference, even if no one else got it
An inspiration to us all.
Hold   On  Shannon dose what shedoses  ???  OK  She new to me ??
you need to get ratchet wrenches
Glasses glasses glasses!
Wonder how much the wrecker will weigh when it is finished?
Love the RedGreen reference Tom Tom😎
You have to put up Lizzy’s first welds
I feel like Lizzie’s welds should go on the fridge.
Yes! RedGreen Show reference!!
Beautiful ending.
Yep in England we have Spanner’s in metric not  Hieroglyphics wrenches Well done everyone supporting the Dove centre
Tom can quote Red Green
Hang lizzy's frist on up and then have her do more to show her progress
Watching a little Red Green were you Tom?
can you swap sides on the shocks and put the hoses inside
Can those shocks be mounted with the reservoir fitting inside the mount?  That would alleviate anything sticking out to catch the tire.
Matt, really enjoyed this video a lot !!  Thanks for letting us watch y’all fix up The Wrecker, tour of the reinvested MORR shop, and tell us the future of it, Ed’s palace, which is awesome. The whole video was Awesome to me. Thanks for sharing.
Blessings, I'm a Lizzy fan!
Absolutely love your channel, and what you do, not to mention you have an amazing family.  Btw, my boss (the owner of a custom cabinet shop) just happens to be named Matt and his right hand man, and best friend, who works for the company as a drafter, is named Tom.
06:10 A quick tip, what white letter is in the blue field and what country starts with that letter in THEIR language, not English.
That Wrecker is going to be too heavy to go on sand.
Matt, Screws for Coats & Hats  - Really? Treat the Help with some Real Coat/Hat Hooks! (SCREWS? We have all been there! lol). Have a Fine Day!
Hang it on the wall to remind her how far she has come.
2025: Hopefully we will have the truck done soon.   lol
The Morrvair Euro license plates… “D” is for Deutschland. They are German.
You need 2 check 2 see if the rotors have induction hardened faces. If they r and u cut material off one side of the disc, u will have one side that is softer that the other. The soft side will wear quicker.
The "D" on that European license plate denotes Deutschland, which is Germany.  French license plates would have an "F".
Yes put up the first one then another that shows her improvement!
Denmark license plates?
You put up a caution sign and then use the grinder with no safety glasses.
King of the Hammers is Feb 2-11, 2023, so the WLORW will be driving pretty soon!
German number plates. The D is for Deutschland
6:10 "French?"... with a 'D' for Deutschland written on it. 😂
The two aluminium plates Matt's holding up at 6:21: The "D" in the blue field on the 'Morr-Vair' plate stands for "Deutschland" - Germany. The other plate with "MA OR 455" is also a German license plate. "MA" is for Mannheim. There's an American army base in Mannheim. These plates are made like standard German license plates.
For the algorithm
Hang it.
What does WLORW stand for? Love watching your videos!
Why can't you turn the shocks 180?
Missin a "Safety 2nd" sign ! 😁
Put it on the wall
I want to know what was in that box that Yellow Freight Lines delivered.
Man I wish you people youe safty glasses eye just dont grow back. it only take one .   mine that wear clean off the next day for work and see crap would be in my eyes. would not fun loosing eye sight
Hey Matt. The ‘D’ on the plates means Deutschland (Germany). European plates have letters denoting their country (E = España (Spain), I = Italia, etc etc)
We Kemosabe lol  Just kidding Matt
Put Lizzy's welding artwork up on the wall!!!
I need the gloves missing index left finger, cuz I'm missing that finger for real
I don't know the chemistry between Matt and Tom is crazy passive aggressive. Hope that changes as they work together more
German numberplates!!!!
Yes
It should say we do it nice because we do it twice.
Love watching your videos. Matt and every thing you guys do keep up the great work
absolutely hang it!
Tom Tom quoting Red Green the expert with Duct Tape. Cool nice job Lizzy on the welding hoods and coats. Very happy for The Dove Center and all the contributions. I was able to give a small donation. Everyone be safe and see you next time.
Definitely put Lizzy's first tig welds up on the wall
Ed's Hideout is looking good
Hang it. Sign the corner like Matt said.
French...?  "D " is for germany  ( deutschland)
50. Matchboxes ..
What happened to Trevor?
What you need to be "hangin up" is a work schedule for the wrecker, in sequence, Action Required, When Due, Who Responsible, Outstanding Part Orders and When Available.
D = Deutschland (Germany)
ratchet spanners are handy
Is Tom working for you full time now?
European plate with a D is Deutschland (Germany).
For your license plates - D is for Deutschland (Germany)
You guys are special  God bless
No safety goggles during grinding? O my........!
You got a hose full of air where there should be oil.  Hows that gonna work?
Your thermometer should be high level.
The number plate is German
Will the dove center help men that are victims?
Your EU license plates have a 'D' indicating Deutschland (Germany).
Hang it!
Hey Matt those two licenseplates you've shown are German ones and the second one is an original which is from Mannheim (between Frankfort and Stuttgart) in Germany where I live. Its amazing that you have such a licenseplate.
That's a "german" plate (D is for Deutschland ) but to be fair, a lot of European plates look the same with just the country letter changing on the left (F for France) and the format of letters and numbers is different, French format is "AB 123 CD"
Matt you’re a very good man along with your wife and the guys who work at recovery work shop , look forward to the next , stay safe . 🇬🇧👍
So you guys gonna blow that thing all apart and paint it??
The "D" in the blue area of the European  licence plate indicates those come from Germany (Deutschland)
HI Guys great footage , RE the rear swaybar , here in Australia, My Nissan Patrol ha s a QUICK RELEASE on the rear swaybar, i wonder if you can do something like that........ You are so very fortunate to have such a Cautious, Friend, Employee, Fabricator in Tom Tom...
Good job! Keep it up
32:42 come on Matt, just tell him the truth, it was the court ruling and your community service hours. It’s ok, we’ve all been there, lol
The EU plate is from Germany D=Deutschland.
The placement of the welder is nice but I would be worried about corrosion from mud and water. May want to make some sort of cover for it to help prevent premature wear and failure.
Whatever you want to call that background noise (music?) beginning at 11:20, I wouldn't be at all sad if you never used it again. Just sayin'. 😵
Thanks Matt, for all you and Jaymie, and the entire MORR team does to support local community efforts. Your videos are taking a change, a few personnel changes are noticeable, but your efforts to give are still superb. You bring a tear to the heart and eyes when you show how to give, while surviving in a world which can present great struggles to so many.   How is the special needs park coming along? We’ve not heard much about that recently. And I believe her name is Abby? How is she doing? She’s your Ambassador for the park, right?
D is for Germany. “Deutschland”
Hi Matt, those license plates with a white D on blue ground are German. D for Deutschland. Greetings from Germany 😊
Have been watching you working on this thing for some time now, how long before it is ready to go to work ?  I want to see if it is really worth all the work going into it.   Want to see it do what it is built to do.
save the gloves for heat shields -
Hang Lizzie’s welding on the wall. There are very few young Ladies in the world that can even turn a welder on. She is so special.
seeing them relocate the reservoir to the back side has me wondering. couldn’t the whole shock just be rotated 180 degrees to accomplish the same task?
Awesomeness!
Greetings from South Carolina!  European plates with a D on them are from Germany A.K.A. Deutschland.
Do you gain the clearance you need if you switch the drivers shock to passenger and vice versa?
first art belongs on the fridge!
Matt would you put a exo cage on this and the jeep in Matt black for trails and protection?
Have you been watching the red green show
FYI….The MORR-VAIR number plate is from Germany (D = Deutschland)…..Great channel…..Cheers from UK!
I’ve been following for about 2 years and visited from Gold Hill, NC ( 1st place to ever discover gold in the early/ mid 1800’s ) in October, got to meet Lizzy and snap a pic, saw the nugget, missed everyone else, Ed was at his claim, it was her first day back and she didn’t know where everyone else was. . I wish y’all do a history video, explain a couple things, like the MORR meaning, thought it was just a snappy name for how much more the Corvair can do now, but saw an earlier video referencing MORR. Fans might know too much already, but who’s Lizzy’s dad? Roofing business partner? Winder towing partner? I assume Winder towing is a functioning wrecker business that spawned Matt’s desire to do off road recoveries. Ed I once thought was related but now I’m pretty sure he just lived there and Matt adopted him? So many questions! Love the channel, the scenery, and the crew! Rescue on!
You gotta hang that practice sheet
Are you not gona paint the frame Axel etc etc
It’s not onLy women who get abused… but good to support them Matt.
Why can you not put a spacer on the front wheels to push them out ?
Hang it, she will appreciate it later in life.
Matt said “Do you want to trade places???”   Lol.
I think Matt should draw a watch on his arm that way he is at least looking at something not just a bare arm 😂😂
i was just thinking at the slow shaft speed you will be running , the by passes really are not really going to do anything, i would just order a std smooth body can with the reservior line coming out of the top. its not a racecar its just a tow truck
What happened to Trevor
hang her work on the wall
Yes hang it up
Tom Tom quoted Red Green!
I like the bench grinder 🤣 pure ingenuity.
Matt, I really hope you pay my man TomTom very well.  He's your lead engineer, mechanic, machinist, welder, voice of reason, and all around stand up guy.  Keep it up fellas. 👏
Hang the tig welding on the wall
💛💛💛💛👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Tom is a great addition to your team.
Its plates from Germany. So the wrecker can drive 200 mph on autobahnn/higway ….
French, brilliant D is for Deutschland. It is a big country over the big water a long way away.
Those license plates are copies of the EU standard and marked as being from Germany (as denoted by the "D" for Deutschland).
The numberplates with a D on the Blue paint on the left side are from Germany. D is for Deutschland which means Germany. On the Blue stripe, you will find little stars on them, which represent the number of countries within the EU - European Union.
Hey editor! The music loop in the billstein part is way to long and annoying!!
The big guy has doves pouring out of his heart. Thank you.
Can you ask Tom Tom if he needs help cadding? Or metal stress dynamics? Or complex design geometry ? 3D drawings? I'll do it just to help you guys out, probono 🙂
German, those plates are vehicle plates from Germany
Hey I wonder if you could just turn the shocks around and have the hose to the back 🤷🏼‍♂️Just a thought might not work I don’t know
pinon guard need to be flush with diff washers will cause troubles
Good job Lizzy on the tig weld, I certified on stick, mig and torch welding but never mastered the tig weld lol
Y'all are doing what Dennis ANDERSON  When building the FIRST BIGFOOT!
Invest in a set of ratcheting wrenches for that pinion cover lol
To my children and grandchildren, I hope that you will complete the journey that I started a decade ago and that you will be able to celebrate the manufacture of this giant tow car ..  Matt'
Fantastic work you have done for the Dove Center!!!!! And the Wrecker looking great. Thanks for sharing.☺️☺️☺️☺️👍👍👍👍🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
That licence plate is German...D stands for Deutschland :D regards from Germany!
Frame it, than hang it!
‘D’ in blue on the European number plates stands for Germany . Love your show!
danish plates
I feel like ratcheting wrenches woulda helped a lot with the pinon guard
That all terrain jack is awesome!!!
I vote... Hang her work on the wall.😀
What happened to Trevor and skeeter.
That wrecker sure would have come in handy getting that van out!
Red Green reference...
If the reservoir's fit behind the shock why not just leave  Is them attached normally and turn the shock around?
TOM At least put your bottle of Jergens away before Matt sits down with you. Jeez
I know it's probably been addressed already but where is Trevor?
We do it "Nice" because we do it twice.
The D on the sign is from germany
Hang it
12:23 Tom Tom nice classics Red Green comment. If the women don’t find you handsome, at least they should find you handy.
Yes hang it and D is for Germany Or Deutschland ;)
Great episode guys!  One thing though... DON'T TRUST THOSE JACKSTANDS!!!  I've seen some bad things happen with those things!  Remember your sign,  "CAUSTION"!  Keep up the great episodes on the wrecker!
Don't forget, Safety 3rd.
Matt can you explain how you met ed? Is he your family?
Those white numberplates are German. The D stands for Deutschland which is Germany. Keep up the good work!  Bye bye, Frodo The Netherlands
If you often throw caution into the wind, then the only logical place for the caution sign is in front of the shop fan. That way you can always have caution in the wind.
I was wicked surprised and happy with the $60K gift to the Dove Center! You guys are wonderful!
Take it to Layton’s and make him tear it all down and paint it….or it’s a rust bucket with some nicer painted parts.
Frame it.
The Morr-Vair number plate is German, just an fyi.
Both Plates are from Germany (D in the blue left) and MA  is the town  Mannheim in south-west Germany, the "District or State" called Baden-Wuerttemberg.
Here's a little tip for the screws your hanging the hoods and jackets on. Take a piece of rubber hose that fits over the screws, and it's a lot easier on whatever you're hanging on it. Less chance of tear or damage.
Instead of taking the studs out and replacing them with longer bolts, I think it would have been easier all around just to get longer studs. Then you could put the longer studs into the housing and then slide the guard onto the studs letting the studs hold the weight while tightening the nuts. *OH  WELL !*
Bro cant wait to see that thing on a job!!
It seems like a ratcheting wrench would have saved you a lot of time.
Always been curious.... why don't you use air tools? (lug wrench etc...)
yeah Lizzy's artwork should go up on the wall
Hi there.  I'm from Norway, we are not in the EU. But that license plate is from Germany, with a big D on it. Deutschland.  France have FR.  Cheers
It is awesome seeing how you are helping the community
I love that Mat up put up a CAUTION sign while standing on the seat of a stool'😅
You guys are awesome all of you as a team have worked together to get the Big Wrecker done and to give money to the Dove Center is beyond awesome! Thank You !!!
And I know TWLORW has been sitting in those jack stands for weeks, but maybe you should use CAUTION and raise the lift arms underneath it.  They're not doing anything but laying on the ground and it would be a tremendous oversight if something really bad happened.  Use them.
I realized that TomTom sounds a bit like John C Reilly in Step Brothers. I was really hoping he’d talk about all the room for activities in Ed’s new apt 😂
Hang it up, the day will come when Lizzy's able too appreciate it,😉, an obese purple-haired victim, watta surprise!,🙄, ya should've kept your money Matt, smh, good-job on the wrecker guys, and thanks for sharing.😁👍
I can imagine why it's so hard to finish the wrecker you have to spend so much time decorating
Matt I like your videos but with this one you have too many ads running. Within the first 10 minutes you had  3 double ads. I'm sorry but I didn't make it to the end. There are just too many ads for me. You have to do better for me to stay a fan.
Tom Tom, I liked the Red Green reference
Hang it on the wall
We need more clearance Clarence lol
How did Lizzy come to the Matt’s Team? At first I thought she was part of your family. Then Matt explained she came from a family of six other kids. Lizzy looks a lot like your wife Matt.
Sir actually when is this wrecker... completing...... ??
Tom's developing on-camera demeanor is much like the 2000s "Power Block" host.
D for Deutschland I think this from...France?
RED GRREEEEEEN!!!!!!  👍 Tom....
Matt why didn’t you use a ratcheting wrench when installing the skid plates wouldn’t that have made your life 1000 times easier and installation faster
I love it! From cardboard to computer....
hang it
Since you throw caution to the wind so often, maybe the caution sign should be hung on the flagpole??
19:50:  Nearly crushed a cell phone on the floor there!
hang it on the wall
The D in the blue field is for "Deutschland" or germany :)
Sign it, frame it and hang it, be nice art work for the shop.
Dove center is a good thing for those in a tough situation but seems to be all/only women when DV goes to the man also, I hope it's not one sided.
You need to put Lizzy's first welds up and then let her do an after to put beside it. God bless you and your wife for the help that ya'll give to the different organizations.
That  Red Green Reference!! Ahaha you guys are handy.
Have Lizzy sign the welding art and hang it up.
Tucker, TUCKER, TUcker tuCKER, Take Tom-Tom to the gym..... {like my Breaking Bad reference} lol.
Hey Matt, Propably not the only or first one to comment on this Those are German license plates (european union flag on all license plates and then D for Deutschland (Germany) ) its a "custom" plate that couldnt be used - in germany the first 1, 2 or 3 letters stand for the city you have your car registered (MO is for Moers a town in the west of Germany) then a - and another 1 or 2 letters followed by a number... unfortunately MORR- is not a town or you would have a lot of followers :-)
You should paint it frame yellow it'll be awesome
Love the channel and the work they do, but seriously…. Who actually likes makita tools 😅
These are German license plates, not French. You can recognize this by the D in the blue area, because the D is the international nationality sign for.... Germany, because Germany is only called Germany in non-German speaking countries. In Germany, Germany is called "Deutschland" with a "D" at the beginning. French license plates have an "F". Very sad for the two German fans who invested money and time in showing the MORR crew how much they like the show and then the two gifts are shown by Matt himself and then that. French... Too bad. Nicht traurig sein, woher soll jemand aus den Staaten sowas wissen?
Hi Matt, the small "D" on the license plate from Europe stands for Germany.  Germany means "Deutschland" in German. Greetings from over the Atlantik.
Shouldn't ya'll be putting Teflon tape, or other forms of thread sealant, on those Bilstein shock hoses?
You don't need reservoir shocks. They're only for high performance applications where you heat them up from overuse during racing. This isn't a baja racing dune buggy wrecker. Surely you're not dumb enough to jump it.  You should be using non reservoir shocks until you find out they aren't sufficient for your application. _"Because they look cool!"_ isn't a good enough reason.
15:35 why not make a metal guard that bolts on to not only strengthen the shock tower but protect the hose for the shocks and by bolting it on you can remove it making easy access too shock, if you want to eliminate bolts then just weld a hinge and have one bolt? EDIT: Or use hinge and on other side have a clip I dont remember the name but the pin where you bend too keep the bolts from turning like on ball joints?? I think its a ball joint for the wheels that cotter pin is it any way your smarter then me you know>????
I was all right till I seen that blue line lives flag in that office I didn't see one with red on there I didn't see one with green on there only flag colors is one supposed to be on the flag any color on the flag besides the color is supposed to be on is treason and all lives matter; not this blue
Something for your team…. S.T.O.P. STOP THINK OBSERVE PLAN! You welcome 💥🕺💥
You folks are an AMAZING group of people truly living the dream. God Bless you folks!
D on the license plate stands for Deutschland (Germany). MA OR stands very likely for Matts OffRoad   😏
Matt 😂😂 2 words “Ratchet Wrenches” 😂😂😂
German plates. D for Deutsche
firewoodfred says "wear those safety glasses when grinding" !!!
You guys need to invest into a cnc plasma table.
Lizzy’s first try should definitely be on display. Oh and the MORRVAIR European plate is from Deutschland (Germany). You guys rock 🎉
the licence plates are german (D stands for deutschland)
D for france matt? lmao... those are german.
Matt, please use your safety glasses, your cant replace your eyes. you put the sign up for your team now put it to use. love the show and what a great team.
You really need some ratcheting wrenches for those bolts.
We that's French?
At 19:48 Matt said use a Jack Stand, should of done it in the first place before breaking Good Old Tom Tom arms.
The CAUTION sign needs to be centered between the ceiling and the opening. Just something that will bother most of the perfectionists
A ratcheting wrench would of made that a lil faster i think. But it may of been to fat to fit in the tight spot.
Really not interested in Ed's apartment or any charities. Finish the stupid wreaker already.
You should use your caution sign properly and wear eye protectors - loss of eye sight is a pain. Being lazy is a fatal action towards your safety and health.
In Britain we call it an AJ or Adjustable. Adjustable spanner if you were looking at the packaging
It's like a baby picture. Hang it on the wall. LOL
At 18:32 TOM and MATT why didn't you use a FLOOR JACK to "PROP" up the Pinion Guard, USE YOUR BRAINS and NOT YOUR MUSCLES. If something seems very light, it is very heavy.
Love TomTom's comment 'If the women don't find you handsome they should at least find you handy'. I laughed. First time I heard that, and many times since, was on the Red Green Show. No one even noticed him saying it. I rewound it and listened to it again... Good job Tom.
You guys are beating a dead horse with your wrecker segments!!!!
why not just make a slider from coil bucket to shock tower so no more issues with tire grabbing shocks
Well done for the Dove Cntr.  Massive wrecker, wont be long and we will see the weakest links.  Be well
AND TO THINK YOU JUST PUT UP THE CAUTION SIGN!
Get er done
Matt needs a Caution checklist... ___ It's hot ___ It's sharp ___ It's heavy ___ It's almost out of gas
More-vair is from Germany. The D is for Deutschland, the German word for Germany
SHOP TIP Save the old welding gloves to protect any shiny stuff you want to hold in the vice. Cut the glove portion off the gauntlet and slip the gauntlet over whatever you're trying to hold.
What is wrong with Lizzy, she looks unhappy these past months.
The plates you put up were German, D for Deutschland under the EU star circle symbol.😀
MA OR 455 is code for "major butt"
#25 in trending Killin it guys
Yeah license plates with a "D" is of cause France. Just like the German (Deutschland) ones have a "F" on them.
Keep it Lizzie! Its beautiful and proof you were good from the start! Get it up!
Love the ending. I had rescue my daughter and help a couple of other women get away from domestic violence. Thanks for helping that group.
Pat Swinn To assist with alignment of the heavy skid plate in the above video, after putting it in place for the first time and it’s where you want it, drill 2 - 1/4” holes, using 1/4” rod, insert in each hole and cut flush. tack weld both rods and you’ll have something for it to rest on. It’s like having a third hand to get your bolts started.  Love you channel!
Excellent job Matt Great Video
D standa for Germany  (Deutschland in german). You can say you have part of the famous german automotive precision in your workshop! 🤣
Maybe rotate the shocks 180, so the hoses are  to the inside ?
Tom Tom, all bleeding stops eventually.
Love all your videos. You and your team are amazing. Great job with the dove center.
21:50  Using a grinder, with no eye protection - no less with sparks visibly flying up towards Matt's face - So much for adhering to the 'Caution' sign
The European plates that you have are German. You can tell by the end with the blue field with the circle of stars and the D. For Deutschland.
Hey Matt why you have a gallon lotion next to computer 🤗
MORR is even more epic now, due to Tom's Red Green Show reference!!
Good Work helping your friends and neighbors.  Don't forget to wear your seat belts fellas.
the number plate is Greman
Matt those number plates are German buddy.
MORR crew, you content is Awesome and now your doing great things in the community as well. God Bless you all and Thank You for the great content.
6:20 German licence plate from the town of Mannheim.  MA OR = MAtt's Offroad Recovery
WOW WOW WOW. Family oriented work place that gives so much to the community. Inspirational.
That pinion guard should have a pipe welded in for the mounting screws, or rather a pipe cut in half lengthwise and welded in the corners of the guard. That mounting process didn't look pleasant.
The license plate is, D for Deutschland (Germany) . France would be F , NL Netherlands ( Holland). The one that I find catches people out is CH, Schweiz or Switzerland. I could go on, but I won’t. I’m already boring myself 😂. Love your work by the way guys. From Rick in England (U.K.) Which has recently been changed from GB.(on license plates that is
Ok. The signs are nice.❤️ Work on the wrecker!
Love to see you working. The numberplate has a “D” for “Deutschland” (germany). So you where close with France haha.
I spoke too soon.  I now see the additional mount.
Hang the TIG
The number plates with the "D" in front are from "Deutschland" = Germany
The welding  needs to go on the fridge   lol
Lizzie is a delight.  Keep her.
Maybe Tom could hook his laptop up to the big monitor and save some eyestrain!
It seems like those pinion protectors being fastened on one edge only, might act as a lever when seriously hit and then damage the pinion?
Hang it up
White license plate with D: D stands for Deutschland, in English: Germany!
name Yellow Buggernaut or ' it;'" snot that "  which i find even a bertter word rwister.
What's with the blue thin line flag? Wtf
I think,   that WLORW should be pronounced "Werlow".  I know it's different than it's spelled but it rolls off the tongue nicely.
The license plates come from Germany. The blue European flag has a D for Deutschland.
The MORR-VAIR is a german license plate, as you can see on the D for Deutschland. France would have a F, Italy an I, Netherlands are NL, and Austria is AT...
What happened to your Welsh Dragon Flag?
Where are your rachet wrenches?
hello.... where did you get the bracket to make the grinder stationary ?
Matt and gang, If I remember correctly the gestation period for elephants is 11 months so you guys aren't far off! Congrats!
Tom Tom quoting Red Green.....LOL
so the European numberplate is german . the D on it stands for Deutschland  and the first two letters on it are the city and the rest is just for identification MA stands for the city of Mannheim in germany . but also could be MA for Matt and OR for Offroad Recovery i dont know about hte numbers tho
Wratchet wrenches,...I'm just sayin...
I don't understand why you chose to use bypass shocks on the heavy Wrecker they wont-work like they're supposed to you be way better off without a reservoir or bypass tubes
Tom having a giant bottle of jergens next to his laptop is the funniest thing I've seen today!
The registration plates are from Germany they have a letter D in the blue square
"if women don't find you handsome, at least let them find you handy" Red Green right? I loved that show as a kid. Now I'm 20. I'm surprised I remembered it.
You could hang Lizzy’s welds (I wish I still had my first welds), or you could consider auctioning it for charity. Maybe a little bump to that $60k, or maybe for another great cause. I think it looks like abstract art, and I’d have no problem hanging it in my house or garage, so I know others would too. Your choice.
no, the numberplates are from Germany!
Will it ever be truly finished?  There are always going to be improvements like the continuous upgrades and fixes for the banana and morrvair. I'll just be happy to see it run under its own power. maybe do a rock climb some day.
Hang Lizzy’s first time welding plaque.
Great job for the Dove Center.  You guys are great!
Couldn't y'all just put the studs in first and then slid the skid plate on?
Definitely need to put more oil in those shocks
On your final comment about how much "we" got done, my father had a statement I'm sure he got from his father: "We killed a bear. Well, Papa shot it."
Why is there a giant bottle of lotion on Tom's desk?
Why is there a big bottle of lotion next to Tom Tom’s computer?
There are German plates MA stays for Mannheim
Why didn‘t turn the shock 180° inside the mount, so the faces to the inside of the truck?
Poor Tom, that guard looks heavy lol.
4:43 Whatever happened to Lizzy's custom painted green welding helmet?
What happened to your commpadrie with the dark hair and full b eard? He was cool.
Not french its a German number Platte with the "D" for Deutschland on it.    Greetings from Germany :)
Tom Tom with the proper quote. Good one. (I too am handy. ;) )
Is it possible to flare a steel line for the shocks instead of the hydraulic line. It would look better and you could paint match it to the frame or body plus you can bend the radiuses to the reservoir to get it out of the way of the tire. Just put adapters in place so you can temp fix it with hydraulic hose if it breaks.
And a gym...😏For tom..😝😜😂
License plates are from Germany. The circled "D" stands for Deutschland...Germany.
This is great. The sign says caution but there’s an angle grinder bolted to a table and I’m assuming the zip tie is holding the button down that why Matt turned it on and off at the wall. 🤣🤣 the finger remover 3000 by MORR. Please be careful you lot 😂 and also get lizzy’s first welds on the wall. Like Matt said you can only do your first time once.
These european numberplates are German. The "D" is for Deutschland (German for Germany), F would be France. The other numberplate is a regular one from Germany. We have 1-3 letters for the city/municipality where the car is registered (MA is Mannheim) and then 1-2 letters = 1-4 digits, total length cannot be more than 8. The whole numberplate is unique of course. The blank space after the "MA" is usually occypied by our registration seal and the sticker for the regular vehicle inspection.
6:16 those are German look alike Plates, the D in the star circle stands for Deutschland = Germany
Need a sign, Safety First!
Fix that flag in Ed’s apartment above the door
12:14 good Red Green reference. Loved that show
Put the caution sign on the boom. Builder has yet to explain the fail safe on whats holding up that boom if that rope fails.?
german number plates out of the town Mannheim MA and custom made morr vair on a german plate basics
Dig the grinder stand. Don't know how I missed that till now! Lol
the registracion plates are from doichland
The license Plates are from Germany. The "D" means "Deutschland". Greetings from Germany, I enjoy your videos.
Being that the vast majority of your viewers/supporters are men, I'd prefer to see you supporting organizations that help men who're in desperate situations...whether that's domestic abuse from their wives, court battles over child custody, or mental health issues such as PTSD. Women have no end of support groups and financial assistance but where are the support groups and financial assistance for men?
Just sayin', but should have just tack welded the washers to the pinion guard, lol.
Hey Matt! The european plates are from Germany ;-) . The D on blue ground means Deutschland. In Europe there are many countries. So every Country has for identification his Code. D means Germany. I live in Switzerland and our country code on the cars is CH (Confederatio Helvetica) 😊 by the way: your great Bilstein shocks are from Germany ;-)
Would bathroom silicon sealer work on the gap?
Thank you for your service and your videos helping people out of trouble. God bless you all the time.
I'm so glad he got this guy down to his shop full time.  I don't know about anyone else but IMO, these 2 work together like bread and butter.  Finishing each others' sentences, same thoughts, same ideas, one holds up a part, the other hammers it down without a word said  or a worry from the one holding it.  These two dudes are meant to be together.
Hang it on the wall!  Lizzy is breaking glass ceilings, she should be celebrated!
👌🤓
CAUTION!!!! WHERE ARE YOUR SAFETY GLASSES? You should NEVER work under anything without wearing safety glasses!
well I was not sent my signs.... I saved them from the garbage ...  when the tv show I was working on, was cleaning house....    so mine have all been on upload
I don't know much about shocks...but air in the lines aren't good anytime...in my opinion I think you should have at least filled the hose up with fluid before you threaded it back on...
The European number plates are from Germany . "D" is for Deutschland.
Most definitely hang up Lizzy's first Tig welds you'll get to do your first Tig ever again.. much love..
I have one question regarding painting. How are you planning to paint every area that was welded, especially those areas that no longer have reasonable access. I know it will have zero bearing on the vehicle's performance, but you have made it a priority on your other vehicles to be cosmetically appealing but yet nothing on this unit has even been primed. Just an observation. This has been a fantastic build series, and as a fellow fabricator, thoroughly enjoyable to watch. Great work, and excellent attention to detail!
Hey Matt, in addition to the Caution sign put up one of those "Days without accidents" signs with changeable numbers. If you want to be really optimistic, make 3 number places for days and 2 number places for the year! By the way, if you could point me to the site where I can figure out what size finned aluminum oil cooler I need to replace the conventional oil coolers on my project. Thanks for all your videos.
hey Mat wen goos dat ting is rijding
There only one first time! Hang it where she parks!
Longer studs?.........Z
Those shocks need to be rebuilt. You cannot just take the ressie off and install the hose. Please have Bilstein or a professional rebuild them right. I don’t normally comment negatively on videos but I was cringing as they were doing that. Wrecker looks great.
Frame lizzys work!
You know what’s great lol you preach preach preach safety, safety, safety caution and all this bullshit yeah not one person in your shop wears a safety glasses
0:58 metric and imperial on the same plan..... this happens to me too sometimes, all-tough I grew up in Europe using the metric system, but since I'm in Canada (2008) things got messed up... 🤣
What day do we get to see the world's largest offroad wreck on its first job, my guess March 15th closest wins.
Matt, you and your crew are such good people. You all are an inspiration. Keep up the good work.
Did you ever consider using an adjustable bungee cord or something else through the bolt holes for the bracke that goes over the US Joint to hold that device up while you were trying to install it.
We need more lizzy she does not seem to be in the lime light so much 😩😢
Get back to work quit selling stuff let Lizzy do that damn man
We need to Finnish the wrecker . Spends all day hanging things on the wall .
Matt, To make the morrvare even more capable in the snow, adding track wheels would be a great and easy option. I would love to see how well it would do on tracks. That would also allow you the ability to work on the bombi and still do major snow recoveries.
hang it
Love the Red Green reference. “If the women can’t find you handsome, at least they can find you handy”.
D = Deutschland = Germany 6:08
Euro plate is from Germany (D (in blue box) = Deutschland).
Hang it Lizzy
French😮 no - the number plate is not french… it is german. D = Deutschland = Germany
Tom needs safety glasses....
The Euro plates with the “D” are German.
Those would be German license plates. "D" for Deutschland.   The one that starts with MA, means that vehicle was registered in Mannheim, Germany.   I love watching your videos.  Enjoy the fab work on the wrecker.  Working in Germany right now and can't wait to get back.
😲😲👏👏👍👍👊👊🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
12:10 Red Green would approve 💯
Sounds like you need to invest in some ratchet wrenches
Lizzie’s welding need to go on the refrigerator just like a child’s artwork.
Hey boss man anybody can put hooks on the wall brother. Let's get back to work on that Wrecker we've been waiting on now get it done bro. Peace
I'm sure you know what you're doing, but I can't figure out why you don't mount the shocks 180 degrees twisted so the reservoir end up facing inward? Or if there is something that need to be facing front or backward, switch the left one for the right one and vice versa.  Love to watch your videos, especially ones about the wrecker build. Great work!
Hey Matt, the white/blue Morrvair Signs with the D on it are from Germany. The D stands vor Deutschland. This are our Road Signs we have here. Normally they have 2 or 3 Letters for the Town or County where the car is registered. Then you could choose 2 letters and 3 or 4 numbers or you get some which are free. Great you have some in the shop. 😃
We do it nice because we do it twice is a quote from Fab Rats
sorry but in MI. places like dove and cove are nothing but man haters even if the man didn't do anything wrong they just go by the woman's word that my friend is one sided not cool
Bruh that battle of lotion and a tape measure by the laptop makes me crack up 😂🤣🤣😂hmm wat else is he doing besides designing parts😂🤣🤣 I'm so bad😁. Hang Lizzy's art work /tig weld. Lizzy has really grown in knowledge. She could be working with the oil and construction industry now with her improving skills👍👍👍 Matt's Off Road Recovery is helping with abuse victims recovery hmm a amazingly wonderful thing.
The Morrvair number plates are German. The D stands for Deutschland.
What were you standing on when you were putting up the "CAUTION" sign? I didn't see a ladder.
NOTHING, ever takes only a minute
Hang it on the wall.
Hang Lizzys first work up but have her sign it in weld
That's an impressive guard, but I'm just seeing that thing absolutely filled with dirt, sand, and rocks ... with almost no way to clean out.
What is WLORW on the Lic Plate on the wall ?
Hang it above her welding helmet
What happened to Trevor now? First the skeeter now Trevor?!
Awsome job with the dove center yuo guys rock.
It's a German license plate (D = Deutschland)
D for Germany!!!!
Red Lock-Tight, LOL
Matt... Be careful using Robbie's signature slap!  He may have trademarked that...
Euro D = Germany..  And for those who don't understand, because like me, you speak English and you are like D = German? what they hell? "Deutschland" is how you say Germany in German
11 months of development?  Video was published 5 hours ago,  225,000  in views, 2200 in comments and 1.3M plus fans awaiting the next instalment. Maybe Matt and crew are doing something right………………………..😁👍
Matt, how will you move the heavy wrecker once it's finished? Can you pull it with Blue Steel?
20:18 - Open ended ratcheting wrench might help make that a little easier. As for Lizzy's first tig welding.. Yes, frame it and hang it.
I like how Jamie just casually points telling the camera man to look at Matt with the check haha
please! guys, put on safety glasses! SAFETY GLASSES!!! .... it's all about the eyes, once you lose an eye it is gone forever. you cannot order another one from Amazon.
Of course you should hang up that welding!
That a German license plates and One is real on from Manheim the other one is custom name
It’s german car plates 😄 The D stands for Deutschland = Germany in german. The French car plates have an F. Hi from France 🙋🏻‍♂️
It sucks that after you guys getvthe heavy wrecker finished up you have to take it all apart to paint everything
The license plates are from Germany
The "MORR-VAIR" and "MA  OR 455" plates is probably from Germany. They got the starsign standing for Europe Union and the letter "D" for Deutschland.
Say hello to Ed from Daniel 🇩🇪 from Krautland... 👍
You only get one set of eyes! Y’all should probably wear safety glasses. lol
D is for Germany
hang it
Hey Matt, that number plate with a letter D is Deutschland, Germany. Deffo put up Lizzie's tig plate..
It‘s a German License Plate 😉
being a long-time mechanic myself I fail to understand how these guys are able to do all this great work without using any curse words at all, I think there's even a book listing the correct curses for each particular job, it's quite amazing really. hats off to guys😉 BTW, CAUTION, Use safety glasses when grinding
Claw Hammer rubbed off on Tom-Tom
A bottle of lotion and a tape measure next to Tom's computer. The 12 year old version of me is just dying to speak up
Love the videos  🇹🇹
I can't wait to see that in action recovery,
Such a cool build on the wrecker!!! Areyou guys going to paint or coat the bare metal parts from corrosion?  (Frame, boom, bumpers,axles etc??)
Nice.
What happened to the other mechanic that worked her. I think he went to school with Matt. Where did he go?
Hang Lizzy's welding!
Yes hang them both on the wall!
Matt, did you ever in your life imagine youd be managing a bunch of computer geeks?
shouldnt that go on Lizzy's walla t home, why hang it in the shop and her only be the one being recognized, another reason why i always say matt has a thing for her even tho shes way younger and theyre both married
Hang up Lizzy's first weld, until she gets one she's happy with. Then, take down the first weld and put up the "good" weld.
The part where you've helped to support and bring awareness to the DOVE center...  That's why we love this channel.  Good on you Matt and crew. The wrecker is cool too 😋
Lotion and a measuring tape right by TomTom's computer.... Hmmmm.
HANG THE PLATE RIGHT ABOVE HER HELMET!
Put it on the wall
I hope that the turning of those huge discs is either on this channel or on Fab Rat's.
Regarding the shocks and reservoirs.  Hard to tell from watching, but is it possible to mount with the hose on the inside away from the tire ?  Just turn the shocks , then the hose won’t be in the way ?
Put Lizzy’s TIG plate in the shop
Love your channel Matt, always interesting!!  Just wondering if you will painting all the raw steel components on the wrecker?
Matt that's really good what the crew of MORR has done to help that foundation.  And when I say crew, I mean viewers and anybody who donated. 😁😁🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
<<< NOTE TO CAMERAPERSONS >>>> Matt must be 10 feet or more from the mic when He comes BLASTING in to tell us whats up ... then everyone else is far away and /or Matt walks away and suddenly it's MUMBLE< MUMBLE< MUMBLE! Just a note from this side off the camera.  I pretty much watch with my hand on the volume ... Believe me IT IS NOT just you, many of my Favorites do the same thing, I pity people with headphones. I tell you in LOVE sir just to give feedback to those behind the camera. When your wrenching or recovering we are pretty much ready for the 'LOUD NOISES', Just those 'From blank screen to your manly booming voice', well, Matt that can knock a person out of their chair. I love what you do, don't hold it against me. Keep on "Getting them out". CB
Your community service is so awesome 👌 👏 you guys are the best!
What is with the audio modulation on this video? It is all over the scale and I have never experienced that before on your productions.
Tom for the win with the Red Green reference:  12:10  Good 'ol Possum Lodge boys.
Comment
Great job guys keep up the hard work. Best of luck to the Dove center great cause. Stay safe and God be with you.
Yikes !  You’ve put air in the oil chamber of the shock, essentially making it an emulsion shock, rendering the purpose of remote reservoir much less effective. Please service the shock and fill it properly, you will obtain much better performance from the shock then.
That angle grinder holder / clamp dealy thingamajig is awesome
Dang guys, great way to start the year off.
I believe that "D" on that EU license plate stands for "Deutschland" or Germany.
Wouldn't those shocks need more fluid to fill the hose and the stuff that leaked out?
Hey Matt, the plates from europe are actuallly from germany.
Praise the Lord.
Best folks ever!!!
Hang it! For sure
@TomTom, Only women are allowed to keep lotion beside their computer displays. 😆
first get a cap for the fitting coming out of the shock ,then call bilstein and get a new top that has a fitting so you can run the reservior out of the top. next you will have to bleed All the air out of the shocks when done, ask bilstein or ck you tube. slow down and ask qustions.
@06:10 The D indicates it's a German plate. Morr should be the district code, but is non-existing...😉 MA is the code for Mannheim, that could be a legit plate.
The Morr family rocks. What you did for the Dove Center is absolutely phenomenal.  The Heave Wrecker is coming along. Thanks for taking us on the journey.
Air Bags , we invented that years ago for Bootlegging
Put Lizze's practice plate up over her welding helmet!
If the women don't find you handsome... they should at least find you handy.* - Red Green
22:00 homemade grinding wheel!  Beautiful jig you made!!
It's not french it's German. D stands for Deutschland
Hi,the European Plates are from Germany😉😎.
Just call me when it's done! *slams phone*
Absolutely hang up Lizzy's work! Shes just a natural at everything she does!
Have Lindsey sign it first!  Then hang it up
Yes hang it up on the wall ,for Lizzy.
You guys need to use more caution like maybe Matt wearing gloves while welding. Or at any point...
Those are german plates haha the D stands for Deutschland. French plates would have an F on them for France.
Id say some ratcheting wrenches for that pinion sheild wouldnt be a bad idea for the future lol
Your French plates are German (D)
30:20 Super Way Thank You Matt & Everyone at the Shop & not at the shop / YouTube for Helping the Dove Center / those who are struggling to get to a Better Safer Happer Life with a brighter future, well,, Please have a Great rest of your day & 2023 Everyone who reads this..     FREESPACE JUNK REMOVAL,,                                                    Brian...
The "D" on those European Number plates stand for Deutschland, which means Germany :)
Yeah, D is for France on the European license plate. You got it in one Matt ;-)
Y'all are an inspiration, great role models AND you're entertaining on top of it all!  Thanks for being awesome!
When is all the bare metal getting painted?!
I’m liking the longer videos with the more nitty gritty details and seeing the thought process.  Keep the content coming!
Why not just switch sides for the shocks? Then the fittings would be on the inside and you can still us the hoses to put the reservoirs where ever you want?
fab rats: they do it right because paul does it twice
I'm wondering why you all couldn't keep the stock rotor size for those axles. Seems like added work for works sake.
The Euro MOR-VAIR plates are German.  The "D' designates Deutschland (Germany).  Really looking forward to the wrecker being completed.
Welding is a great skill to learn.  Have met many who were self taught.   Been welding since I was 10.   OxyAcetylene.  Transfers to TIG fairly well.  Most just Mig today.   Always in a hurry.
Hey, the two long european plates are from Germany. The D inside the european Flag stands for Deutschland.  Cheers from Wölfersheim, Hessen, Germany!
You should have Paul turn down a few spare brake disc's since those are custom.
Hell yeah hang it up
Put up the practice TIG for sure!! Everyone has that attitude of only wanting to show the good stuff, but in 30 years you wont care anyways because your skill will be 1,000,000x further, and you would definitely appreciate the ACTUAL first attempts more than the first decent ones.. To truly remember where you started.
You should definitely hand up lizzys practice sheet. Then later she can add a better one for before and after.
Have you thought about a disconnectable sway bar on the rear?
Matt, I don't know why but sometimes you remind me of Arthur Morgan from RDR2
Shop needs a fridge.....and Lizzy's tig welder sheet can be put on said fridge.
Nice Red Green reference
Matt, thanks for being such a good dude. You surround yourself with others that are of the same caliber and the way you give back to your local community is inspirational.
🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 A lot of French words there -- WE , WE
An absolute must... Hang Liz's welding plate on the wall of fame. :O)  I think I would make a fancy 2" deep wood shadow box with a plexiglass front.. Good job Liz. Once you catch on Aluminum is fun. The light touch of a lady is an advantage!
Lizzy is an Excellent welder now 👌 👏 👍  Tom Tom is THE MAN ! Holding up the dif cover, TOTAL STUD !
TomTom quoting RedGreen...Heh
06:08 the D stands for Germany (Deutschland) on both of those number plates. The stars in a circle are for the European Union.
The D on the car Shields is for „Deutschland“. Greetings from Germany. Keep um the good wirkt and Attitude
The license plate with the blue badge is a German one 😉 the letter in the badge is for the country - here D for Deutschland
D on the end, the morr-vair plate is Deutsch
French? Really? I'm offensive and I find that very german 🤣 Great video Matt and Crew.
12:18 My dad raised me on this quote from ‘ole Red Green! Haha - “If the women don’t find ya handsome, they should at least find ya handy.” Red Green is also a big proponent of always using the right tool for the job - lol - which is perfect for this clip too where they’re using stuff from the trash and a rigged up custom tool. Love it. Possum Lodge would be proud.
Hey there guys, I am sure this question has been asked over an over again and believe me I searched through the videos for the same question but was unable to find it. I think  the setup for the wrecker is just smoking. Unreal all the tricks this pony has. But I have just been curious as to why you went electric wenches over Hydraulic. I understand that there is a lot more moving parts with the Hydraulic and if an electric wench decides to crap the bed you unbolt it and put on another one. I was just curious because I was of the understanding that the Hydraulic has a bit more of that "Grunt" power and gives a much smoother pull. Now I may be completely full of S***, but that is what I was always told. I am a retired Paramedic so I had front row seats when you experts hooked up to what ever was left and  got it on the deck or pulled it apart to then get it on the deck. Any who with such a beautiful machine that your building i was just curious. Thank you for the content, I love every minute i get to watch. Take care and god bless.. Alan
Tomtom's super wreaker cad pac. 3D print your own heavy wreaker today!  LOL
Can’t wait to see that wrecker on the job. 😮
What does this even weigh?
I have an assortment of real spanner's, and I still have to make one just like you did for unique things. Pretty 😍 cool 😎
Great to see you back on the World's Largest Wrecker. Lizzy and Tom are great mechanics,  you are blessed. Your community must be proud of you Matt. What a wonderful ❤️ you have. God Speed.  And again CAUTION wear your  safety glasses especially grinding, you don't want to end up like Casey.
Glory be to God you and your crew raise a good chunk of money for a good cause the Lord will Bless yall!! I really enjoy watching these videos that has clean language good morals and happy people and team work!!  God Bless!!
At least the drill press doesn't run on gas - right, Matt?!  😉🤣
Matt - Video recording area going to the next level!!
D - Deutchsland ;)
Have her sign her name in welds
"I have red Loctite on my fingers." Well, that "Caution" sign definitely has its place... 😜😁😇 Speaking of sign: that white-blue license plate is a Euro plate from Deutschland (Germany). France has "F" in its plates... ✌️
It’s great to see the community your team is involved with. Great work.
Its from Germany called Deutschland on the name plate. D
You need a ratchet-crescent wrench for those bolts, or even an electric\air-powered crescent.
Dios los Bendiga 🙏
Hang it
Maybe a little paint on the chassis.
D on the number plate, denotes Duechland/Germany
Can you please get your crew some micro spikes this year before someone ends up with a traumatic brain injury.  I thought for sure Trever was going to end up permanently disabled after crack in his head last year.
Hi Matt and team. The D on the Number Plate is German. It stands for Deutschland. Looking forward to see how the Tow Truck works. Jeff from Sydney Australia.
Red Green quote ❤
The number plate with the D on that says MORR VAIR is Germany. The D stands for Deutschland.
D on a plate in Europe is for Deutschland aka Germany
Yeah hang Lizzy up on the wall
I say yes, put up Lizzy's practice Tig plate.  But if you don't, maybe auction it off and donate it to the dove center.
Good on you and your team. Stay safe.
For all the greed in this world, it is absoutely so amazing to see this type of charity is shared by some of these amazing YouTube channels and communities.
Three things that amazes me about you. One of those three things scares me. It amazes me that you don't wear long sleeves or coats in the cold weather. It amazes me that you don't wear gloves but sometimes for welding. It scares me that you don't wear safety glasses when you're grinding Etc. I have seen the other side of a piece of metal in an eyeI and he went blind in that eye. You definitely have an angel or a lucky star.
Plates are from germany
Matt and Tom, are y’all gonna buy a plasma cutter table so you can make your own parts in the new shop area?
@19:30 and 23:30 bench press
hey matt these license plates are from germany both of them cause the D stands for Deutschland greatings from Germany too
That tile in the shower doesn't look much different than those cinder blocks. Rectangle tile? Sure is better than the orange though. Great job guys
D for Deutschland! That means Germany! That number plates are replica to original! You should put somewhere!
Hang it up Lizzy!
I'm gonna be watching that wall in future vids where that stuff is hanging just to see how long it last for yall to hang things in the wrong place🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️😁😁😁😁😁🤣
Way to go Tom Tom
7:36   perfect, fully interactive kitty toy ♥  THE CLAW!! 10:05  Freestyle Projects LTD
Hang it up.  Lizzie, it is better if you hank up your first one.  It looks more like art.  We don't want you to be perfect
Quote from Red Green show
Maybe you should frame the welding sheet?
Excelente 👏👏
Love you guys. M.O.R. is a fantastic channel. Great episode. That was an incredible sum of money you guys raised. God Bless You All in the sunny south. Just got 6” of snow here in Ontario Canada
Every time you run a grinder I squint.  Please put on the safety glasses.
Thank you so so much for recognizing abuse as a life taker.  You put it exactly right.  I can hardly imagine what a different life would look like anymore.  You just reassured me that there is a better life.  It resonates so l know it's TRUE. .  Thank you for the hope.  We don't have a resource like Dove here.   What a wonderful gift that would be.  Thank you for you, Jamie and all your team for your big hearts.
Sounds like someone needs some ratcheting wrenches.
Enjoyed the show. The number plates are from Germany 🇩🇪 (D) Deutschland.
Lizzy hang it up shop art
I understand now how Tom Tom could make up for like 3 people that's not thier anymore its because he works smarter and not harder lol and he is super smart🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️😁😁😁
really with all the fabing ya do wall screws to hang stuff on....Boo   shop foul...weld up some used parts for hooks...
Ratchet wrenches come in handy 🤣
Can you go with internal bypass front shocks and no reservoirs.  Might give you the clearance needed?
What is the brand of that tire inflator gauge Lizzy is using?
You're not having fun unless you are bleeding
Lizzy booty is top notch
When u get the wrecker done would love to see yall meet up with BSF Recovery on their turf having some fun
Instead of hanging Lizzy’s practice weld plate, auction it off and give the proceeds to the DoveCenter. Autographed, of course.
French Boy here, the morv-air number plate is not french they are German.  "D" stands for "Deutschland" to really recognise them they only missing the 2 registration stickers in the middle.French number plates would have the same euro flag and an "F" on the left. also on the right side you will have the number of the departement of origin and the departement logo
Y’all should invest in some Icon ratchet wrenches .
19:52 - It probably would have been easier with the WLORW on the lift.  🤣🤣
what happened to trevor?
That number plate is from Germany (D for Deutschland) not France. I've been looking forward to your video all day.
Ratchet wrenches - you need some, Matt. Project farm's channel on YouTube does a review and shootout of the top ratchet wrenches.
The European licence plates are actually German. The D stands for Deutschland.
Most definitely you should hang her art have her sign and date it
Great job to Matt, Jamie and the whole team at Matt's off-road recovery. You all are amazing, and it is good to see people that really care about other people in this world. We need more people like you guys in this world. Thanks, guys, for all that you do. you are awesome, each and every one of you.
Here First Welding must be on the Wall. 🙂😊
D is for Germany (Deutschland). You have to think the name of the country in it's own language.
Freeze at 5:47 and see if Lizzy face is really saying she wants that practice sheet on the wall. LOL
Hang it! Lizzie can think of it like something she made in kindergarten.
Hang it up nothing will ever replace those first welds
Yes hang it on the wall then put the after next to it.
Nice Red Green show reference, I knew that line instantly
Definitely should vent that rotor.
These are actually German license plates
Hang the Tig practice plate above her Welding Helmit
I'd like to see every tool on that shop that's been modified 😂
Where is Trevor? Is Tomtom replacing him?
There’s nothing like some cardboard cad, it’s perfectly executed consider that done 👍🏾
Needed more recovery videos don't mind the rucker videos
Hey Matt and crew... I'm a bit concerned for your health. Matt, @21:55 you grind down your wrench and I can see the sparks hitting your face! Safety Glasses/Visor please sir! 🙂We all want you around for a long time. I've had a tiny metal sliver in my eye before and it's maddening until you can get it removed. Lovin' the wrecker!
6:16 those are German, the D stands for deutschland which means Germany in German. Source: I live there  Man that's a lot of German(y) in one sentence
Does Dave Sparks snicker when you call your wrecker the world's largest wrecker?
Jaime and Lizzy Off-Road Recovery
Turn that shock body 180 degrees. It will get you more clearance
Those two numberplates are German ones. One is just the Morr Vair one, and the otherone is a real Numberplate :D
tak the shocks and do a 180 on all 4 and lower shock point in middel holl and cut off dat resowoar mont on shock body :\ it maby solv it :D  👀 out of what i lokkin at her 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Hey,  The European plates are german ones. The second you had is an officiall roadlegal plate. The fierst to letters indicate the region in Germany. MA stands for Mannheim. The other letters are possible to pick however one wants to and the numbers as well.  Have a nice one.  Jonas
You're NOT muddling, you are MacGyvering...
Keep the greatness up you guys!!!
Love Tom Toms red green quote haha
Matt, you and your team never stop showing amazing things, off-road rescues, building the Banana, the Morvair and the never ending the WLORW, but wait a second, the very important involvement with the community programs, been the last one the Dove Center. Congratulations and hoping you are giving the example to many.
20:45 one name ... Gear Wrench  still wont be fun but they  help a lot 22:00 never mind if you gotta thin-wall the box end my suggestion wont help
still say the frame and bed works should be clear coated in powdercoat after cleaning
This wrecker used to only exist in Matt's imagination. Makes you wonder what other wild and crazy ideas he has that Jaimie won't let him build. --- Thanks for building up your community. --
Do you intend on painting any of the plain metal parts because most of it is already starting to rust
You only get one first try at Tig welding so Lizzie should be proud of it and it needs to go up .
The european plate “D” is Germany (Deutschland)
Absolutely put Lizzy's up. She is a big part of the show!!
Just be honest with us... there's no plan to ever actually finish the WLORW.
The license plates are German.  European countries use a letter that designates the country.  Germany is "D" for Deutschland.
Is there room to turn the shocks and run the line on the inside?
That's nice and all, but I thought women were oppressed, and they had no rights? Men don't get this kind of treatment they don't have places like that for only men.
Hang it behind her helmet so it reminds here of where she started and wheres shes going with her skills.
Me personally would have got longer studs and put those in instead of the bolts😅 to each their own still got the job done so well done✔
Like videos landscaps are incredible  but tired of this wreaker finish it already
23:00 I like how Lady (or is it Peanut) is laying there relaxed when Tom Tom is grinding.  As soon as Matt starts, she's like "I'm out of here"
Good job Tom Tom!
Might want to think about that modified American flag. Just saying.
Couldn't you rotate the shock around 180°?
I love your videos I’m trying to start building my truck more off road ready but I’m disabled I’m trying to save up for a winch
He's never caught one spy i'm told, He's never even caught a cold, got his degree from disneyland...But he's the last of the secret agents, and he's my Mattman... --Played by Cliff Booth, and Double Secret Agent Matts Off Road Recovery:)
I like the custom 4 inch grinder table top mount. I made one for my porta-band and I love it. Pretty good idea.
I get the feeling matt is losing patience with Tom
We do it right because we do it twice is Fab Rat's motto
We know there is a Red/Green fan in the MORR shop, I caught the reference, too funny
So, for like the hundredth time asking, why are you leaving all the metal unpainted, which means it's just gonna rust?
Remember, the last 10% of a project takes 90% of the effort.  Don't quit!
Can’t wait to see the wrecker complete.
"Mean Lizzy" 😂😂😂25:41
That's how you do it keep doing the little things and you will eventually get it done and you can rap up every thing and be ready to go to work love it guys your doing a wonderful job so keep on keeping on
I been wondering, after it's all together and mostly finished. Who gets the amazing job of dismantling it and painting all that awesomely created and assembled tow beast?
12:15   quando omni flunkus moritati
Congratulations guys 👍👍👍👍🙏
you should give a phone number so some can call you on the phone to order things my self dont trust the internet have a 2nd phone put in that phone is only to buy things you sell so you know its a customer order or a road service on the other phone have the ring tone differnt i like the toy cars you guys show
I think the bypass shock is kinda overkill for what you are going to do with it. You guys won't be doing a whole lot of high speed stuff and the only real benefit you gain is an extra bump zone in the final compression zone. If it's an option I think you guys would greatly benefit from an internal bypass shock or a smooth body paired with a bump stop. It would help with you're clearance issues and you could go with a bigger diameter shock. Because just like engines with shocks there's no replacement for displacement
I do wish Lizzie would get her husband to put a dab of boot polish on her ropers.
Get it hung up    who knows it might be worth something..
re: Lizzy's TIG welding. You should frame it before you put it on the wall!
Matt, those European license plates are German, the country code is the letter in the blue field. "D" is for Duetchland (Germany).
Be sure to hang Lizzie's first tig welding sheet on the wall. There can never be another 'first time tig welding'.
hang it
You can tell the country on a Euro plate by the letter(s) at the beginning. D=Deutschland ....Germany. France would be F.
yellow mammoth 🦣
Those invisible safety glasses for grinding are sweet...
Why does TomTom have an industrial size bottle of jergens on his desk?
Matt you really need to wear safety glasses at all times
those pinion guards are really impressive!  BEEFY!
Do hang it on the wall and leave a space for the second one!
Glad to see you fixed your Olimpics typo in the title :)
I can't believe you don't have ratchet box-end wrenches. Really?
Love the Red Green reference!  🙂
Frame it and hang it!
The ma sign is from mannheim, germany.
such a worthy cause that you guys raised funds for awsome job its stuff like that that will keep me watching this channel and i could only wish i could weld half as good as lizzy and she should be very proud of what she can do and show off her practice welds also matt you over work tomtom give him a little break lol
Someone probably already commented, but, the European plates are from Germany, D = Deutschland. Love the heavy wrecker progress.
You need an extra mechanic…
I always say we do it NICE cause we do it TWICE 😅😂
D= Deutschland= Germany
England and Australia call wrenches "spanners", not "wrench spanners". I lived in Australia and worked with Brits. 😃
Happy to see Ed’s apartment coming together.  Easier to see he is okay and safer inside than in his trailer.  We love Ed and want him  safe and happy.  We love you all for making sure he is going to continue being happy.  God bless.  ❤️🙏🙏👍👍🌟🌟❤️
What happened to Trevor
These numberplates have a D on them for Deutschland (Germany).
Excellent thank you
Hay Matt will you have a cover for the welder on the truck ??
You guys are unbelievably slow to get this finished
Hang it
Hang Lizzy 's on the wall
I wonder how the dogs aren't blind from welding and deaf from grinding etc.
im curious what happened to Trevor did i miss he left the show?
Those Morrvair signs are German, D for Deutschland :D
The European plates, with the "D" on them are from Germany IDeutschland). Love your channel!
you guys can drag this out and milk another year easy.
The D on the plate is for Deutschland (Germany)
Can the front shocks be turned 180° so the hose is in the back?
We’ll at least you guys were wearing your safety glasses.. 🙄
Turn those shocks 180° so the pipe is on the inside or turn them 90° and modify the mount
It’s a trophy, Lizzy hang it up on the wall
4:21- For less damage / wear, on jackets over time. Use wooden pegs or wide plastic hooks to hang them on.
Hang it on the wall now then hang the other one later for comparison 😊
Why don't you just rotate the shock to the reservoir and hose in behind in the pocket of the shock tower
hang Lizzy's TIG welds
i think these are French Yea D is for France xD
Sweet bench grinder
You'r right about Lizzies first tig weld 👍 And the number plate is from Germany (D= Deutschland) Cheers from Northern Sweden!
Hang it up and be proud!
The European plates are form Germany. The D stands for Deutschland.
L Izzy reminds me of a young Jessi  Combs.
Mats   Favourite tool is brummie 🔨🔨🔨🔨🔨screwdriver 🔨🔨🔨🔨
yes hang it
Using a small screw to hold up heavy jackets seems like it's going to tear up the jacket. How about a big hook?
I love your channel and I love watching you build your wrecker. I’m glad you put the caution sign back up but having experienced an eye injury face shields or safety glasses while grinding would help. 🤓
The license plates are from Germany (in Europe the letter in the blue box shows the country) D = Deutschland = Germany
👍🏽🇺🇸👍🏽
Love the Red Green reference!
(D)eutschland  (Germany)
Matt D is for Deutschland or as we in England call it Germany France is an F
Put Lizzy's TIG welding plate on the refrigerator. It's "art" after all.
Thanks for another good video. Always enjoy watching the wrecker build and the good times in the shop. Nice to see goodness spread to the community.
The license plates with the D on them are from Germany. D = Deutschland = Germany.
Hang up the tig welds!
Why didn't you paint as you went? There's so much raw, exposed steel all over that thing that's going to end up just turning bright orange...
Definitely put up Lizzy's welding "art"!
Can lizzy sign it in weld.
Please no more repetitive background music it's driving me up a wall. Everthing else is GREEEEAT.
It is great to support a place like the Dove center. Just wish that i could help monetarily.
Got some lotion next to the laptop.....
Well done guys!
These number plates are european. In the blue field it says D for Deutschland = Germany
Thin blue line flag is as wrong as the gay flag combined with the American flag,  never alter the US flag.
FYI: your camera angles are showing in this video.  I would work hard never to broadcast what the scope of your camera angles are showing.  Right around the 9:15 mark.
Yes hang it up
When are you going to paint the frame?
The D in the license plate stands for Deutschland
This suspense of this build thats been going on for almost a year is crazy! Haha 😂 It's going to make all the future 🔮 recoveries sooo much better when you guys get there! Can't wait to see this 'ol Rig in action!! Thanks for sharing guys! Always look forward to Sundays videos! 🤘
It’s hers if she wants to hide it 👍
So i have asked this before. How ya gonna paint this unit????
Those plates from "somewhere in europe" are from germany :D  Btw greetings from germany. I absolutely love you all and your channel here on Youtube ! Keep up this great work
Hey Matt the signs with morr-vair and mo ar455 are from germany. Because the D in the bleu box are from Germany
ANOTHER great show, thank you. Are y'all gonna share the cost of materials to build this? That would be fun to know. Thanks again y'all.
I'm in love with Lizzy; pretty sure you can guess my vote on the TIG welding plate.
6:11 german
At first I thought that steering reservoir was a Coors Light can! 😂😂😂😂
Switch the shocks, left to right and right to left. That should hide the lines and show the logo on them. Maybe. ;)
Hello Matt the license plate you 're thinking them are from France, are license plates from Germany, one (MORRVAIR) is a fun plate and the other one (MA OR 455) is a legal combination of a license plate from Mannheim, maybe that this says MAtt's OffroadRecovery and the 455 should tell you he (the sender) is a Fan from you and it's his license plate on his car here in Mannheim/Germany.
You should auction off/sell the framed & signed Lizzy aluminum welding practice piece.
Those pinion protectors look heavy!
Great nod to the Red Green show. LOL
Red Green!!!!!
Good Red Green quote.
the doves need to lose lot and lots of weight, and maybe they would be more appreciated along with what they can mentally offer....And if you don;t think your over weight, get all your clothes off and stand in front of a mirror...i know, but just do it and imagine what you spouse or boy friend has to look at..sorry but thats life un -fortunately.
The license plates have a D in the blue square meaning Deutschland ( Germany ). If they where French the D would be an F ( France ).
My favorite thing about the MORR, Fab Rats, Chad’s Fab, Merlin’s Old School Garage, Trail Mater, Mischief Maker, and Robby Layton teams - and probably more that I didn’t mention - is that they are genuine and kind. It’s nice to see there is still humanity left in the chaos of the world.
Tom needs a bigger monitor.
2 jack stands, one bending under the weight. At least having a third safety jack or blocking would be even better for backup before crawling under there. Accidents don't just happen, it's a daisy chain of things that occur in a " perfect storm" that end up with a preventable injury or death. My neighbor was killed changing a tail light bulb when his suv rolled back trapping under the frame as it rolled backward. We live in a rural area and it took more than an hour to have him airlifted to a trauma center, He died as the aircraft was on final approach to the helecopter pad. He left a wife and four children.
I doubt Matt will read this but here it goes. As I watch this there is talk of Caution there is talk of being able to help those in need but there are KEY characters that it takes to make this all happen on this channel if any 1 of these people are injured yes the channel can still go on but like another large channel from the same area that lost it's key character it is slowly dieing due to a different perspective. Maybe safety glasses ear protection, gloves etc. would be more thought of if the big picture was observed. Great channel, great work, positive vibe.  Keep up the good work and here's to another 50 years of moving forward
Matt and all his crew deserve a humanitarian award...
Please use Safety Glasses when grinding.
Lizzie doesn’t seem very happy, hopefully Matt isn’t running her off too
Congratulations to The Dove Center! Thank you, Matt for making them the goal.
We'll see tomorrow, that's uncle tonny's tag line!
EU tags all have the left blue strip with the country letter on. ‘D’ is Germany (Deutschland in German). France would have a ‘F’. Mine has a ‘P’, for Portugal.
Licence plate with a D is definitely not France. It is D like Germany. :)
D on the license plates is Germany. Deutschland
I bought a cheap set of open end wrenches and box wrenches from Harbor freight. I use these sets to grind down and bend as needed to get into places. that way i don't ruin my good wrenches. and they work great. also get yourself a set of gear wrenches they work good to for some applications. Unfortunatly they are a larger head so they don't fit everywhere
What color the wrecker gone get ?
6:11 Those plates are german, the "D" on the blue stripe stands for "Deutschland", french plates would have an "F" instead of the "D"
Tag: D  is Germany
The giant bottle of lotion next to Tom Tom's computer 🤣
D for Deutschland. i.e. Germany.
The number plates are from Germany. The D in the blue corner stands for "Deutschland" wich means Germany.
What a great foundation .. 60,000 👌👌👌👌👌💯
Get some gear wrenches.
The European plates are German. One for your Morrvair, and one from Mannheim. Used to live in Germany, for 15 years, right near Mannheim!
the "French" plates are actually german, thats what the D stands for (Deutschland, the german word for Germany). Pretty sure French plates are not that different.
Matt and team thank you so much for helping raise money for the Dove Center. And a big thanks to the Dove center. As a family that lost someone so special to us to a domestic situation that took her from us and left her children with a big void in the life. I pray for everyone who is going through situations like my daughter was in and I hope no family will ever have to go through that loss.  Keep up the great work and god bless you all.
11 months?!? You could have had baby in that time!
Hang  Lizzy's first welding attempts on the wall.
U rock MORR Team!
SHOUTOUT TO TOMTOM quoting RedGreen 🇨🇦😄😄😄 "If women dont find ya handsome, they should at least find ya handy" 😄🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Frame and light up Lizzy's practice welds and put it in the front office where everyone who visits can see it :D
That wrecker is getting more awesome at every time I see it
Things are only impossible until someone makes them possible
@Matt, hey you guys need a bigger trailer to haul the wrecker. Like something with tandem 7k axles so you can gross 15-16k on the trailer. Maybe do a axle over spring conversion to lift a factory trailer 4-5”.
You should call Tom Tom - satnav 😂
The MORR   VAIR Sign has a blue D that is the sign for an official license plate of Deutschland, which is Germany. The sign with the MA and the blue white D is an official sign of the German city of Mannheim.
Can you just swap the right and left front shocks so the reservoirs tuck inside the shock mounts instead of outside the mounts?  Maybe an easier solution?
D is for Deutschland .. it is from Germany Matt
Nice job, skid plate & Ed's apartment. Invest in eyesight use safety glasses.
God bless.
I LOVE HOW YOU HELP ALL THESE ORGANIZATIONS!
Really like those new episodes with Tomtom, he's a great team member. Matt and him are really good together.
Lizzy is so beautiful 😍 did I hear her on a video saying she’s married if so I’m sad
Matt reminds me of my boss 🤣. He got a bunch new stuff for his work van & left me alone to install it all by myself 🤣🤣🤣
the license plates are from Germany. I live myzelf in The Netherlands about 10 km ( 6,21 Mijl ) from Germany . Keep up the good work , greats from Ron from Hoensbroek The Netherlands
sometimes you just need some gearwrenches
I wonder if you could weld some pegs to the axle where you're bolting the pinion guards to make it easy to slot into place.
MORR helping people get unstuck from sand, snow, mud and ditches, and abusive relationships, nice!
Morr entertaing when you don't read the instrusins
At this point I wonder if it would of been easier and faster to modify a unimog
HI MATT, As a guy that used to make stuff like assemblies,I would suggest you ADD 2 dowel pins of 1/2 x 1 long to the differential to locate the shield in place while you put in the bolts.On heavy assemblies the pins are used for locating and alignment only.They help to keep from cross-threading bolts etc.Also the washers as spacers are going to allow the shield to flex the bolts and stress crack them,i suggest you let TOM _TOM figure out a way to either make a SHIM PLATE or grind the diff until you have 2 flat mating surfaces without washers.Another way {the hackers way}would be to weld 1 inch diameter beads opposite the bolt holes and grind them to the thickness of the washers to TRANSFER the clamping pressure of the bolts to the edge of the that plate.just tips i learned on how to stop stress risers on heavy plate assembly. Wreckers really looking good.Remember no sharp inside corners,Radius to stop cracks before they start.haha
I predict " IF " the wrecker ever gets finished , it will spend more time being recovered than recovering .
A liquid filled shock shouldn’t be under any pressure, should it?
Now i have seen it all, Matt using Washers, so now u have 10 of them on all 3 car u build😆 Yes, Lizzy`s Tig welds on the wall🤩
Lots of little details on a project this size, moving along good though, just can’t wait to see this thing moving under it’s own power!💪
12:10 Holy Crap, did TomTom just drop in a Red Green reference there?  As a Canadian, I applaud you!
You should hang Lizzy's welding on the fridge lol... l joke of course, Lizzy does a heck of a job.
Love the "Caution" @ 23:15 - Keep up the good work
Boys measuring peckers @ 2:26
You might have to build a custom trailer for the wrecker also.
Why cant you mount the shock so that the hose is on the inside of the tower and make room for it there that sounds a lot easier if it’s possible
The MORRECKA is getting closer and closer to done. Looking good! So what if it's been 11 months - you're still building far faster than Project Binky.
Put the snow boot Lizzie made on the aluminum plate practicing . Its worth $5000.00 as an art peice. Then when it's famous you can raffle it off for a charity.
Good job helping that organization for abused women and things like that Matt good job and your wreckers looking really good all right this is Jim MUngai Kennerdell, Pennsylvania if I knew how to order stuff online like your little toy more vers, I would’ve bought one myself but I don’t know how to do that stuff all right have a good day❤❤
16:11 Are you going to drill a drain hole in that pinion guard? Looks like it will hold water...
Oh yes, Hang it!
The D on plates is Deutchland, Germany :)
8:00 Is that a Harbor Freight exclusive mechanic’s office chair 😂 A creeper’s creeper?
Hand lotion by the laptop 🤔
That is impressive for Lizzie’s first TIG….hang it up!
Cardboard prototyping rules!
Line those rattly tool box sides and other rattly sheet metal with DynaMat.
Bet when Eds apt. Is done those dogs will be in there all snuggled up to Ed on the couch watching old westerns .
No shop is complete with a few sleeping happy dogs.
The D stands for Deutschland, or Germany for us Americans.
Hi Lizzie, Sign & date it and hang it up,  >Joe, Baltimore MD.
It would have been too easy to just turn the shock around with the reservoir on the inside ???
The plates are “D” for Germany.
Get a spacer made up instead of those washers! If that shield smashes into a rock, those bolts will brake or bend in an instant. a proper spacer distributes all the load alot better.
Man you are an inspiration, I hope one day to be able to do the work that you do for the good of your community
I like how politically correct Matt is with “7/16”. Keep up the good work guys!
The fab rats modo we do it nice because we do it twice
Hopefully you’ll have some time to work the new wrecker before the event starts…
The number plates are from Germany hence the D on them 😂 Lizzy... You need to hang that on the wall and then do another one years from now and see the difference lol I cant wait to see this thing on recoveries!!
Put it on the wall and then the one you like. Compare the two. 👍👍👍👍🙏
TomTom just quoted the red green show... He's officially the best MORR employee.
Is the sound really low in this video compared to others or is it just me?
Why put silicon on the washers  instead of just put them on the bolt??
Matt you guys don't need those big external bypass shocks on that wrecker. Save yourselves a lot of headache and swap out for a monotube. Much easier packaging and will work fine for that application.
Hang it on the wall Lizzy can handle it
1. Puts up CAUTION sign. 2. Grinds under chassis w/no eye protection. 3. Makes up for it with Dove Centre cheque.
I think you're all great people do wonderful things, having said that you could have time lapse this entire video into about 30 seconds of footage, and I can't imagine which person on your staff thinks anyone wants to see you drive screws into drywall.  Anyway it was boring just keeping it real
Matt Hangs up Caution sign, then uses angle grinder and other tools without safety glasses  😅  Not a good example for your viewers Matt  😉
Tom Tom with the Red Green reference
Matt.   PLEASE put on your SAFETY GLASSES !
That is an olimpic sized lotion bottle.
Well done! Both wrecker & Dove Center:)
I love everything that you guys do for your community. Keep up the amazing work!
Hang Lizzy's welding up.
6:14 they're German number plates. D stands for Deutschland...
D is for Deutschland F is for France LMAO
it is from Germany  ( D means Deutschland =Germany)
Dont you need to bleed the shocks first? I mean the hose for the resovoirs was looking completely empty...
Hang it
Get it done already
TomTom with the bottle of lotion and tape measure next to his laptop 😆😆
I appreciate Tom's nod to the Red Green show around the 12 min mark.
The D in the blue part of the registration plate is country of registration, the D is for Germany
A ratcheting box wrench would have made that job so much easier! The wrecker is turning out awesome though!
First red green quote I've heard in a while
A. Pinion Guards need to be primed and painted yellow. B. The valley needs a drain hole as the accumulation of dirt and moisture will create an abrasive pool for the pinion yoke to swim in. Maybe not. You might get lucky.  C. Pinion yoke grease point access?
Definitely hang her first time welding practice panel on the wall !! 😊
The red green comment brought me back. I used to love that show.
Tom is an Eagle Scout without a pen in his pocket?
Awesome donation to the Dove Center, I'm sure this is just the beginning of your sponsorship to this wonderful organization.
D is for Germany on the licence plate.
I know you won't read these but you only get one set of eyes so wear some protection when you are grinding!
Again...... Why did you guys not paint all that bare metal?
Fascinating to watch, my wife says I spend too much time on it. By the way here in South Africa a wrecker is called a breakdown, and there is a lot of crooked people in that business, not nice people. I still would like to have one of those little morevairs,  my birthday is in March. Leon van Zyl Durban South Africa
I can only imagine how frustrating watching this is for professional fabricators lol. Great video!
But if you plan something for 2 days, it's gonna take at least 3.
Did you guys just quote the Canadian legend Red Green?
No doubt hang it on the wall!
Matt I like the saying there’s no I in team, So enjoy you’re channel!
D is Deutschland Germany the second carsign i thing is his own one how send you this
I'm so glad to see Lizzy back in the shop. The wrecker is progressing nicely. Also more power and love for the Dove organization!
Hey matt how to read a European license plate. To the left in the blue, the ring with stars means EU, the letter below is in this case D, which means Germany
Yes.. on the wall. The refrigerator is to small
d stands for deutschland  meaning germany lol we have our plate system sorted in europe lol
Hang it up and then put the one that’s better next to it
I love Tom Tom but he needs to work out his arms Matt needs more help
Can’t wait to see Robbie Layton and crew paint this
Tom Toms only job should be to grow back the Chop Chops.
I love how genuine they are 🥹
Hi Matt, the D in the licence plate stands for Deutschland, that's Germany :)
need a sign that say's SAFETY FIRST
I've watched this channel for a few years now, and when I first started it was a much smaller channel. So watching it grow and get well over 1M subscribers there were a lot of changes. Most channels I watch that do that I will end up unsubscribing because they just play into sponsor spots and they end up changing their style up to focus on getting views\likes. But this channel kept its charm and continues to post videos about charity and helping others - even without drawing attention to it in their video titles. So thanks to the whole team, even those not on the channel anymore. Keep up the good work and I hope to see the same progress forward as this channel continues to grow. ♥
I don't know how to put it, but I think you got the axles mounted backwards. The Ackermann steering geometry is exactly the other way around...
Jamie and Matt, Awesome work for the Dove Center!  It is a really big deal for someone that needs that kind of help. The abused are best helped by abuse survivors. It takes getting out of abuse to change the pattern of abuse. Thank you to you and all of the people that work at the Dove Center.
White license plate with D stands for Deutschland or Germany indeed in Europe
No safety glasses with grinders still, perfect....
There is a D on the ‘MORR-VAIR’ plate.    Someone from Germany send It to you
2024 is fast approaching!!! Lol.
Dropping that on you face would almost be as bad as GRINDER SHAVINGS IN YOUR EYES!!!  CAUTION USE EYE PROTECTION
Safety glasses and gaurds on grinders go great with workman's comp insurance  claims and lost wages ....you only get one set of eyes 👀 they won't grow back..but I'm sure little lizzy will look just fine with an eye patch... ..it's not a if you're gonna get metal slivers in your eye ? It's when and how bad is it ?..it's not fun when the doctor extracts your eye and lays it on your cheek to grind out the slivers on the back and side of the eye.....but SIIS pays about 66%of your wages to take that chance..so carry on..
Hang it up!
Registaration plate with D is from Germany
Hang Lizzy's first weld test for sure!
Hang Lizzy's first weld test for sure!
german licence plates with the D
nice Red Green reference Tom Tom!
Congratulations on your hard work supporting the Dove Center. You have set a high standard that hopefully will encourage others.
Pardon my dumb question but if you break a U-Joint in the front won't that pinion guard be a major pain in the butt to remove in order to access and replace the U-Joint while out on the trails?
Great Job Guys!
what CAD system do you use?
A little homage to The Red Green Show. Nice  😁
Good work guys.   Shocks - you considered mounting the upside down? Then the shaft would clear the tyres.
Any group like the Dove Center can play a critical and life-saving role in society. With the horrific recent murders up the road near Cedar City where 7 innocent people were killed by a miserable and cowardly "husband/father", it shows that domestic violence is still a brutal reality for many. Big thumbs up to MORR for helping!
I'm so stoked to see the heavy wrecker in action
the morr vair number plate is German it has the D on it for Dutchland,
Thats German license plates D stands for Deutschland
Loved the Red Green quote Tom. lol
"I think it's French" LOL... Americans!!! D = Deutschland GERMANY
Can you say Ratchet wrench
German Plates
Loved the sneak peak at the editing room. As a video professional for over 30 years, would love to see a BTS piece on your video production process. I've always found your videos to be a clean, solid, no-nonsense/no frills effort with little goodies thrown in to help keep it interesting. Keep up the good work!
Tom Tom with the Red Green reference 👌
I think you should make Lizzy your “Safety Coordinator “. Have each person in your work shop take safety courses on line ( they are available online) and have Lizzy keep record and evaluate each person periodically. Your insurance company would probably give you a discount if you were to do this. It will only “reduce “ the number of accidents.
Nice job everyone!!!
Is the hoist not big enough to lift the wrecker?
I used to work for a company called Perkasie warehouse storage systems in Pennsylvania all we did all day long was Mig weld all different kinds I got so freaking go at it nobody in the whole shop could run a be better than me I could well on a bead on a tick We did a lot of 22 gauge deal which was hard to get a good beat on It was all repetition so you couldn't help but get good that's the best way to learn Doing it over and over and over again Lizzie's really good at it I can tell her beats are very consistent
Matt - What if you go back to original shock configuration and put the left on the right and the right on the left?
Enhorabuena por esta construcción. Pintareis el Camión grúa desde cero?
Apply that "safety first" sign to yourself: "USE THE GUARDS ON THE GRINDERS", that's setting a bad example on your viewers, specially on the young and inexperienced  ones. Soon or later that will bite you or your employees in the butt... Great job on that bathroom.
Hang Lizzys welds on the wall. It reminds you of your progress when you see it after you've been welding for a while.
Where did Trevor and Randy go?
I agree with Matt It Lizzy's work should definitely be hung up,on display as a reminder that no matter how bad things look in the beginning that they will always get better with a little work.
Matt I really love your videos but between you and Fab rat neither one of you wear safety glasses when somebody gets their eye poked out then you're going to wish you had them on you were using that grinder and your partner there was trying to cover his face up come on guys is it really worth losing eyeball
I didn't see a stainless steel "GRAB RAIL" in the shower for Ed. "Caution" !!!!
Spent a few years putting tile in. Whoever you had there looks to have done a damn good job by my eye
ha, ha, Tom just quoted Red Green. @12:12
The letter in the blue field on the EU plate denotes the country. “D” for Deutschland. The next two letters in the white field denote the city/region. MA= Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg
Ill bet lizzy will be leaving the channel in the near future , followed by Tucker . 🤔 Subscribers have flatlined.
All of that foam on the walls makes me sad.  What a waste of money.
What about painting the frame of the Wrecker
Matt I really wish y'all would wear eye protection when grinding/cutting. All you guys make this my favorite youtube channel and I don't want a episode of we should have worn our eye protection. Keep up the good work and invite merlins old school garage with his wrecker to the Olympics. Let's see what a diesel can do.
I think Lizzy should auction it off....
The Red Green Show quote! :D
put the aliminium on the fridge!
So someone correct me if I'm wrong.  They want the wrecker running and driving for King of the Hammers in 11 days?  They're gonna have to pick up the pace.  In this video that spanned 2 days they halfway relocated 2 reservoirs and installed 1 skid plate.  Hopefully this took place 3 weeks ago...
Did you know; that it is only after someone loses an eye, that they then wear protective glasses while grinding?
Spell check changed it from family, although father is great too
Hang the test coupon on the wall behind her jacket.
What about Safety Glasses?????
Republic of Ireland licence plates
How cool ~
Matt please wear safety glasses while grinding.
Matt love to help all people!
Hang the TIG...It'll be inspiration to do better next time.
Those wheren german plates. In germany you don't get plates handed to you. You have to get them made yourself. The MA OR 455 is propably what some guy in germany was able to get for his car. (No personalized plates, just what you can do with "Area,Area,(Area)-Letter,letter-1-4digit number
That looks like a real cool project to do I used to do metal fab For a foreign car dealership it was a lot of fun I do a lot of my own fab for my  3rd Jen 4 runner My next project is sliders for the 4 runner
Wholesome wonderful father
Something I’ve been trying to put my finger on…but I bet Lizzy could probably do one mean Sandy Cheeks impersonation. 🐿
Your going to have cavitation in those brand new shocks. Unless you were able to bleed all the air out and top off oil which didn’t look like it in the vid.
A 2-piece design on those pinion guards would have been a much better plan - skeletonize the back half of it so you can just put the bolts in, and then bolt another piece of armor to the outside to protect all that.  Probably worse performing in the MR part of MRAP, but fine for offroad reapplications.
temp gauge for ed is to high,, that will be the temp up there, not down at head level
TELE-GRAM IS AGAIN ON YOUR CHANNEL YOU NEED TO BAN THEM NOW!
Well done Matt & Team !  UK
German not french;)
TOM TOM WITH A RED GREEN REFERENCE!!!  The Canadian force is strong with this show. ( 12:10 )
When is the wrecker Olympics scheduled?
why do all that for the shocks cant you just turn them a 180 ?... rather than add hoses to mount the expansion tank on the back ? just turn the shock 180' ?
D means German plates
Hang it and be sure to label it so anyone can see it.
That pinion cover seems like there's quite a bit of hanging weight on those 5 studs
Not happy YouTube isn’t notifying me anymore for new videos you guys post. All notifications are on and I have always watched every video right of way 🧐
Frame the weld sheet and hang it. You only et one first one. You need to name your wrench "Caution" so you can use it, a lot.
hey Matt.....   1. Where was your safety Goggles when you were grinding?  2. Why dont you powder coat all that raw steel?  Trucks looking good :) Chris
Hang it up be proud of it lizzy
It’s the little things: I love that the top left screw holding on the “we do it right because we do it twice” sign was installed at an angle, only about half way into the wall. Couldn’t be happier with the installation!
The European tags are from  Deutschland, (GERMANY), Notice the D in the bottom left.
Wonderful work in the workshop, I really under-estimated when U 1st bought the vehicle
Racheting wrenches are where it is at.
The numberplates with a D are from Deutchland ( Germany) gr from Holland.
Yes hang it!
No paint on the all the bare metal?
Don't forget to go back and check all of the bolts to make sure you didn't forget to tighten something important.
look at these guys designing parts with computers! it's like they're doing stuff in the 21st century or something! those big European license plates are German. The D is for Deutsche (which is German for, well... German) 10:10 I love how Lizzie just nods when she finds out who made the pinion guard. It's like she's thinking "Oh, OK. That's what professional welding look like"
Tom Tom needs some trt and a gun membership 😬
left side of the lp is  a white D inthe blue (Deutsche) German
I knew I liked TomTom,  but the Red Green quote sealed it.
Keep doing what yer do'n !!
You're in the wrong business if you want to stay clean buddy
Custom problems require custom solutions.
👍
They are German
Amazing content as always, thanks to Lizzy😍😍❤️
With the wheels wouldn't it be easier to tape a zip lock bag to each hub and only put 4 nuts on rather than constantly pulling 16 off each wheel?
T-shirt idea 💡 Mud, gasoline, and shock oil
Just curious, maybe I missed something but.... Where is Trevor?
Thank God you are working on the wrecker! LOL! What is that program you are drawing parts on!?
Btw - Bilstein is from "Djermany" as well!
Y couldn’t you just spin the shock around, so it sat on the inside?
20:22 Fellas… you absolutely need pivoting ratcheting wrenches for those hard to reach places.
wow 60,000 super cool !
I wonder how much the heavy wrecker project has cost so far...materials and labour must be about $200k by now...
Can I get a how to build a wrecker for dummies with those files ? And yes hang lizzy art work up. The when she completes a nice one hang it next to it
Dude you need ratchet wrenches and stud extractors right tool makes everything quicker Matt!
The D on the plate stands for Dutchland . Germany.
Remember the caution sign?  Use Caution, and wear eye protection, please.  I know you have said that you've never gotten stuff in your eyes, but it only takes one white-hot spark to ruin an eye forever.
12:10  Hey Tom, nice quote from Red Green🤣
you shuld add a snow plow to the front of the wrecker
Hang It NOW .
Hang it lizzy bee!
Things are slowly coming together! Great gift for The Dove Foundation!
This episode is a lot about nothing. Watching you build this wrecker is like watching grass grow.
Tom Tom is the man guys got a good amount of knowledge
Hey Lizzi, display that set of first welds with pride. I know a lot of welders who still can't lay a bead worth a crap and they have been at it for decades.
6:11 German.
I’m a doer myself… I love Matt and I wish I had a Tom Tom…
It's to wide
Tom Tom with the red green quote! He is the man!!
pls install dampening on the store boxes inside walls  ever heard of ratched link tools ?
The license plate are from Germany….D … white with blue background….in the left corner…stands for Deutschland 🇩🇪….”MA” the first big letter…for instance stands for Mannheim…
The irony that you had to correct the quote about doing it right because you do it twice... love it!
I was watching this and I fell asleep. Had a dream that I was working with Matt and Tom Tom lol. How strange…
6:10 D for Deutschland, so German plates :)
Ed's shower needs a bench in it
I’m wondering why you didn’t use ori instead of the other shocks
Love the Red Green reference Tom Tom.😁
Morr wair sign is from germany,,,its a big D there and it means Deutzland  germany  not france
Tom is a thinker… Matt is a doer… Perfect team! I’m sure they want to kill each other though…
I came to see how Lizzy out welds, drives or falls anyone else, and then stayed to see how Matt wings it....   Again.
Can you spin the front Bilsteins 180 so the reservoir fitting is on the inside, instead of the outside of the shock? This would get the line completely out of the way.
License plates are from germany The D means Deutschland
I wish I could express how grateful I feel knowing how you guys are always helping the community. Uh, must've gotten something in my eye, they're watering. . .
What company makes the angle grinder bench mount at 21:55? One of those would be extremely handy.  Ed's place is looking great!
What is the final cost for the worlds biggest wrecker?  I'm guessing $135,000
$60k. Wow.
A wrench is an Adjustable Spanner. Just Saying. Matt, Monster of Road Wrecker Sounds Good.
There is a heck of a lot of iron on that truck,  can't wait to see it go to work.
Ha..!!...needs another krew already.....😝...probably a second story on the building..😳....maybe a third for the offices....🤔😖
Put Lizzy's welding art on the refrigerator.
I don’t see deck screws lasting long with the weight of the welding jackets, go get some decent coat hangers hooks or at least some lag bolts.
Thom Tom Watches RED GREEN!!!!!!!
Hey Matt and crew, watching you guys from Amman Jordan. Been following your Channel for sometime now. Like it’s content and what you guys do. Best wishes to all 👋
Those Morr-Vair Euro license plates would be Germany . The D in the corner stands for Deutschland.
Cardboards are great….CAD…Cardboard Assistant Design.❤😂😉😉😉😉
“Im gonna roughly draw this and expertly cut it out”. Seconds later…. “ I cut too much off this part and it can come out farther”. ~ Matt  😂😂😂
Ha I heard a red green joke lol. DUCK TAPE FOREVER
100% hang it now and then when she improves hang the next one alongside it! It will be so cool to see her progress on a timeline on the wall!
The "D" on the euro plates stands for Germany "Deutschland"😉
Bottle of lotion next to Tom toms laptop. 🤔  He must love the tow truck. 😂
Are you planning on taking the wrecker to Moab in April
There is only one first time.  Hang it.
Bet it's clickbait, the special olympics will wait. And I bet the title change in a couple hours will be even less accurate.
Matt, I don't think those reservoirs are 100% necessary.  Generally, they are for shocks that are cycling really hard and fast for hours on end (race vehicle) so that the shock oil can stay cooler.  I just don't see you guys heating those shocks to the point of oil failure.  You could check with FOX to confirm this, but I am betting you could just cap that reservoir outlet and save yourself the trouble.
Well done, Matt and crew,  Well done.
Speaking as a twice retired 71 year old, once Lizzy becomes more world famous with a lot more life experiences, she will appreciate 'her first,' so yes it needs to be kept in a special spot to help remember where she came from.
Not gonna lie it hurt watching the shocks be done like that now there is air in the shock gonna cause cavitation and you should pressure the shock with it off the vehicle all the way extended. I know it’s your rig but I’d hate to see issues down the road with the shocks.
Extra long shower hose, we put two 5' lengths together for my  Mom when dementia progressed. Have round corners  and motion lights so he does not have to look for switches. Used in commercial buildings all the time now. Get one of your channels local electrical folks to design. Power outage light wall kits at doors and hallways. Fire extinguisher in kitchen with smoke alarms in all living spaces.
Matt's off road recovery is so much more
VERY GOOD FOLKS doing awesome things for their neighbors- doesn't get any better than this!!!! Bob H., Flat Rock, N.C.
👍👍👍👍👍
How about an outside speaker to your portable radios so you can listen to spotters as you are working ??
you should name the wrecker bumble bee
Like the Green reference, love that show.
Banana and Morrvair are often trailered to vicinity of distant recoveries.  Can Heavy Wrecker be trailered or will it be restricted to nearby recoveries?
"D" license plate  Deutschland = Germany.  I have two one from my Porsche and one from my BMW.  I picked up both cars from their factory locations in Germany. Nurburgring  "08.08.19 Spin"  fluid spill my poor eye sight . France is F,  Spain is E.  Espana .     youtube  08.08.19 Spin  , 46 second video Makes for an exciting vacation.  They have some off road experiences in the area.  ??    I had money ,  now I have fading memories.
Lizzy seems different
Hang it!
I'm just gonna nick come off, "OH" your going to radius your wrench to fit.
Lizzy, please hang up your first welding example. Then do another one to show just how much you have learned about welding.
Lizzy's first weld's deserves a frame and displayed with honor and pride ....😉☺️ Please stamp her name in the corner it's art 👍 Take Care 🤠✌️
@ 15:10 yes, get your hose guy to make a custom elbow for the shock end of the hose,  wrap the hose around the back of the shock,  move the rubber farther away from the tire at full articulation, mount the reservoir back outside the shock tower.
Put them up
Lots of waisted time and rebuilding... Should of been done by now
Definitely put Lizzy's first tig work up! Great progress on the wrecker and what an awesome effort and cause for the Dove Center campaign!
Kudos for that huge amount donated to the Dove center.. glad i could be a small part of it...  😊🤘🏼🇺🇲
I agree, mount it on the wall.
12:11 Love the Red Green reference.
The frame was originally designed for compressed air storage. Did this not pan out? Haven't heard anything mentioned about it since...
I was typing please don’t stand on the stool while hanging the caution sign and low and behold😮
German license plates
Just run spacers lol
😂😂 the red green show is hilarious. Don’t forget the handy mans secret weapon….. duct tape
A Dark Room with a Computer and a very large Lotion Bottle
the shock line issue u was pointing out, can u spin the shock so that the lines are inside the box u made for the shock
I have a couple of suggestions for naming the wrecker. Part of it comes from seeing "WLORW".  Lorrie - Large (or Largest) Off Road (w)Recker Willy - World's Largest  It might not be all that inventive, but hey . . .
On the wall. Inspire other young girls to weld. We all have a first step.
Where is tervor at
I thought, “we do it nice because we do it twice” was Paul’s friend Randy’s coined phrase? Just checking.
Love seeing Matt and the crew working on the wrecker
Lizzy's first TIG welds should be FRAMED and hung on the wall. I remember watching the vid when you first got her to start welding; she was so nervous. And now she's a great welder! Definitely showcase her work.
Safety glasses...smh
Matt and the crew y'all are doing a Awesome job on the heavy Wrecker and the Dove center you are Awesome Matt
When Matt picks up a grinder, he needs to read the Caution sign, and to put on some safety glasses. But, I'm afraid he won't learn until he loses an eye.
Lol french... It's germany
Got my weed rolled up lunch wormed up on the perfect time
Tighten up tom start eating bacon and eggs for breakfast and not cereal and you could hold that cover longer than .30 seconds
This may be a question to ask of Bilstein. But, would it be possible to clock the top mount of the shock, maybe 45deg so that neither the hose/welded 90 bend, or the smaller pipes to the left, are facing directly out towards the tyre?
2:30 - Anyone else find this funny? :)
Have Lizzy sign it and date it and hang it. Yeah, that was a big waste of time, go back and edit yourself to be transparent. Tom Tom is a real Asset to the team. We don't need no stinking instructions! Great job ladies with the recovery! Sounds like a Great service for our ladies who have gone through rough times, and I am glad you support them. We need more organizations such as this. Awesome donation too! Now if we can get the courts to do their job to stop the abuse. Too many have died or have been permanently injured with no real consequences for the males. "We" got a lot of work done...Tom Tom has multiple personalities now. Is "We" a new pronoun? Anyway, great video coverage of the continuing saga of the WLOR Wrecker.
The yellow and white plates are designated D For Deutschland or in English ,Germany .❤❤❤
But right now my first wish is to help my family get out of the unhealthy living situation as my travel has had a leak in the roof and my aunts mobile home is very old and it is time for her to have something new
Looks like Tom Tom is a Possum Lodge member
1. Are you going to carry wheel chocks or something that can dig into the ground? Is the weight of the wrecker enough with the brake on? It seems like even with how heavy the wrecker is, it will sometimes have to pull an RV or big truck.  2. Is there a way to pull low with the wrecker? Many times with the Morrvair you had to pull from just off the ground to keep from damaging the other vehicle.
LOL at 'red locktite'!  In every shop I've ever worked in, the rule has always been:  No leaking allowed! Sadly, it's a rule that's hard to follow in a shop, I'm 60 with a collection of 'mechanic's tats' to show for it.  I'm with Lizzy on not hanging it up.. she should keep it though..  I've kept a few of my 'firsts' as learning tools, but more importantly as a reminder for me to be patient.
Nice Red Green quote.
Hang it up or have a drawing for so lucky fan to win!!
Please EYE protection Matt!
ممتاز وزاد اعجابي👉👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
PLEASE WEAR SOME SAFETY GLASSES!!!!!!!!!!
The wrecker is looking strong.  It's awesome what you are doing in your community.
I’m wondering if it would have been easier to put studs for the skid plate and nuts instead of bolts!????
Guys, the MORR-VAIR Numberplate is german ! See the "D" in the blue section - it means "Deutschland"
Hang it!
Not only are you a great team, but your fans who raised 60,000$ are great too!
I’ll put a shower door on there for y’all!!!!
I've been watching a lot of Rainman Ray's videos along with this series. Ray uses tons of magnetic led lights and clamp on hood bars for his videos. It really helps the audience see better. Probably would be slightly helpful when your under the truck wrenching too. That final shot of the installed cover was just shadow lol. Anyway I love this channel and just want to try and give helpful suggestions. Watching other people fabricate always gets me motivated and I get a lot done. Thanks for the help!
The red green reference from Tom Tom!! Glad to have you here man!
Your "We do it right" sign reminds me of a saying we had at a local gun manufacturing plant. "There's never time to do it right but always time to do it over."
Water will collect in those pinion guards..  you need to drill some holes.
So Matt... did you put oil in the front and rear diffs yet?
That Caution Sign needs to be mounted right above the shop First Aid Box ?
The apartment is looking awesome!
I appreciate you helping the domestic violence organization. I worked for the YWCAUtah for 7 years. I always said it's a great program but it sucks that we need such a program
As a man who has been abused. Domestic violence isn’t a woman’s problem, statically it’s nearly 50/50!
"if the woman don't find you handsome, they sure will find ya handy"
short cameo from Rhett but still amusing!
Debris will fall into that air bag cup.. put a heavy rubber shroud to protect it and allow cleaning.. use a quick disconnect pin so you can access easily
The MORR-VAIR license plate is from Deutschland, a.k.a Germany. Every country in the world has a one, two or sometimes three letter code.  USA UK A - Austria B - Belgium D - Deutschland / Germany E - Espagna / Spain F - France G - Gabon (Africa) H - Hungary I - Italy  Etc etc.
The telegramers are spamming the comments faster than I can report them.
D is for Deutschland 🇩🇪 aka Germany 😅
OMG Matt here are your ratchet wrenches?! That right there is the reason I buy them!
tack weld the washers in place.
Wrecker looks great can't wait to see it in action....There's is something that could be an issue or not but it seems like the premier welder is rather exposed to the elements mid,snow,dirt or whatever else
Is the heavy wrecker getting painted?  I see alot of surface rust forming.
deffo hang Lizzies first tig work :)
6.10: it's German. At vthe left side a "D" from "Germany". If it would-be France it had to be a "F".
I keep forgetting to ask in other videos, what about paint? There's a lot of unpainted steel.
You're far away from degeneracy of this society, but don't think you'll be able to avoid it, it has to be actively opposed.
Good job Matt and Jamie !
Here’s one thing that I don’t hear that I know it’s true fact things are only impossible until someone makes them possible
Hang up Lizzy’s work. She’s a big draw for your videos.
The D on the plate is Germany.
wouldnt it been easier to set those studs to double nut the end of them and turn them in, remove the double nuts THEN put the cover on?
The thing I love about Matt and Family including team members Is the Strive to Thrive!
The phrase you are looking for is...  "That ain't goin' nowhere."
TomTom quoting Red Green!!!!
Wait... where's skeeter?  Did I miss something?
About the number plate from "some european" country. It says "D" for "Deutchland", ie Germany!
Absolutely you should hang lizzys 1st plate on the wall
Tom Tom was that a Red Green show comment.....😂🤣😂
I wont be the elephant in the room about those front shock having to come back out and refilled and bled to remove the air so they can get there nitrogen charge
Hurry up!!!!
That’s a suspiciously large bottle of lotion next to the computer 😂
The carplates are german 😂👍🏼 D stands for Deutschland  All carplates in the EU (european union) look the same except for the white letters in the left blue field which indicates the country of origin (eg. I= Italy, F=France, NL= Netherlands and so on)  Best wishes ><>Lutz
This is the most complicated wrecker ever built,and slowest,hurry up get  it done use it,feul economy will make it to expensive to run or trailer around
Caution:  grinder eye protection.
Yes put up Lizie's masterpiece.
Tell Tom that cobbled wrench would be a Pin Spanner
I appreciate the Red Green quote TomTom!
Ratcheting wrenches Matt! Ratcheting wrenches.
Matt, please, please put on Safety Glasses (and make everyone else in the shop) when using a grinder, lathe or saw.
Ολυμπία, Olympia not Olimpia ;)
Feel cheated. This episode was a whole lot of nothing .🤔
ratcheting wrenches
D--- for Deutch land (Germany) on the European plate. That pinion guard looks bomb proof. I've never been accused of being smart but don't you need to replace the fluid that leaked out of the shock?
Why is Tom Tom on that little bitty laptop doing CAD work, instead of the big monitor sitting next to him?
awesome video as usually. btw it's spelled *olympics. cheers
"Its not your fault, the sign wasnt up."-Matt  My new slogan
D for Deutschland
33:30. Wait, so Tom Tom's new nickname is "We?"
Tom Tom nice Red Green quote.
You guys need a it's been this many days since our last accident sign lol
Yes I would say so hang it up the shadow how good Lizzy is doing
Tom Tom needs to hit thy gym 🤣🤣
Just out of curiosity, I have done some work on shocks before and was wondering, did you add oil to the shock after adding the remote reservoir hoses? There is an air volume introduced there that I’m pretty sure will need to be bled out or they won’t function properly. Keep up the good work! Can’t wait to see it in action!
Yes put Lizzys welding on the wall
Wear you freaking safety glasses, you obviously don’t care about safety at all.
Just wondering .....Will all the new steel be painted at some point? Or left natural?
Haha.. love the red-green quote!    If the women don't find ya handsome..  they can at least find ya handy! 🤓👊🏼😆🤘🏼🇺🇲
Thank you for supporting such a worthy cause ❤  that is amazing and wonderful  Thank you
Matt you’re doing great listening and following your instincts to do good. Way to go👍. 🕊♥️
That's a big bottle of lotion in a dark room with computers...
Hang Lizzies work Right now...
I can't believe you're going to trust a competitor to work on parts for your rig... That Paul Cox fella looks sketchy to me😂
Man it’s gotten kinda boring missing Trevor and skeeter they kept the excitement in the shop idk what happen Rudy left then it snowballed wtf man 😅 lizzy will be next she don’t have any friends to work with and have funn with it’s depressing lol
Hang it on the wall!!!!!!
Where did you get that stand for the angle grinder?
Could you not install the shocks backwards so the hose is on the back side?
Way to go
For her to decide!
Hey Matt !!    Love The Channel !!  And.. With That.. I Want To See You Wearing Eye Protection While Buzzing Down Wrenches.. And Other Metal Grinding.. ehh..  I Saw You Hang That Caution Sign.. Let's Follow That Sign And Use CAUTION !!  🤘  Rock On !!
May be time for a set of Gearwrenches! would've made light work on tightening the pinion guard on.
Was there a reason the shocks were mounted near vertical Instead of cantered towards the engine? I think it would have helped clearance
Tom is weak lol
I think your new reservoir hoses put them upside down.  Instead of the oil feeding in, the nitrogen to pressurize them.  Unless there is a  method in the reservoir to keep the oil feeding the shock
Hang that tig plate under her helmet on the wall so she sees it every time she grabs her helmet as a reminder of how far she has come since the beginning.
Hang that tig plate under her helmet on the wall so she sees it every time she grabs her helmet as a reminder of how far she has come since the beginning.
Her first work should be framed and signed..  😬💙🤘🏼🇺🇲
Hi Matt, I'm writing because I saw your "Blue Line American Flag" in this video. I suspect that in the coming days you will learn the police are working for the United Nations and this blue flag is a symbol for this conspiracy. The United Nations and NATO are Nazi established NGOs for the purpose of creating a One World Government (New World Order). The police will tell you the Blue Flag is for fallen police. This is a lie, there is no Constitutional recognition for this flag. The dark color is recognized for "no quarter will be granted" (take no prisoners). I hope you receive this communication with the intention intended (no malice).
Hang it!
Definitely hang the first time welding sheet if not on the wall on the fridge.
Who makes the bench mount for the hand angle grinder?
D (under the EU flag on the numbers plate) representing Deutschland - Germany
Once again Matt.  Appreciate what you do for the community
You misspelled "Olimpics" Olympics 😁😁😁😁
Tom quoting Red Green...nice...
I am sure those tires each cost more than my first car… anyone else?
Have you tried tip dip on the welder nozzles?
The signs are german
Title is "Olympics"
There’s been so many different hands working on this wrecker I’ll be so glad when it’s done and is being used.
not french german
The D  on those Morvair tags stands for Deutschland ie. Germany. In Europe, every country has their initial in the blue part of the tag. France has an F , Germany a D, Spain has ES for Espania and so on.
Hang it lizzy. Looks like art
That would be a German license plate.
Did they fry all the Hercules?
No washers
YES! Hang Lizzies work. Trust me, some years from now you'll look up at it and be so glad you did.
Keep up the great work you guys. Nice job on getting Ed's apartment together and also helping the Dove people too. Okay. Stay safe you guys.
Need to hurry up on this Wrecker so you can get started on the Chevy LUV (Lizzy Utility Vehicle) build.
Hang Lizzie's tig on the wall. The first one is the one with the memories. Matt and crew do so much for the community. I love watching these people.
Hope they thought ahead and put backer boards in the shower walls. It is much weaker mounting handrails without them.
Actually, another YouTuber I follow has a very similar slogan, Rainman Ray's Repairs says, "I love my job so much that I do it twice, and sometimes I even do it thrice!"
You should name the wrecker lorie   For “largest off road”wrecker
12:12 Red Green , yeah buddy
Funny how this was a wish of mine to be able to help others with abusive relationships and I had documents disappear from my place of residence during an endeavor of trying to help a woman get away from a supposed abusive relationship then she turned out to be the actual abuser as she tried to crush my larynx during one event
hang it on the wall Lizz`s frist tig well welding
Can you use your influence to get YouTube to squeeze in a few more commercials? Holy cow!!
Olympic
May God continue to bless you and your family, your business, and channel Mr.Matt Whetzel!!!
It's a fine line that domestic violence gig. People are falsely acused all the time of that.
Couldn’t he just scan in your cutout
Damn I’m back in the Matts off-road recovery wagon. Obsessed. Every video is amazing and addicting and this lifestyle is so far from mine. Where is the tv show
The European plate is from Germany, D is for Deutschland. I'm loving the content as always.
Comon Mat !!! the D on the european licence plate this is for Dutchland ! ^^
Hey man, you only get two eyes for a lifetime. Please consider wearing atleast safety glasses if not a full shield when you bust out the grinder. I'd hate to see you lose an eye. I already watched glasses save a couple people i personally know and one content creators eye. Definitely your choice, same as hearing protection, I just can't leave it alone in good conscience. I changed after having it repeated to me and then losing some of my hearing and developing tinnitus on top of it. I don't want to see anyone else have to learn the hard way if they don't have to.
Matt and crew throws caution to the wind in Hurricane.  You need a ratcheting wrench for that pinion guard.  Congratulations on the fund raising.
The morr you practice the better you get Lizzy! 😁
Just a little “Red Green”😃
hey matt have you tried locking two nuts together on a stud to remove them
Frame it before hanging it. Put Lizzy's name and the date on a brass tag on the frame.
Hang up Lizzy's welds!! If she wants to make another one she can hang that one beside it!! Artist 🤌🤘😜
Super well done with your support to the Dove Centre. You guys are all hero's. Much respect.
Really got a chuckle when Tom Tom quoted the Red Green Show. "If women don't find you handsome, they might as well find you handy"
Just hang Lizzy on the wall !
Claw hammer makes an appearance at about the 10:50 mark if you want to jump ahead :D
Time for Miss Lizzie to get her welding certificates
Why don't you just lift the heavy record up at work on it
D is for Deutschland. The German word for Germany. That's a German Morr Vair plate.   How much work is it to remove the washers with silicone after the fact? I usually use a glob a grease to hold stuff in place like washers and o rings. Comes apart easy and the petroleum product doesn't hurt internal motor components and is safe jsut about anywhere. Although it's a huge mess.
The gorgeous lady Lizzy!
Caution sign put up to remind everyone in the shop to be more cautious.  Proceeds to use grinding wheel, throwing lotsa sparks, without eye pro. 😂😅 Love your channel and can’t wait for the WLORW debut recovery!
Great video
the support of DOVE was the best part of this one.
German Tags I believe…..
You guys need to talk to paul, and get sponsored by that little CNC plasma cutter thingy..  (Grind Hard Plumbing has one too, I forget the name of it).
The D on the licence plate is from Germany and the other plate with the MA OR 455 is from Mannheim Germany If you were wondering
D on the regoplate... french :D
Just my thought, Litzy’s practice TIG should go up for auction for a charitable donation…
Hang it high on the wall!
Laptop, headphones, bottle of lotion... Tom's workin' hard.
Mr Tesla hiring Matt to be the design team leader.
These past few days watching my portfolio decline is very disheartening. Holding doesn't really profit much, any idea how on how to earn better on the short run?
Go Dove Center  !         THANKS  MATT.       YOUR A SAINT😁✝
The European license plates are German or probably novelty German. The D on them stands for Deutch. Which is German in German.
I wonder if a flex socket would fit down in that rear diff guard on a long extension...seems like it might be a possibility
Yup, I tuned in to watch you hang stuff from your walls.. not to watch the wrecker build drag on another year 💩
The red sign should be a gift for paul
Shouldn't you spell Olympics <<<------ this way? ✌🐢
You need skeeter back
Whoever designed those pinion guards either hates mechanics, or has never built anything in their life. Classic example of being able to draw stuff on a computer that doesn't work in the real world.
By the way, lazy  is beautiful beyond imagination
airmaxx sells triple bellowed bags for the rear available for a few dollars more than the double bellowed bags and they give like 8"-12" more inches more of travel which would work perfect for the rear of wrecker so u could raise it alot more outback for better pulling power
Add a footswitch to that pillar drill
Have you guys heard of ArcDroid?  I bet you guys would make great use of one!
Al Gores Rhythm
Watch adding all those bends. It adds length for every bend. Gas pipe 1 90 =7' to the calculation to the run length.
tomtom is such a clear communicator under pressure.  Very admirable.
D = Duitsland Germany
My favorite part of this whole series is watching everyday guys with everyday tools find and solve problems without a million dollar shop just put your mind to it you can do anything
I knew I liked Tom Tom for a good reason! "If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least fond you handy" is a quote from the Red Green Show! Two classics meet! <3
morr vair is Hindi for More War
Can you rotate the shocks 180° placing the reservoir on the other side of the shock and then use the reservoir relocation kit
Love the Red Green reference.
It belongs hanging on a refrigerator.
I say throw that Tig practice square on the wall Matt 🤙🏽
Matt you are a great person, that’s the right way of life. God bless you all. Greetings
Alright Tom,,,, Alias Red Green
Your sound is so up and down I find myself constantly adjusting my volume.
Nice work guys!
Tom and the turd in his pocket, 'We"
Not only hang Lizzy's first TIG but frame it!
hey matt dont rush it. it can wait. you look exhausted man take a well earned breather
You guys need to get some ratcheting wrenches.
Number plate is german (D) Deutschland
Definitely hang it
Hang you must then have her do another and hang that.. lol.  Cheers
Matt is a blessing to so many people!
I miss Trevor
Hey Matt, you guys should consider wearing portable mics when shooting your videos. When you're out in the shop or even the office talking to Tom-Tom and you turn away from the camera I/we lose your voice and have to turn up my volume to hear you.
Lizzie rocks
hang it
I wanna do some work out there soon as I'm squared away ... Might have to leave here to get squared away lol
Awesome result for the centre team MORR. Tom-Tom is really taking to the cameras now as well.
0:35 Matt, you might want to ask about that hand lotion next to the computer.
Tom Tom quoting Red Green made my day
As far as that hydraulic hose, goes on the shock.. do you want to have 345s on the bottom start with a street 45 going into another street 45 going into another street 45 that will curl you around and put you along the side where you want to be. Then go up into a regular 90.
I grew up with a rough life... My mom had problems and died when I was 14 and lost my grandparents as well... I'm having problems getting my rig worked on here in socal... Just gettin messed around really bad...
Looking great. Top work and thanks for sharing this with us take care
D is for Deutschland….Germany…ain’t genius
Hang it on the wall
Where are Lizzy's helmet and jacket going?
Red would protect the shock by wrapping it in a few rolls of duct tape.  Keep your stick on the ice!
As always you are all fantastic in how you mentor others and help beyond your own needs. Ed's apartment is looking so great and well thought out.
I love TomTom.  His welding and fabrication skills are great, but what happened to Trevor?
The D on the numberplates stands for Germany - Deutschland, the yellow stars on the blue ground stand for the european union.
Hang that up and be very proud LIZZY!
I think Lizzy should put the plate from her first TIG welding practice up on the wall.  She can always add a new one whenever she wants.  I think too, that she should put a date on the back, if she remembers what that was.  BTW, her first TIG welding looks WAY, WAY better than mine did!  Her welds are beautiful.  She seems to have a natural talent for it.  Thanks for the video!
I'm a Navy electrician machinist mechanic and survivalist... I build all natural closed loop water recycling systems for carwashes lawnmowers and equipment work on commercial buildings too...
It would be a shame not to hang Lizzie's welding plate on the wall! Definitely should!
That number plate is German
Did you invert the reservoirs on the shocks when you relocated them? Does it matter? I don't know, that's why I'm asking. Loving this build.
Can someone that’s been watching longer than me, inform me of what engines the morvair, banana and the big wrecker all have? Thanks
On the plates, you have a "D". It's Deutchland. HI from France (" F" on our plates ).
In England, a spanner is a crescent wrench as the span of the wrench can be adjusted. The European license plate is from Germany, with the letter "D" on the left for Deutschland. If it were from France, it would have the letter "F" 🙂
You need a wall that shows everyone's name and picture that way you got a memory of them all that have helped you over the years
Tom Tom for the win with the Red Green show reference!!!  😆🙌
the hand lotion but no tissues~
Am I missing something or someone?  Where’s Trevor?😢
You put up a sign that says, "if you think safety is  expensive,  try paying for an accident..."
Tom with that 32OZ bottle of lotion right next to his laptop 😳
Shouldn't Lizzy's art go on the fridge???
those plates are german, D for Deutschland
The license plate is from Germany, the D stands for Deutschland, France would be F :)
Hang Lizzy's first welding work on your Mountain Dew fridge!
Matt, please do this yellow monster. We want to see it work, and I think it will be nothing more powerful than it. Although I disagree with you on the issue of the engine a little, but you are the professional. You have all the support from Kuwait. You inspired me a lot. Thank you for all your efforts, with all thanks to all the crew. And excuse me for the google translation
German morrvar plate also lizzy tig welding
Matt and Tom Tom. Make your template. Scan it or take a photo. Then use the software to make a wire frame. Then have the software size it to spec. In sign business, that's how we do it many times. Take a photo of said vehicle area signage is going. Measure the door length or height. Now blow the photo up to size in graphic software. Make a sign as an overlay on that photo on the screen. Cut it out on a printer or plotter, and it's a perfect fit.
6:10 Those are from Germany. D = Deutschland, France would be F. (Talking about the letter in the blue field)
Hang that one then another . Lizzy needs a wall . Great video.
Maybe they answered this in another episode but why winches for the boom instead of hydraulics?
Dang guys and ladies, wear your safety glasses. If you damage your eyes all work will stop for a month or more while you get well, if you ever recover from the accident. CAUTION- SAFETY FIRST!
WOW, $60,000....You guys are great! Well done people.....
if each person that subscribes to this channel donated $1 it would be 1,370,000 for the Dove Center
Question on the shock reservoir/s won't it require more fluid to compensate for the hose length?  Also that was awesome job for the dove center. Have a good day and a blessed week amen.
Lizzy's work should be on the wall.  She should be proud of her progress.
The EU plates are from Denmark
Frame up lizzies weld plate
So glad to see Lizzy back. Hope her new life is agreeing with her…😊
Read that sign and feel ashamed of your injury 🤕
Hang it!!
The giant "D" on the license plates is for Deutschland = Germany
Great job , you guys have are awesome.
Awesome Red Green reference!
Hope 2mm subscribers is around the corner.
Hope that was a harbor freight wrench and not a snap on that you ground on😱
I'm surprised you don't have a set of ratcheting wrenches
That thing is a monster
Hang it on the wall
You guys are truly amazing i watch every video and im very glad i can
Off-road is one word.
pu tit on the wall
D on European plate stays for Deutschland aka Germany
Amazing 60 thsend
Glasses!!! , protect your eyes !!! You NEED to see to work .
" Caution "  like using safety glasses while grinding under the wrecker?   No gloveswhile using grinder?  just sayin....
Those brake discs appear to be some copper alloy. Is that correct? We had some like that on our Emb -120.
You need some ratcheting wrenches for the pinion guard install they would be a game changer.
I think you hang it and save space to hang another one after she is better
Were is Trevor dose he still work there?
Awesome video guys!
@2:30, you guys onto something?!???!!?  About the files, that is awesome, I can actually use them to build something similar, if ever. Like, I copy the chassis and all, except the wrecker part, it would make a nice rock crawling motor home.
Hi Matt. Not sure if someone has already informed you, but the D on the Morr vair plate stands for Deutschland = Germany.
so if the welds are bad like that miller guy said does that mean half of the welds are bad? or will u just continue the build with the welds it has now?
Wrecker looks great.  I'm wondering what are ya going to do with the bare steel parts?
Where is the guy that always does your electrical work. He has the beard.
absolutely hang Lizzy's tig plate
"We do it nice because we do it twice'"    *Paul Cox of FabRats*
So, why are you turning down the rotors? They fit inside the wheels currently
oh Yes, put it on the wall...
We always said "We do it nice because we do it twice" whenever we had to rework something.
Matt Lindsey’s art needs to be hung on the refrigerator
You're a influencer so WEAR your safety glass when using power tools . Come on man .
Ratchet spanners!- must have in such a fabrication shop! It was painful just watching you struggle with those...
Yes
I’m bored as hell of watching y’all work on this damn wrecker. Wake me up when it’s done.
Will there be any kind of rust protection for all these bare metal parts? Greetings from germany.
1. Matt has a.d.d. for sure 😂 bro delegate the simple work of hanging stuff and stay focused on the wrecker lol 2. Love how it goes from cardboard cutouts to technical fabrication without an official blueprint 😂
CAUTION.......... MATT. I think you should have a fines jar for every time someone welds or grinds or drills without protection or making the job secure. At the end of the year you will have funds for a trophy for the person who is accident and incident free.
Where I work, "we make it nice, by doing it twice and sometimes thrice!"
You HAVE to hang Lizzy's welding practice up.
Hang it on the wall.
we want a monster wrecker toy
Gonna have some grab rails in shower? As an old fart, I appreciate the ones in my shower.
just weld a small bash bar over the shock, that way when the tire comes up it just rubs the bar. like a shock roll cage
First artwork always goes on the fridge
Euro plates all have the blue with stars rectangle on the side with the country letter. D Germany, F France B, Belgium, NL Netherlands. Even tho these 4 plates are different I can tell them apart and where from I don't know all of europe but can still tell where the plate is from all over europe.
I have an idea for your cardboard cutouts (CAD as you like to call it). Grab yourself a $200 diode laser to cut out your cardboard from autocad. Just another thing to make it easier on the long run
Better get those bypasses bled again after the hose install haha
thank you Very much to everyone that supported the Dove cause 🙏♥️
Hey guys got an ocean question when you got the front tires off the world's largest record you gotta sit down those jackstands which aren't rated for what that vehicle currently weighs I waze and you're not using the lyft to keep it up what's keeping Tom Tom from becoming a pancake . Just worried about my favorite youtubers
'There are days without accident' is how I felt for +/- 20 yrs wrenching. Real life often involves some pain and blood. Cheers,ed
You need a couple of hydraulic spud legs at the back end to anchor the wrecker when pulling hard.
Wait!  You have a $100,000 Wrecker and a broken plastic dust pan!! What's up with that?    🤣  PS - The tool box needs a shelf in it, otherwise it is just a big hole.
Should have just blocked the axles up and threw it in gear- hit those rotors with an angle grinder 🤣👍
Can't you guys just turn your shocks a 180ﾟ so the fittings are towards the frame
You should put them all on one big board so it’s easier to move about if you have to just a thought
What happened to Trevor, I must of missed a video?
Putting those gloves in the washing machine softens them up as a rule. For the first time tig welding aluminum Lizzy you did great.
No ..not on the wall... Lizzy's first work belongs on the fridge.!!!
Matt, get yourself a transmission jack adapter for your floor jack. It will be a game changer for when you have to take the pinion guards off for servicing.
Can’t you encase the shock tower?
Great work y’all 🛻! Good luck at the OLYMPICS 😅!
I really appreciate the community leadership you demonstrate. I think Matt and the crew demonstrate all the aspects of recovery, both vehicle and life. Thank you for your tremendous contributions to help people in need.
Hang it on the wall!!
Dude that grinder is super dangerous please wear some safety goggles!!
The saying goes, "We do it nice, because we do it twice" that's how we say it up here in Minnesota anyways
Hey Matt, Excellent series, and y’all are educating a flat-lander to the crawling world. Thanks. A question, and I’m NOT looking to start a discussion. Will the overall width and weight of the Wrecker exceed trail clearance, thus limiting some usefulness in recovery’s? Thanks, keep on driving.
Love the Red Green reference Tom
When you gonna finish the ak-50?
Am I a snob I I wouldnt wanna hang my stuff on screws?
The lic plate with the small D on the blue background are lic plates from Germany.
Philippians 2:3-4 ESV / 341 helpful votes Helpful Not Helpful  Do nothing from selfish ambition or conceit, but in humility count others more significant than yourselves. Let each of you look not only to his own interests, but also to the interests of others.  👍
I always say you haven't done a good job til you drew your own blood in the process.
Hey Matt after The Wrecker is all done u guys should start building Lizzy Suzuki
There's a difference of a mechanic a parts changer if you're a mechanic or similar to mechanic your put your tools to a grinder or modified with a welder your tools to make them work you always have a junk tool laying around wrench whatever you grab it and you use it
LETS START A BRING BACK TREVOR Campaign.!!
Doesn't matter how many computers you have, it still takes cardboard and pencil , lol
This wrecker better be like truckasaurus when it's done.
I can not wait until the world’s largest off road- shop built -Lizzy welded-tow truck is completed
Nice work on the financial support.
D is german car plate :)
Shoutout to TomTom for the Red Green reference 😂
Lizzy is either really tired or upset. She has the same look Trevor did in his last video. Kinda the same actually as he barely talked and wasn’t his normal smiling happy self and Lizzy was the same throughout the video. Hope she won’t be leaving the morr team.
Are you going to film the wrecker Olympics? When is it?
License plate is from Germany, AKA Duetchland (D).
Just like the first dollar you earned, frame it and hang it. Lizzy, you did great!
Awesome that you chose to support the Dove Centre and acknowledge their work on the channel. One to add to the long list of great work you guys are doing.
6:18 Those are German license plates.
This could have been a 10 minute video
Hey Matt shock oil capicity is soposed to be measured, ask Paul's cousin about the added capicity of those remote kits cause your gonna hurt your shock if it's not at proper capicity, I hear so much air getting threw your bypasses, bro you need oils man, again hello from Alaska
Umm, is that a bottle of lotion next to the computer?! LMAO
Awesome work for the Dove Center. I enjoy watching your show and seeing the work your team does, but I’m super impressed on your commitment to helping others and giving back to your community. Great job everyone at MORR.🎉
Congratulations to the dove center and great job with your wrecker and God bless from GA and stay safe 🙏
Hang it for all the world to see
God Bless your Team
Looking good but I really hope both you and Tom remember to tighten the hydraulic fitting on the fluid reservoir.
I'll definitely bid on that one of a kind Lizzy piece!!!!
FYI The saying goes "We do it nice because we do it twice"
Where has Trevor gone?
D = Deutschland = Germany
awesome group. keep up the donations and support for your community! love watching this channel grow.
I don't understand one thing- why can't you get the wrecker done already? ;)  PS.: hang Lizzy's weld plack 100%
The plates with the "D" in the lower left corner are nominally German. They are missing the state sticker, and usually the first letter or two (maybe even 3 now?) reference the city the vehicle is registered in. Of course, novelty plates like this are not formatted to the standard.
Lizzy should sign the tig welding and then auction it off
Thats an German licence Plate the D ist for Deutschland
Up on the wall; always save the fist
You have at least one milling machine setting right next to that Heavy Wrecker. Get a rotary table for it and cut down your rotors right there in no time. Once set up it will turn down just as quickly as a lathe. Plus you can use it for making all kinds of circular adapters like wheels and pulleys which is what I mostly use it for.
Tucker?
The blue field with stars on those plates stands for the European Union. The D under the stars stands for Deutschland.  You English call it Germany.  ;-)
Did u guys ever finish the special needs park for that special little kid
Tom working on a 13" screen laptop with a 24" monitor in the back is gold
I may be wrong but if I had to guess I'd say that all that armor will be nothing more than a problem. With tires that size you'd have to be completely incompetent to need all that armor. Your gonna need a weekend just to change ujoints and God help you if you need to trail fix that wrecker. Sometimes less is more. I'd do it just like the banana go until something becomes a problem then address the problem. You'll come to see that those pinion guards will probably never even get close to rocks and as beefy as those axles are  it probably wouldn't hurt them to drag on the rocks a little if needed.
Hang those welding gloves up pointing at the caution sign !
I hope you did a little geometry or pulled the springs and cycled the suspension to be sure the pinion guards won't contact the driveshafts.  I'd hate to discover that they aren't compatible with your suspension travel the hard way.
Why did you make a spanner when you had an adjustable spanner allready ?  Question From the UK
Hang it up
I don’t really know what I’m talking about and i can’t see well enough from here. You might be able to take your wheel hubs apart and flip them around. You will need to knock the lug nuts out and put them in backwards. Sometimes on different axles this will change how far out the wheel sits. This might give you the inch of clearance you need. Or it may not but it won’t hurt to look at it. Not so sure what I’m saying is clear or correct.
Then you get a decent piece of art art and hours of harassment material before she gets it done
The D on the Euro license plates indicate Deutschland which is the actual name of Germany. So, there you go.
Matt, your heart is bigger than the WLORW!!!!
Frame it put it on the wall and tell Lizzie that if she wants to replace it she's gotta do an artistic drawing in welding Like a Bunny or a tree or a mountain
Yes definitely put Lizzie’s work up.  I noticed no gear oil came of if the diff when you pulled the studs. Make sure to check and fill it. I’d hate to see you take it out on the first test drive. Boom diff seizes up.
CAUTION !!!  One piece of metal fragment in your eye and you could go blind. Have a good day
Why use a floor jack when you have a Tom Tom?
Why not a Morr Ladies swimsuit  calendar
Red Green quote was awesome
Yes, put Lizzy's plate on the wall 🙂 .. the pinyon shield washers bother me in that it's not flush up against the differential, any  loads are relying more  on the bolts strength  ... but you guys all rock with your hands on approach to everything, and your fans with their support ❤
👍👍👍👍👍😄
How many of you caught Tom's "Red Green" quote?
You guys need some good ratchet wrenches.
Looking at all the welding on the frame. It's incredible how good Lizzy has gotten..Matt you picked the best person for your fancy welding..The wrecker is progressing nicely..hey Ed keep the boys in check.
That’s a big bottle of lotion Tom Tom 🤨
Can I still get one of those cars?
That’s quite a large bottle of lotion next to Tom toms laptop lol
6:10 I'm pretty sure they're German, I believe D is for Deutschland They definitely say spanner in England, I know for sure I've heard it from James May numerous times and he's the most British man to exist 😂😂
I miss Trevor and Skeeter.  Lizzy is not on much lately either.   When she is she dosnt seem happy.
Hang Lizzys practice tig weld sheet right above the welding helmets and jackets,, and I've always been surprised that rather than using a drift to line up holes that you just hammer bolts in,, a method that for me anyways always messes up the threads
Lizzie’s artwork should go on the fridge😂😂
Tom Tom, nice Red Green reference.
I liked it when Tom Tom quoted Red Green and Matt didn’t get it.
Didn’t know TomTom was a member of Possum Lodge!!!
Hang Lizzy's art. God bless
gotta love tom toms red green reference
Hang it lizzy
What will do you about rust in this car
MORRning ya'll
O-limp-ics...Harbinger of what's to come?
You definitely need to put lizzy first welding up! My first was not that good and I've worked will guys that has been welding for Years
The yellow electronic box for the welder, that is mounted where it can get wet, will that cause problems with it?  Maybe it should go inside the tool box?
AutoCad is versatile tool ,, however i think SolidWorks is a wonderful software for manufacturing and fabrication.  One of the best features is the assembly of parts especially if you’re making things with small items with specific tolerances.
If a fellow installed studs in the axle housing and put nuts on the inside the guard it would probably go on much quicker
Stick Lizzy's first welding things on the fridge, I say.
Put on the wall
Matt, do you have any drawings of the bench mount for the angle grinder? 21:56
DOVE CENTER              👍🏻
Yes hang it up
So Shibby good people
Matt you talk about caution I just watched you grind on the driveline covers WITHOUT ANY EYE PROTECTION.
GOD BLESS everyone,
thank you for helping groups like dove... what a blessing..
You guys kill me. Put up a Caution sign, but still no eye protection in sight. 🤣
I'm forty, I can weld, but Lizzy's probably better even her first time🤣 she'll always be able to see how far she's come as she gets better. It's inspiration seeing it. Hope she gets it, maybe it's a guy thing but let it be a reminder as it hangs that's all I'm saying
Love me some Red Green quote:  "If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy".
No good work goes unnoticed, this will come back to you one day when you least expect it, God never sleeps
I like longer shots. Thanks. :)
D in the Blue are on the Morvair  License plate  stands for Deutcheland (Germany)
OlYmpics...
Have you noticed that as a kid, we were the gophers, then we become mechanics,then as we grow wiser we (notice I didn't say older) and we become the gophers again. Just as Matt did for Tom. Ahhhh the circle of life
6:05 - its a EU-Plate - left side, the D stands for Deutschland / Germany - the Stars represent all Nations in the European Union. The 2. One "MA OR 455" = Matt Offroad Recovery ... idk what 455 is ..
The Morr- vair plate has  blue on the left with the letter D Deutschland Das größte Land.
When’s final frame paint?
"I thought this was going to be easy" Matt.. 🤣🤣
Love the Red Green reference at 12:15
No safety glasses or shield while using a tiger paw? Are you guys going to show the video when someone loses an eye?
No golden flakes on shower walls??
This was a good video to illustrate exactly why it takes so long to get it finished. You have other things happening like calls to tow. And taking things apart and putting them together also takes time, not always as fast as you think it should. Almost never as fast as you think it should. Lol.  Also a good illustration of why we don’t always see the same people in all the videos.
Matt have her sign it if she can date the days that she did those passes that would be even better I think that would look good on wall you're getting better just keep doing what doing the more you practice to better you going to get this is Kim. In groveland Florida
NO lizzy need to hang that on the wall its here first tigveld on alu so she need to be prowd of that. so thats a memorie that she gets bether every day
Hang it on the wall.
What happened to the Amazon wrecker kit. Was it missing pieces. Lol God bless
Where did you get the angle grinder bench mount?
I  love watching the show,you guys make a great team.
The amount of money the channel and fans raised and donated was great
It is good Tom is working with Matt.
It would be interesting if you mentioned the day of the week.
Nissan Patrol has soil wheels round pinion make easy on rocks
You guys are amazing, The help you have given to your community through the youtube community is commendable. The tow truck is looking sweet! However I do miss Trevor, maybe you could get him to do a cameo once in awhile. Great video guys.
the licence plates are from Germany also know in Europe as Deutschland !
Fascinating build.  I can't wait to see it in action.  I can't help but wonder, when are you planning on painting the frame and structure?
Ratcheting wrenches would have saved you guys
You need to put Lizzies test sheet on the refrigerator
You should put the thermometer at chest level to get the temp at the level you are standing instead of above your head temp where it is mounted now.
What CAD software do you guys use?
its german plates
Def hang Lizzy's work on the wall!
How many gallons per mile you guys reckon this thing is gonna get??
Ah the joys of owning ratchet wrenches when you have to do work like that.
somebody send Matt and TomTom some good ratcheting wrenches…..
Auction off Lizzies welding someone will buy it  .
Hang it. And make a new one later to show experience
Hey, where has Trevor been haven’t seen you in awhile
LIzzy's work should go on the fridge.
At some point is everything going to come back apart for paint and powdercoat?
'Olympics' 👀
do it please ty
D stands for germany  F is france
Both license plates are from Germany, the second one ( MA-OR-455 ) is mentally from the city Mannheim.
Hang the welding sheet.
I like the bench model  hand grinder  !          🤪            👍🏻
i got the reference Tom Tom at12:10.... The Red Green Show.
👍👍💯
Lizzy is always so positive 😊
love you matt and the rest of the crew, keep up the good work and being wonderful humans <3
I'm so glad I found this channel.  Matt and crew are an inspiration and a breath of fresh air. Thank you for all that you do, and I can't wait to see more.
Make a frame with a plexi cover for Lizzy artwork. Then action it off and contribute the income to your charity work
LOL  @ "Hang on, I got red loctite dripping out of my fingers!"
D for Deutschland.
Wow 60 grand good going. Get that big off road truck ah hummin and ah buzzin we need more videos
its german
TomTom is quoting Red Green .. how Canadian is he? Shocks: I've never worked with Bilstein, but in my experience, the reservoirs don't work unless their inlet is at the bottom ... the way you have them mounted, the shock will suck air(nitrogen) from the reservoir. Thanks for sharing 🇨🇦
I love how nothing is painted (frame, etc.) and it doesn't seem to be rusting.  Around here steel will start rusting in an hour if not painted 😂
D is for Germany
Trying to puzzle out the MA OR 455 plate. If you combine Maor, Google tells me it means illumination or light in Hebrew.  455 isn't hard, being the tail end of something in geekspeak
You all put a caution sign up but not once put on safety glasses when you're using the grinders.
That would go quick with a ratchet box wrench 🤣🤣
red green show rocks
Nice amount of money raised, well done
The licence plate with the D is from Germany. (Deutschland)
Why is there a big bottle of lotion next to the computer :)   hmmmm
Helping the DOVE center is EPIC!   Thanks for letting your viewers get involved...
Grinding, no safety glasses.  I second all the other commenters on the topic.  In addition to protecting yourself and your employees, as a Youtuber with a large following you do have a responsibility to set a good example.
Red Green 😂
The Christmas party video was fun to watch. MORR is so generous to its employees. Cool to see Lizzy there with her husband. Didn't know she got hitched.
You need to hang it on the refrigerator... Bahaha.
I get stuff in my eyes all the time from grinding and cutting and welding etc. and that's WITH eye protection. You guys should consider better eye protection; it's worth the bother.
The fuel consumption on that thing is going to be astronomical
Curious why didn't you use your lift to put that axle cover on ? Shout out from ivy wood ward what's up Tom !
Yes Lizzie is a big part of the show so put er up there, Great you supporting the Dove centre, great cause.!! thanks for the video, Love from UK. x x
Does the Dove Center help abused men?
It’s unfortunate that a place like Dove center has to exist and it’s fortunate that it does.  Your support is incredible Matt and I’m glad through us the viewers that you’re able to support worthwhile causes like the Dove Center.
CAUTION !   Grinding with no eyes protection :o(
The license plate Morr Vair with the blue D is from Deutschland  / Germany ;..the circle  of stars represents the European Union..!
In an upcoming episode can you please address what I'm sure a lot of viewers are wondering and/or concerned about with the current configuration of the Boom setup on the Heavy Wrecker: How is the pulley up high behind the cab able to handle the intense loads you will be asking of it? What is the calculation you used to determine that this will work?
The L/R channels are off by a tiny bit. You notice it with headphones when you come back from breaks.
Man I have ants in my pants can't wait for this record to be done
Yes put on the wall lizzy
14 minute Annoying music
So nice of MORR to do what they do for the Dove Center. That is a great organization.
Im commenting to get rid of that number
Tom's presence is a good addition!!
Put the Tig weld over Lizzy's helmet
yes hang lizzy"S weld to show her getting better everyday  fantastic welder,
Men where's your safety glasses, you don't want some organization to see you guys don't have your safety gogles on, just a concerned grampa, love your show
Matt, those are German license plates you have.  D for Deutschland.  🇩🇪
Competition with tesla for pricey custom vehicle build
Definitely put the welding up on the wall
I've been concerned ever since the welding company guy came buy and gave them advice for better and more penetrating welding...mostly based on Matt's comments/concerns. Will the welds hold when it's finally in service pulling huge vehicles through the rocks, hills and dunes? Can't wait to find out.
Any ideas about the 455 on the german licence plate?
Aren't those shocks intended for trophy trucks running at 100 MPH across deserts? Bit of an overkill for a tow truck.
I would have thought you would have put the caution sign right above the welding helmets. Dang.
Lizzie should weld her name on a metal plate 🍽 and hang it on the wall
I love seeing cad (cardboard aided design) in progress 😊
That wrecker is a ton of work, and a BEAST!
Good progress on the wrecker   Idea you know they make studs in different lengths  And if you even just use 2 new longer studs that they would hold your guard  in place making it easier   To install
Can u turn shock around so hose is in the shock tower
The MORRVAIR plates are from Deutschland (Germany).
The front shocks turn hydraulic connections On the inside, it will be better.
Great job on the heavy wrecker, Lizzie great job on organizing everything, TomTom no more red loctite on your fingers 🤌 lol. And great job on raising money for a good cause..
Glad to see such progress on the World's Largest Wrecker.  Going to be awesome to see it in operation at King of the Hammers.  Meanwhile, Matt, what a great asset you are to your community.  Your generosity knows no bounds.  So refreshing to see.  May God continue to bless you and ;your entire team.
Love seeing Lizzy !  We're missing Trevor and Skeeter! Hey Ed!
Olimpics? ...spelling must not be their strong suit.
Spelling to fast put it on the wall
I'm assuming you guys were joking when you said someone could take those CAD files And build their own version of your wrecker I actually think that would be pretty cool
The bottom mounts for those front shocks are gonna be an issue.
You boys need some ratchet wrenches!
Also boys....smarter not harder.....why not use a ratcheting box end wrench....for the pinion guards! Jesus christ man you turned a 15 min job into a day! Wtf
Putting the thermometer that high on the wall will will give you a higher indication then where you’re working.
Hang Litzy’s tig art up over her welding hood and jacket!!
Hang up lizzys first welds …. I know those jack stands are strong & solid . But I wood put another support for back up while under there . ( I had a friend die in auto shop when the jack stand gave way & his truck landed on his head , he’s dead now ! Just a thought guys . Not picking you guys apart . It’ just makes sense.
I Feel like this has become the Matt and Tom Tom show. Where'd everybody go?
Hey, fix that spelling mistake in the title 😬😀😉 And you need some ratchet spanners 👍
If the plates where French, they would have a little F there where the little D sit's, so they are from Germany,..... D for Deutschland.
Are all the wreckers going to limp into the Olympics?!! ⛷️⛷️🏋️‍♀️🏋️‍♀️😂
Put it o  the wall
Number plates D    German    and one MA is from Mannheim  used to work there at US Army Coleman Barracks
Always love watching you all, it's like going home kind of.
Yeah put it up on the wall!
Lizzy's FIRST welds are better than my LAST welds 😅 Definitely hang that ish.
On the front shocks you could put it back together the way it came and rotate it 90 degrees. Make a pocket for the top mount so you can put the bolt in from the side to side not front to rear.
the mic fart at 24:47 🤣🤣
Both License Plates are from Germany (the Little D stands for Deutschland, French has an F, Spain an E and so on ). The MA OR 455 could be a real one (First Letters are for a City, like Mannheim, then 1 or two Random Letters and then up to 4 Digits. The other one is not al real one, just Letters stamped on a real plate.
Wonderful video ! Thanks for sharing .
I like it. The label on the video states that working on the wrecker won't wait and then you don't work on the wrecker instead you decorate the shop for most of the first day LOL. But you did get some work on the wrecker done.
The plates are German. The "D" is for Deutschland.
Well done team MORR - supporting the community and making interesting to watch videos = brilliant ❤
olympics
IMO mount Lizzy's first tig plate behind her helmet, so she see's it everytime she welds
🤣 quoting Red Green
Bonus points for the Red Green quote!!😂
Maybe the shocks are able to get build in upside down, could give you a bit extra space. Problem would be the hose from the reservoir, that goes from being near static to massive movement
Does the air in the hose change the amount of oil you need in the shocks?
You should auction off Lizzy’s tig welds for the charity of your choice!
Put a date on Lizzys welding plate!!
Have Lizzy sign the first practice piece and auction it off.
🦅🇺🇸🏁😎
Safety goggles when grinding?
Yea hang up Izzys tig welding on the wall👍
They need to have two teams team that does the recoveries in a team that does the wrecker for the most part the show seems to be leading towards the Matt and Tom show. Unfortunately that’s not what it was originally although I guess you could go back to the very beginning when it was the Matt and Ed show. I watched it from the beginning definitely has changed quite a bit basically just turned into a TV show with all the workers they have now so they can pump out videos even if they’re just 5,6,,8 long. I think it’s taken away just a little bit still a great show, but there’s definitely some difference. Definitely don’t see Lizzy as much almost like they have her popping in enough just to keep the people that say they’re going to leave when she leaves still bummed that they got rid of Trevor Skeeter I think that they brought some humor to the show I know their safety that has to be involved in everything.   But it’s definitely not the same would like to see the record finished and then determined from there or are whether it’s time to move on I’m not that it matters.
Its interesting how he uses down time of himself and the crew to do the work over a long period of time. Matt must be convinced this is more economical than getting a shop to do it and getting the wrecker into production quicker.  Im also curious who will operate all three units. Seems like the banana and morrvair are going full time allready. The wrecker must do quite alot of work to pay for itself.
Just a question. Could you just turn the shock 180 degrees and not use the hose? I have never ran that style of shock and was just wondering.
Title fix: Olympics*
So did Trevor go another way?  Haven't seen him in a few.
To install the pinion guard I would recommend to drill 2 holes under the guard, thread them, make a plate to temporarily bolts to the guard and weld some kind of a flex joint  (2 bolt version or a gimball) and attach it to a floor jack as you would the jack pad, this tool is like you would a tranny jack and lift it into place. You will eventually have to replace U joints or shafts and that’s when you’ll appreciate this simple adapter. The difference between this idea and a tranny jack is less bulk on the tool which gives you more room to work.
Hang it on the wall 👍🏻
How long will Tom Tom last before he vanishes?
Matt -  get some wratcheting closed end wrenches. I use them at work and they save a ton of time and make removals or installs much easier.
Frame Lizzy’s TIG welding and hang it on the wall.
I love the red green reference
You can't see the temperature way up there .
Anyone know “the red green show”??? If the women don’t find ya handsome, at least they should at least find you handy!!
UK says spanner, or wrench but not spanner wrench. UK wrench is more like an adjustable pipe wrench type tool than open end and ring spanners. But we know what is meant.
Matt has had a fun time making and fabricating all the parts for this biggest wrecker. Challenging and frustrating at times. Need to get the rotors over to Paul at Fab rats and get them turned down to your specs. What a team!
Where’s Trevor 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️
a Y comes after the L in Olympics not a I 🤣  love you guys can't wait for the ol"i"mpics
Is it just me or is the back ground music when Tom Tom is taking the shock out the same loading music from Snowrunner?
You guys were killing me watching you try and tighten the pinion guard without a ratcheting wrench. The wrecker is coming along and it won't be long before it is out doing recoveries.
🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙
What software is TomTom using?
I think you should stop decorating and finish the project. It's been long enough.
wait was that a death wheel holder lol
Yes...hang up Lizzy's 'artwork' up! Awesome idea!!  Congrats on the Dove Center $60k! Wow! That's great, Matt and team!   Gawd, the wrecker is looking like a force to be reckoned with! 👍🏻👍🏻😎
Why not cut that protector open to install and weld it shut after it’s on there?
Waking up to a 33 minute MORR video is a treat for sure. Hot chocolate ready to go folks, lets build a heavy wrecker!
Paul, VGG, and Rudy* have a CAD plasma cutter...I think it is time for you to add one to your tool collection. *Rudy's belongs to his employer, I think...but he gets to use it.
"I have red loctite dripping out of my fingers.". 🤣🤣🤣🤣. I'm laughing at the comment, not the injury.  I am going to steal that sometime, hopefully later rather than sooner but I don't have a caution sign to remind me so it will probably be sooner.
@12:11 did he just quote The Red Green show?!?!
Where's Lizzy's green welding helmet?
Hang it up.  She's earned it over and over.
Maybe subscribers could send you Morrvair number plates from all around the world?
'D' Germany
Just curious about shock placement, instead of adding the extra piping to move the hose out of the way, can you rotate the shock 180 degrees so the hoses are on the inside away from the tire?
Yes it's her first
The pinion guards are awesome.  That being said, a trail side u joint repair is out of the question.  Probably won't be an issue though
Tom is a good explainer. I enjoy when he translates for Matt.
clean that thermometer you put on the wall matt its dirty lol
Just a bunch of good people
You put up Ed's first door for the Golden nugget now you need to put up Lizzy's first welds it's a child's hand mold you'll never be that young again
Hang the first Masterpiece
I remember Randall from FabRats saying "We do it right because we do it twice"  often. lol
Absolutely awesome support of charity. And enjoy watching your builds
Who can't spell Olympics?
😎🇺🇸👍🇺🇸😎
Awesome donation. , thx for the video . - Ken
Love some Red Green show, great quote Tom Tom.
I'm a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess... for Tom
So sorry to pop yalls shock bubble.....but you should've definitely put some sort of thread sealant on those remote hoses both into the resi and the body.....neither of those fittings were o.r.b.
Those steel guards will acumulate mud and water. You can do small holes so it be easier to clean. But good job.
Lizzys practice sheet.   Hang it on the wrecker. Ahem, underneath somewhere 🤣😄
FYI  inside temp thermometers are to be hung at eye level to be accruate... Heat rises ..
Plus one for Lizzies work.
Hang it matt
Hang it...!
Hang Lizzy plate
Dude you guys just rock, amazing people , hard work , many blessings man keep up the awesome work.
That guitar music around 13:00 is monotonous as heck! A set of ratcheting dog bones would have worked really well for that pinion guard. It seems Matt needs to watch Casey's video where he has to get a piece of metal removed from his eye. It's not pleasant to watch.
Lizzie: the weld test plate looks like a beautiful piece of modern art... Matt, caution means using protective gear at all times, you don't plan to have things in your eyes or burn your flesh... Nice to see Lizzie's nice new personalized welding helmet, instead of the blah old green one... love the Red-Green quote Tom Tom.... Congratulations on GRREAT Community Service
What type tire/air gauge was Lizzie using on the Morrvair?
Olympics maybe ?
60K for The Dove Center! Well done MORR!!!
You are going to need to bleed all the air out of the shock oil, when you pulled down on the shock shaft, that slip feeling was air in the oil.
Lizzies welding should be displayed as an "Apprentice piece", as said previously a testimony of her progress and because she is so incredibly nice. Also it actually looks like a minimalist art piece depicting Knight in armour head piece with visor. We in the U.K call a spanner a spanner we rarely use the word wrench unless it's for  dedicated  use, a sort of one off use. That said the more multi racial we get the more the English language is changing. The number plate is indeed German  D for Deutschland.
Blow that thing apart once more and power coat the frame
Grinding with no eye protection,  really?
auction that thing of Lizzy's off and see how much money it will rise.
Matt you and your team are amazing group of people.
the D prefix on that MORR VAIR plate means it is German D stands foe Deutchland
I wonder what the weight difference would be from where they started to where they are now? I think a great giveaway contest would be to guess the finished weight of the WLORW.
Lizzy's welding art work should go on ebay for the next charity.
Where is Trevor?
Lizzy's welding practice should hang up and when she's proud of her skill she can make TIG art and put it next to the first.
The plate is German. D = Deutschland
Hang it Lizzy
The MORR-VAIR and MA OR 455 Plates are Germany (D for Deutschland). The 1st one is just a custom printed plate, the 2nd one is from Mannheim (MA) and could be found on a german registered car.
You mounted the reservoirs upside down. If the oil gets through the hose into the reservoirs it will never go back! I think that doesn't work.
Hang it dang it.
08:40 Matt's math. 1+2 = fish
"Duct tape! It's the handymans secret weapon. If she doesn't find ya handsome at least she'll find ya handy". Red Green show what a classic 👌 👏
Number Plates are German, D = Deutschland
Would Allen headed bolts work on the pinion guard?
TomTom with the red locktite dripping out of my fingers is the best
I recommend you just buy a roll of cardboard floor protection to do your cutout "cad".  The drawback is the curl, the bonus is the sizes you can do and it doubles as floor protection for setting drippy parts on until you can deal with them.  I say all of this for parts you will transfer into actual CAD  drawings.  👽
Love your videos, music is usually great, but that repetitious guitar in this one is horrid.
6:14 About the Licence Plate. (If somone is Intrested in it) The Blue with the Star Circle to the Left tells you its an EU State in Europe. And The letter D is the actual Country. But Its Spellt in the Country Native language. This is Important to know Becasue D Stays for Deutschland what actually is Germany for you. For France it Would be an F and for Finnland its FIN becasue F iks already taken. For Italia its IT and so on.
The European licenceplat is from Germany (Deutschland) in the blue spot on the leftside you see a D. France = F Spain =E(spagne) and the Netherlands = NL.  Thats where I live. (It is all european) Like your vlogs! (Lizzy has my special respect!)
D on plates stands for Germany
Where’s Trevor
The European license plate "D" stands for Germany - "Deutschland".
Lizzy’s first welding should obviously go on the front of the refrigerator.  That’s where we always put our artwork 🖼️
6:07 Blue D is for Deutschland! That is Germany.
I love the red green quote! I'm always surprised when people don't know that show
Why is Olympics spelled wrong?
Is the premier power welder waterproof?
*olympics
Pretty good looking welds for a first. Be proud and hang em on the wall. Good job
Olimpics? Its Olympics you idiots
Lizzy his daughter?
A Red Green Show reference, nice! @12:15
There should be one day a week that nobody wears a hat.  Haha!
Should I use a 12 point head bolts?
Nice show today glad lizzy is still there 😉
Need ratchet wrench to make it easier. it works for me at my job.
OL-Y-MPICS…. Not ol-i-mpics
I think it's time MORR and Fab Rats put a date on these Olympics, make things a little more serious. Also, how many cases of Mountain Dew are on the line here or is it just bragging rights?
Still can’t get over how casual you are with your sight🤦‍♂️
Put the practice welding plate in a frame.
The licence plates you got are from Germany   D stands for Deutschland.
💤
You’re a good man, Matt ❤️
the first one is personal history, it's gotta go up, lizzy's weld!  :)
Dove center ♥️♥️♥️
Are you guys going to paint all that bare metal?
D stands for Deutschland! Those are german license plates!
Those number plates are from Germany, let me explain you the blue part is for the European Union the letter inside of it is the country, so" D " for Deutschland (Germany)." I" FOR ITALY "F" For France and so on. The other number plate would be from Germany as well and then the 2 first letters would be the city MA for Mannheim the next 2 letters are giving by the state so are the next numbers. Or if you are fansy to pay some money you can choose the middle letters (let's say the initials from your first and last name) which is very comun and the number's (you're bithday for example). There is an exception from letters :you are not allowed to choose for example the letters SS because they are realated to the second world war. Hope to have helped you out with this wishing you all the best in this 2023 keep up with your videos I'm enjoying them since Ed helped out holding the cámara for you 🤣👍
The big D on the licence plate is a give away Matt. Deutschland, Germany not France 🤷🏼‍♂️
Hi! The "MORR - VAIR" Sign is a "License Plate" from Germany...
The plates with D on the blue section are from Germany/Deutschland. What has happened to the big Welsh flag you had on the wall?
Matt, you need to invest in some ratchet wrenches🤓Good Times
Hang Lindsey practice weld above he helmet and Jacket
I  am glad to see Lizzy back I always enjoy seeing her in videos she is an important part of the team. I think you should hang up her first welding and then have her do a new one so she can show the amazing progress she has made. Matt one of the main reasons why I love being part of this YouTube community family is how you guys give back to the community.
Lisenceplate D is Deutschland.
Matt's Off-road Gym!
Hang it Lizzy!! You're awesome woman!!
👍👍👍
way to go tom tom, using proper PPE while welding in a confined space!
Awesome video 👍awesome job everyone 👍Aloha from Hawaii 🤙🏽😎🌴
Turn the shock arround so the hose is towards the frame, not the tire. Then it becomes a non-issue.
The Reyes magos! the three king day very good y’all super happy!!!
Are the bolts your using grade 8 ? Some looked like grade 5.
My goodness Tom Tom needs a Proper Workstation, Quad Monitors Setup, maybe a nice 96core Threadripper, Nvidia A6000, 512gb Ram. 😎🤓
Hang it on the wall
Love the red Red green comment I say it all the time no one knows it lol. “Woman can’t find ya handsome they can find ya handy lol “
You should hang Lizzy's art work on the refrigerator!
Channels gone downhill since you've got boring lanky tom working with you!! No wonder Trevor left tom bores me to tears 😢
On the wall!
You know, IH is traditionally red. I wouldn’t repaint the entire wrecker red but that flare up front with the IH logo would look awesome painted IH red.
This channel lost soooooooo much personality with the loss of Trevor.
The D on the morrvair plate is for Deutschland (Germany)
When will she be done I wanna see a test drive
Nice and generous... 🙂
We're running out of time... lets redecorate the shop
Olimpics?
The D on the Euro plates is Deutchland, so Germany
Nobody's touched these in over 6 months... These were my favorite. Smh I wish I didn't feel that one so much.
The license plate are from Germany! The D stands for Deutschland! I'm from Germany and love to watch the channel! Like the 2 license plate are the real ones looking in Germany
Wow, it already sounds like Matt's getting tired of having Tom Tom around wanting to have tools and equipment that actually work properly and not half-assing everything in the name of "just good enough" and instead going for "good"  And I grew up in a farming town of less than 2000 people in Maine, so believe me, I understand where the line between "good enough" and "good" goes.  Hope you get to stick around longer than everyone else who's rotated out of there Tom!
Wondering how many people get the Red-Green reference.
German joke well played :D no worries, we don't get your us license plates neither...
Hang it on the wall just the way it is...!!!!
HOW LONG BEFORE TOM TOM QUITS
Great video guys....well dun !!
D = Deutschland, so It is a german license plate, not a french 😂
26:52 definitely drill a hole in those cups because they will accumulate water and sand.
ask Tom if he knows what CATIA is and an Udder board? used to design parts on that system
What happened/ where's Trevor? Is he gone?
Frame Lizzy's first practice piece with a 1/2" x 1 1/2" mitered aluminum frame (that she fab's herself) with a little plaque riveted to the bottom with her name/date. If she does another, place it beside the original with the appropriate later info.
Matt you and your MORR family have the biggest kindest hearts, your amazing
Great apartment!  Please consider a bench in the shower and some extra hand holds.
Hang it up that's pretty good looking welds
Thank y'all for donating to the Dove center! I went through domestic abuse myself and I'm a Guy! My x was mentally abusive!! But I got out and now I'm on my 26th year of marriage to a wonderful woman! Thank y'all!
I think you already know that each wrecker will have its advantages and disadvantages. I am looking forward to seeing them put to the test and entertaining the masses.
Hang Lizzie's work on the wall
two thumbs up!!!!!!!!!!!!
First time TIGing aluminum. Lizzy is turning into quite the welder ♥ Tom seems to have brought a lot of skills with him. "I thought this was gonna be easy. But it's not." Darn sure been there!
Hang Lizzy's practice welds :)
Wrecker is to complicated, remember K.I.S.S philosophy?
You should tell Tom-Tom to put his cocoa butter under his desk!😃😆😉
6:14 a quick Google search said that is a German plate.   The "D" on the blue part designates the country. In this case it's Germany
Worried the off-road wrecker might be to heavy.
That Wrecker is going to get about 3 miles to the gallon.
In England we would call it scrap
I'd love to be a guest welder! Trouble is I'm in the UK, no passport and I've never been on a plane before. I think my first trip out to go welding in Utah might be a bit odd to some people! 😂 Keep up the great work 👍
luv ur vids, I think you should hang lizzy's tig welding thing
French number plates, think you've offended the country with that bit. You will notice a D that for Deautchland (the people's land) I'm from the UK and its not compulsory to have these on the registration plates but you can have the option, I'm from Cornwall UK so ours is a black and white flag with the word Kernow (Cornwall) unlike you guys where you own your number plates here the plate goes with the vehicle when sold unless you buy a personalised numberplate the 1st plate is a decorative and the 2nd is a genuine registration plate
haha French number plate. Its a German plate. The D on the plate is for Deutschland.
Damn Tom Tom needs to hit the gym.
Hey Matt, so far I'm 15 minutes 30 seconds into the video. This might be a dumb question but wouldn't the problem with the steering rubbing up on things be solved by installing 6 in spacers or so on the hubs? Or maybe even Three Inch spacers on all four wheels so everything is uniform and looks great. Great video ography by the way😉
I’m done with Matt’s channel. Tom Tom is horrible can’t stand cry babies. Lizzie gets pushed to the back burner and Trevor was a GOAT is no longer there. Replaced by Tom Tom wow this channel is going to tank now. So good bye Lizzy and the other OG
6:11. German, not French. The small white D in the blue EU-field stands for "Deutschland". The rest is a mockup. Any German viewers? To my limited Swiss horizon, there is no such plate legally possible.
Someone needs to teach you guys how to put a stud in...... 🤦‍♂️
Nice red green reference Tom Tom lol
Practice TIG weld sheet should be hung up, with the caption "MORR Golf Course, designed by Lizzy".
Man, I am so glad Tom Tom is on the team now, he adds a lil' somethin of his own to the team dynamic and it's perfect lol
What happened to Trevor?
Heavy wrcker - seems like it's 2 steps forward, 1 back.
Hang it
frame and hang it...
Should the swaybar have a decoupler? A super-heavyduty one?
Olympics* lol sorry grammar nazi in the building!!! Lol great video as always MORR!!!
I got the 5100 Bilstein on my tundra. The shocks you have I would love to try out, they look badass.
The 'D' on the European MORRVAIR License Plate stands for 'Deutschland' (Germany). ;-)
Excuse my lack of remembering, what does "WLORW" stand for?🙂
I like the black wall in the office, makes the space look an interesting place to be to do your digital and administration work
PPE MATT!!!
Those are German plates, the D stands for Deutschland.
your license plate has a D in the corner. That D is for Deutschland. they are are German plates. used to live there
New invisible osha approved safety glasses?
How come we never see Ed driving the Golden Nugget after it. was done.
6:11 Those are german license plates the D stands for Deutschland
the licence plates are german D stands for Deutschland
The 'D' on the license plate would be for "Deutschland" (Germany).
Put Liz stuff on the wall
31:44 Translation 'Only women can be victims' And ppl seriously wonder why men are dropping out of the work force/society. Women kill exponentially more children than men, FACT.
Put Lizzy's work on the wall. It looks great
Cant you switch the front shocks from right to left so the reservoir hoses are on the inside of the frame and not exposed to Rubbing on the tires when it articulates?
The devil is in the details !!
Love thy eyes.... 🙂
Don't you have a fridge door to put Lizzy's welding on?
Hang up the tig welding so you can have before and after
The practice tig welding could be made into a 2nd place trophy for Paul in the Wrecker Olympics ;)
Put Lizzy's plate above her welding helmet and jacket.
Hang the weld plate.
Definitely will always love the channel! But.... losing likable staff constantly is somewhat bothersome...whats the issue? Anyway still a fan boy either way!!
You guys are great!!
Hang the sign saying how long since last injury.. paint 1 and leave it .. or hang one and put since Robby and Paul's last visit lol they'll love you
I USED to grind on metal without safety glasses, until I got 9 pieces of steel in my eye and had to take a week off work!
the european plates? they are german. the D on the blue stands for Deutsch which is germany
True Pizza CAD metal design… Frame Lizzie’s first welds.
Hey Matt. Ed's apartment looks great. This may be a good time to also consider apartment modifications as he continues to age. To name some: Grab bars in shower/ shower chair. High rise toilet,  wide enough doors for a wheel chair/ walker, items placed at shoulder/waist level,  color contrast surfaces and elevating chair. He is still youthful now but items in place can help him maintain independence in the future. A home health occupational therapist specializes in this.
why do you keep lotion by ur laptop?
I'm watching in hopes it becomes drivable in this episode when I hear the dreaded let's get the rotors off to bring to Fab Rats next week. NEXT WEEK!? Ahhh, it isn't going anywhere in this episode. It's the Golden Nugget all over again. The difference is, once this one is done it'll be in lots of episodes and that is keeping us going. Good luck with this build, it really does look great. Cheers!
Ahhhhh! Love the Red Green quote!
Please put your safety glasses on when grinding!
Have ever had to go to eye doctor to remove steel from your eye?  Eye protection?
You need a set of ratcheting combo wrenches
where is papa trevor
6:22 the sign is from Germany the D means "Deustchland"
MISS TREVOR
I bet Yinz wished you would've left or used studs and nuts instead of bolts for that pinion guard.
If the women don't find you handsome they should at least find you handy. Gotta love Red green. Thanks Tom Tom
Safety glasses people !
It's gonna be a big day when that rig goes on it's first real job. I hope the Gremlins go easy on you guys, but there will be Gremlins.
When is the toe truck olympics?
Yes put lizzy tig welding practice on the wall
It  made me helping for the Doves Center. Thankyou all. we should do another!!!
Lol, look at the Letter on Euro plates, it will tell you the country
Extra points for the Red Green reference, Tom Tom!
D stands for Deutschland so they are German plates. France would have an F where the D is. I’m excited for the wrecker to be done can’t wait. Looking ace guys.
hang it on the wall
Hang it up
i would have got longer studs for the pinon guard.
would it be better to install studs for front diff skid plate for ease of install and removal?
Way to go!
I'll come on Lizzie let us hang it up.
F N ads are in Spanish! America IS going down the crapper! All u satanists are weak soul sellers. Jesus SAVES. Wake up sheeple!! Thank you Mr. Matt and company. Much love and respect to all the hard working AMERICANS out there!
These are, french? *shows german license plate
What about paint.
You mean Olympics?😂🤣
Nice work Matt on all counts.  God Bless.
Does this mean we could just stop by and do some random welding? Or maybe invitation-only?
most definitely hang up lizzys first weld
Very nice video this week. The tow truck is coming along very well there. Keep up the great craftsmanship and hard work my friends. Fab On. Weld On. Keep recovering. Keep Making. God Bless.
D is german ., D = Deutschland = to us in English = Germany
His motivation was viewers
The MORR VAIR number plate is actually German, D for Deutschland
The two license plates with "D" on the left on a blue background and the circle of stars are German license plates. The circle of stars stands for Europe, D stands for Germany. The license plate beginning with MA is one from Mannheim, a city in Germany. The lettering following it  has no meaning, its just an ident number.
Well done on the wrecker and well done on the donations.  It's always better to give back and help those in need.
@Matt MORR-VAIR is a German license plate the "D" stand for Deutschland. Greetings from "B" on my license plate's. Really enjoy the Wrecker build ;-)
Expert youtube after-the-fact mechanic here!  .....Next time you have something like those heavy guards,  use some long locating bolt/pins  with the heads cut off to screw into the case first . That will keep those arms from turning into jelly, while you can contemplate on how you screwed up and where that tool is you forgot you needed.  It's much more confortable day-dreaming on a creeper when you are not under stress.
Hearing a Red Green reference from Americans sure warms this frostback's cold heart!
omg that whole exchange about the CAUTION sign has me lol'g over here
What ever happened to skeader?
Hang lizzies art on the wall. Then when she is ready she can do another and have them framed side by side (before and after). I wish I would of kept mine.
Nice Red Green reference Tom. Greetings from eastern ontario
❤️👍👍👍👍👍😎
Plates with a blue section at the left are European.  The blue area shows a European flag, and the letter of the country they are from. These show a D which is for Deutschland (Germany).  French plates would have an F there.
Your table grinder is awesome, had to rewind to do a double take lol
To get the cover on you might try ratchet wrenches it might be a bit too thick but it is worth a shot.
Tom Tom has seen the red green show?
Hang it Lizzie
its hard to hear you guys.
@MattsOffRoadRecovery you should be painting bare metal as you go.
I vote hang Lindsey’s first weird.
LOL. put it on the wall
Please put Lizzy's tig wellding up
why is there a bottle of lotion and a tape measure next to toms computer? LMAO
I'm drinking p
It’s Olympics not Olimpics
A wobble head socket extension would have ran those bolts in quick on that pinion guard. Great video !
Hang it Matt
Great job Mat and your Team...
Either hang it on the wall in the shop or frame it and give it to her to hang on the wall in her bedroom
@6:20 German plates (Deutschland)
The D on the number plates means Germany / D for Deutschland ;-)
Are you going to tear it down one more time to paint the chassis? So ready to see this thing get to work. I know you are too.
Nevermind, on second look looks like.
I got that red green show reference Tom Tom 🤣
If women cant find you hansom at least be handy...lmao some old RedGreen references
Let us not forget male Intimate Partner Violence (IPV)  too. 😒
First two white blue license plates are Germany=Deutschland(in German, short "D").
Two fifty second 👊🏻💪🏻
5:50 sign and date it
Is that dejan poo that mustard on Tom's desk
👍👊
Hang it on the wall
Grinding the wrench without eye protection.  BAAAAAD
Frame Lizzy's welding with old barn wood and then hang it up.
Safety first, second and always.  the kind of work you are doing beings with it many hazards.  You should bring in a safety expert to give the crew some training.  They can be very good and entertaining at the same time. Great if somewhat boring video.  Yawn.  LOL
Hang it up!
Where's the green helmet?
Love seeing someone use thare channel  to do some good
Good afternoon from Stuttgart. German License Plate; D on the plate is for Deutschland and   MA - Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg. OR 455 are RANDOM LETTERS & NUMBERS
What editing sodtware do you use?
Love the Red Green Show reference!
European licence plates have a country code in the blue section. 'D' = Deutschland or Germany
The license plate is German (Deutsche) not French, just for your information.
I think it's great that you have TomTom working with you full-time. Matt and TomTom make a great team :^)
NO JOB IS COMPLETED WITHOUT  SPILLING BLOOD  THAT means you're wrecker is going  To be done great
A supercharger on that engine would be cool
YES!!!!! I love the red green reference
The license plates are German   (The white D in the blue section = Deutschland)
'If women don't find you handsome, at least they'll find ya handy!". Tom quoting Red Green made me smile.
Hang it on the wall
*Olympics
Those plates are from Germany. It's on the plate - D for Deutschland, duuuhhhh.
The back office looks like a MORR sweatshop
I loved the Red Green reference - If the women don't  find you handsome...  I will return with "I'm a man, I can change, if I have to, I guess."  I am a proud member of the Possum Lodge.
Omg! I can't wait to get my DIY WLORW kit!!!
Now that you have bulid or buliding  Worlds largest wrecker   Why not do the the world's smallest  Wrecker out of a v w body just for  Fun to be this wreckers little buddy
If the women don't find you handsome... They should at least find you handy! Keep your stick on the ice.
Tom Tom, knows Red Green.  Most Americans don't know Red Green, how did Tom Tom acquire this knowledge?
12:10 thanks for the red green quote! 🇨🇦
100% hang up Lizzy’s test sheet 👍😎
We all know how much ya'll LOVE constructive criticism. With that said, when I install tractor trailer transmissions, third members, transfer cases, ECT. I always make a set of studs with a slot,, in the end to guide/support the piece while installing. Then remove with a flat blade screwdriver and replace with the correct hardware.  Beats trying to hold something in place for extended periods. Wrecker is looking amazing though. Very talented team!
D on those number plates stands for Deutschland ! French would have an F, Italy an I, and so on....
Those screw heads will poke holes in those hanging jackets. You need actual plastic hooks etc. spend a couple of bucks. Tom is a very talented and knowledgeable guy.
Also, the number plates with the blue strip with the stars and the "D" are from Germany. The "D" stands for "Deutschland", the german name for Germany ;) Please don't confuse them with french plates again :D
Matt, i hope you documented all the sizes and specs for the "instructions" on building the truck. PDF format please. this way i can build mine. haha
Yes, hang Lizzy's welding art.  She could weld do some logo /  branding stuff for sale. Might a some expensive  art.
Hang it!😁
cant tell you watch Robby Laytons channel , cause it aint going anywhere as it expertly producted
I noticed that Matt is big on CAUTION, but fails to wear safety glasses while grinding under the wrecker.
So there's what, at least 8 grand worth of shocks on that?
Best show on the tube!  Never miss one and can barely wait for the next one.  You might consider  double nutting those studs to remove them off the rear end to allow for new bolts.  Sure beats welding nuts onto them.  Lot quicker and don't have to rig a welder and all that.
CAD - Cardboard Aided Design
I still have the piece I laid my first beads on proudly displayed in my living room
😎
Put The welds on the wall
Is the whole thing coming back apart for paint or do you figure being in Utah it’s gonna be fine?
LOL. "It's not your fault, the sign is not up"
Tell Tom that when you point a finger at "who did it wrong" three fingers  are pointing back at yourself.
D - French?? No Matt Deutschland. The second plate could be a real one, hinting to the city of Mannheim.  // Aluminium welding. Put it up
SAFETY GLASSES
Tomtom.  You could print what have drawn. Then using a repositional mounting spray. Tack to cardboard. This way you are CAD prototyping what you drew in cad.
Tom Tom with the Red Green reference Brilliantly placed
everyone wants to hang around and see Lizzy s work. She did a very rivitting job on the wrecker, keeping everything together.
very artisanal
What happened to Lizzys green welding helmet?
I suggest you put spaces between the upper shock bolt to prevent galling.  You have too much space between the opening side to side.opposing forces will wear out the bolt from the top down motion side to side motions. Just a suggestion.
The "D" on the two plates stand for Deutschland - Germany. Some peop[le would consider her welding practice sheet a work of art, no?
The air you trapped in your bypass needs to be bled out, your going to have a spot in your suspension where you lose dampening.
everytime i see the PSC reservoir I think it’s a coor’s light sitting in the engine bay 🎉
Nice Red Green quote Tom.
What’s with the lotion and tape measure next to the computer ?
There's nothing like breakfast with Matt's off-road recovery 🤘
You should definitively put Lizzy's first work there. It's a testimony of her progress, her determination and will to succeed. Way to go Lizzy. And if she wants to make a better one, let her, and put it next to her first one.
Those licenses plates are germany / Deutschland. And yes you should hang the welding plate.
They make a thing called a Modeling scanner, (I think is the name) it will scan your cardboard cutout into Solidworks, but the main use is for 3D printing.
Analog cardboard to CAD/CAM.  Old world vs. new world, lol...
Just buy a Prius
D = Deutschland = Germany :D
hang her practice piece on the wall
COSTA RICA. saludos, they are appreciated a lot. It was worrying to see them under the truck, the truck being supported only by those cats that are not very robust, take care of yourselves and improve your safety, we love Matt's and company for many more years.
This truck is mind blowing. Can't wait until it's done. I think it will make a world of difference. Keep up the awesome work. God bless you and your crew.
Alden open ended ratcheting wrenches,check em out!
Hang it up
The MORR-VAIR plate is from Germany - what's interesting about german plates, is that every letter and number in the font is design the way that makes it impossible to change it to another with marker or paint - like for example F in to E. They all have different distinct shapes.
hola amigo
This is an excellent example of "surfing" the net.  11 Months from now, who knows where we'll be?
The signs with the blue strip on the left with a white D in and a circle of stars is are German numberplates. D stands for Deutschland. The MA on the second German numberplate stands for Mannheim a town south of Frankfurt/Main. That's the way German car numberplates look like.
yay   😆   i get to build my own wrecker. put welding on on the fridge with a magnet....😉
RED GREEN!!!!😂
The european car plates are from Germany. (D for Deutschland)
Never see anybody spell Olympics like this LOL. Love you guys man. Great video
IMO, the hydraulics need to be protected by a thermal radiation barrier. Chrome does well, but not practical.  Polished aluminum may be a better choice. Reflection is key.  Pleated steel, painted white on the hot side, would be economical. As an example, BREAK FLUID IS HYDROSCOPIC and WILL absorb water through its' plastic container.  Moisture in a brake system can cause serious problems, including not being able to stop.
D stands for Deutschland and this is Germany.
I suggest hanging Lizzie's welding now.  Maybe hang up her more expert welding later.
For your friendly competition,  I would add a build “snazzy factor” category.. whose cool little adds to your vehicle is better??
Plates are from Germany... D is for Deutschland...
Good to see you Fella’s & Lizzy
Could call him Double Tom or 2 Tom for short.
Hang it up
Haha it's called LocTite not lock tight
I'm glad that you are doing important stuff like hanging pictures on the wall, instead of finishing your Wrecker. 🖼⛏
The plates with D on are German number plates
Now, that's a mechanics chair with armrest!
I absolutely love that you support the DOVE center and the victims of abuse,  THANK YOU for that .   👍💯
Wow. Tom-tom sure has a large jug of lotion at his workstation.
the "MorrVair plate is an english plate with a german country sticker and dodgy font
so pumped to watch
"Olimpics"?
Are you guys gonna take this thing apart and paint all the raw metal?
D on the European plate means Deutschland. Deutschland = Germany
Love the Red Green reference
Notice 23:12 Not much CAUTION being used.
Put shock hose on inside
Hang it high enough Lizzy can’t reach it. Too take it back down. 😂😂😂
Please tell me you guys rechecked the fluid level and didn't just unbolt the res, throw the hose on, and put it back together.
You should team up with Grind Hard Plumbing and make the world's smallest off road wrecker next!
typically lotion should NOT be sitting next to a work computer 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂
the licences plates are from Germany :P   D for Deutschland
Tom Tom I haven’t seen you reach for the duct tape yet but I loved the Red Green quote
this week working on the wrecker we are making coat racks !! andd watch us hang a bunch of crap on the wall lol
Yes, hang it on the wall!
Do you think this Wrecker will go as many places and go easily like the MorVair
A thousand views  a  minute.  🤣
The Number plate is from Germany. There is a D in the blue section. D = Deutschland (Germany)
Hang it
3rd refresh after watching FabRats did it, knew it was coming. Sunday Main Project Build Day!
Yes you should hang up Lizzie's work  man I can't wait to see the wrecker out in the field
Never mind there she is!
Hang it on the refrigerator.
What happened to Lizzy's green welding helmet?
When is the off-road wrecker planned to be done?
D = Deutschland aka Germany
Thanks for making my morning every Sunday.
License plate is german  D stands for Duechland
Where is Liz you? Did she leave too?
Hang it up, she’ll appreciate how far she came and won’t forget the beginning. Never forget where you came from!
Hang Lisa's art
the „D“ on the plates means „Deutschland“ witch is the German word for Germany
The Licence plate is German The D is for Deutschland. If they were french they had a F for France
Put the test plate om a fridge!
Should hang up the tig practice runs as she goes
Does the misspelling of Olympics mean something?
I appreciate toms Ying to Matt’s Yang.  Tom- uses cad to create brackets. Matt-  YOLO (grabs iron and angle grinder)
D is German on euro plates, the more you know
Hang Lizzies plate on the wall
Get her done
What happened to Trevor, haven't  seen him in a while.
Looking like a Chinese sweatshop. Get Tom Tom a proper monitor for 3D CAD design!
favorite channel on youtube.
Will the WLORW be road legal as it’s a full custom build? If so how did you manage that?
Pinion Covers will fill with water... Drill When Ready... Put Ed's Thumbs up, Cut Out in the new Shower...
The sign with the white "D" on the blue field means "Deutschland" = Germany! ;) And in Germany the numberplates are written like this. One, two or three letters for the town your car ist registered then a space and then one or two letters without special meaning and then one to four digits from 1-9999. So i think MA stands for Matt, OR stands for OffRoad and the 455 i have no idea!
You should definitely hang this piece of aluminium. If I may, I'd suggest hanging it right above Lizzy's welding helmet.   Also those EU license plates have German country code on them.
Matt if you're going to have them use clash on you need to caution button
You can un-cut the cardboard helper with duck tape. A couple layers makes it nice and thick again.
The nr. plate is from Germany
Letter D on that European number plate stands for Deutschland, which is Germany.
I love Tomtom and his mixed use of metric and old fashioned sizing in the "CAD" lol Re front shocks and the hose, is there a reason the hose cant come out the rear, the res can go anywhere local, even under hood/bonnet if needed.
The plates are German, D for Deutschland, and i think the second one was trying to be a "legal" morr plate. Anyway, awesome video.
Hang up Lizzy's welding practice.  She is awesome!!! 👍👍👍
6:09 D stands for Deutschland (Germany)
Does lizzy still work there?
Have Lizzie sign it and put it on the wall
6:08 D for for France yeah? 😂😂😂😂 Deutschland ~ Germany 🙂
german license plates
You should put Lizzy's tig welding piece in a nice frame, THEN put it on the wall.
the wrecker does'nt look like it belongs on the road. More like in a WARZONE!. LOL
hioe it gets done in time
Are we there yet???
Hang it.
The license plate are from Germany (the D is from Deutschland)
Обожаю смотреть ваши видео ❤️ 🙌❤️🌏🛠️🚀🛸🌌🌃
The D in the European plate is Germany (Deutschland). France is F.
D = Germany
Recently found your channel and I am a subscriber forever. Also been binging on your content and every video is just amazing and very entertaining to watch. Keep up the great work everyone at Matt’s off-road recovery!
Hi guys those licenceplates are from Germany the d in bleu stands for deutsland😉
Nice to see you Lizzie
Of course you have to hang Lizzy’s artwork
The two European license plates are from Germany D stands for Deutschland
Hang lizzy's tig work those welds look good for first time. She is a talented young lady
Matt it's looking so good 👍 like a propper bee
"Olimpics"
Hang it up!
Where's Trevor at?
"D" stands for Deutschland - that's a German (EU) number plate.
Sure is a lot more computer work going on there than I would have expected. But I'm not not really sure what I would have expected.🤷‍♂️😂
❤👍
D = Deutschland aka Germany
Hang it on the wall know
I say put it up then when she decides she is better put the other up . She is a good welder
Put it on the wall!
Loving the progress on this. Can't wait to see it out working!
Hang it on the wall
Another great video. Honestly, sort of shocked you guys don’t have a 4x8 plasma table. Where them sponsors at??
Good morning Matt’s!
Hi   from New Zealand   wish you all the best for finishing the BIG wrecker  MATT    was  towing 1985--2015  FEW YEARS UNDER MY BELT
yeah baby
It's like a frickin' command center! Nice operation.
The European one ist from Germany! (D = Deutschland)
YES!  Lets hang Lizzie's welding panel on the wall!
The anticipation of seeing this thing finished is killing me!!! Please make a diecast when you can!!
When is the wrecker olimpics
11 months? That means I'm almost another year older. No more time comments please!!!!
olympics* Hi Matt!
OLYMPICS
Can’t wait to see the Big Wrecker at work out on the red rock!
I'm first
Lets go MORR!
Y
Portugal
Congratulations with everything
Charger
👍☕cz
Can’t wait to see this videos
Good morning Matt! Thank you for the video!
Made it here early !!! Love your content guys , truly enjoyable videos
YAY!!
I'm waiting to see this rig. ❣️❣️
Hey Matt
Lets go
Woo woo!
Hello again friends! How are you all doing today? 😌
Good morning everybody and thumbs UP to MORR and crew!  👍☀
Hi
Happy Sunday morning MORR!
