Gunther will be deeply missed.  What a great human being.  I hope he is drinking wine somewhere lovely and putting his feet firmly on a fantastic new chapter for himself.  And hopefully that is somewhere we can all still tag along!   Best wishes to Haas.
If you watch DTS season 6, it’s clear that GS has zero technical knowledge, and where would he take the team next ?  I still love the boy
Crofty out!!
Like all things in life, you are judged on results,end of storey
for info he is not eey-yeei-oh he is rather ah-yeah-oh
Audi is calling for Guenther
A shame, yep like most I really like Guenther.. g0d dang Rockstar here in Scandinavia. that Komatsu is taking over, not sure how much sense that will make, as its also a person that certainly also played a role for the status of the cars performance, and also strategies in races as their main chief race ingineer and been at Haas since 2016 when he came over with Grosjean
Gene Haas is so wrong for this. Its a big loss for F1 but even bigger for HAAS because the underdog had a massive fanbase and now they will lose everything. Thank you Guenther for writting your name in the history book of F1.
If Günther isn't signed up by another team, Sky should try and sign him as a pundit. He'd make a great member of the commentary team
Steiner should look European team
That's it for Haas then 😢
Does it cost that much to invest in Haas from Gene when Haas is a manufacture process company. Surely he can knock out some discount for Haas F1. It just doesn't make sense to advertise Haas if Haas F1 doesn't get the latest and the best production facilities ?
He was fired because the team is being sold ….
It sounds like firing Gunter will mean having to fill multiple roles, perhaps a restructure, the guy was handling so much, it's a miracle they are where they are, you can't fault him for that
And so dies my interest in HAAS.
Read somewhere there was a discussion between Ferrari and Gene Haas which didnt lead to a fruitful result. Di Resta and Steiner seemed to agree with Ferrari.  So probably a difference of insight why Haas did not continu with Steiner and Di Resta. All the other stuff Steiner is as a personality only good for exposure of Haas and good to get sponsors, which Haas needs if Gene doesnt want to pour in buckets of dollars.
It's interesting to note that Guenther became popular by making unintelligent comments on Netflix... Christian Horner fired him back in 2008 because of his lack of competence as a technical director. Also, the way he handled Nikita Mazepin and Mick Schumacher is absolutely unacceptable. I don't see why a team could be interested in him just because he was popular on Netflix; this has nothing to do with F1.
Soo, Ghunter in Audi F1 2026 or Andretti F1 2025? (Andretti being former HAAS F1)
Not even bought a replacement, promoted the very quiet assistant
Just like any team sport, if you’re last, the coach is let go
I would consider  Guntherw spell as successful... they clombed  using tint funds
Steiner got revenue in to a team that generate it from it's owner. Bad move.
There's 10 teams. They finished 10th. What's the mystery? You ding dongs in the comments have been brainwashed by Netflix.
They got rid of the best and most reliable part of the team
Gene Haas has just shot himself in the foot. Steiner maybe wasn't the best man or driver manager but he has a great reputation for handling the RB transition and if the attention Steiner got was a problem, that should have been discussed internally. Gene is a phleb that won't go anywhere with Haas any time soon. Unless he puts more money in, he's just hogging space on the grid hoping someone will pay over the odds to buy them out.
Dig Damon! 3:46
Steiner to replace Helmut Marko !
Surely he'll be picked up by another team, a great leader of people
Netflix Formula 1 Drive To  Survive won't be the same without him.
Because Andretti is buying Hass and doesn’t want Steiner there.
According to Gene himself his team spends somewhere near the top of the budget cap, & not as Croft says no way near..🤷‍♂️ I can understand the draw of owning a F1 team but being at the back constantly must really be a downer.. Maybe sell out to Andretti & go to Indy Car racing..
Next Drive to Survive season, will guess 20% less viewed.
He's going to Andretti..
Gene is a typical American that wanted to expand into a European sport for notoriety. I think Guenther will do well at the next team he goes to, and I think the team he goes to will do better than Haas.
Good luck Guenther Steiner, god speed, and youll be fine this year, im sure, your a winner always, time for a change for all concerned, fyi i dont think Guenther will be out of the sport very long.
Not Craig Slater, literally the worst one there. Not a journalist, not a punter. Knows little about F1
F1 just got even more boring.
It was due for steiner to go, he has proven he is useless as the team went from bad to worse year on year and NEVER improving. Haas needs a new direction.
some of the comments here are absolutely gorgeous coming from individuals that have nothing to do with F1 beyond watching it every now and then... I love 99% bull dung on my days off as well so keep it coming why don't you
Guenther was banging his head on a brick wall while Gene Haas is happy to make money running at the back of the grid.
Something had to change and renewed leadership when a team is consistently underwhelming is a good place to start.   Whilst Steiner is a character the team does need the opportunity for fresh leadership.
Big mistake getting ride of Gunter!
lack of discernable progress, would be my guess
I will miss Guenther! Don’t spend money, you won’t do better.
Steiner said on the Virginia radio breakfast show ( Chris Evans) some 10+ weeks ago he was leaving at the end of last season. So this is old news…
HAAS team has been an embarrassment for the last 3 years, the only person responsible is the team principle. Gunther was a character, but I wouldn't call him a good leader. Sky as usual spinning the facts 😡
For Gene, the Haas F1 team is a marketing tool for his tools. He doen’t care finishing last. Just being F1 is enough. Gunter wants to go forward expecting more investments. Gene doesn’t want more money for an already very expensive marketing tool. Conflicting goals and interest.
I wish the cost cap could of helped Haas instead of being abused by Redbull
Should go to AlphaTauri
One year ago Steiner said that Mick Schumacher had to deliver good results to keep his seat, wise words that were taken by Haas owner to take this step. Bye-bye Stainer!
still waiting for croftys apology for misleading the public about abu dhabi 2021 and f1 regulation.
haas should be pushed out of f1 and bring in a big manufacturer in to replace them, vw or porsche..
Nooo.....I can hear the Anakin howl thru' his new Darth Vader mask after realising that his Padme was no more.......lol. This is how I'm reacting to this news. What now, for next season's Drive To Survive? Who's going to be the one to add colour to the show?
Did Hill's face fall off?
Gunther demanded ownership percentage and Haas said no.
Well, there goes the Drive to survive ratings.
Good
" Gene Haas is in it for the long haul"...  Let's not forget that Gene is 71 years old. Not that he is slowing down or losing focus now, but in this stage of life things you are passionate about and priorities can change in a heartbeat
F1 is a results business, GS wasn't getting the results. Still leaves on a multi-million pound contract, so it's not all bad.
Like shuffling the deck chairs on the Titanic.
Will Haas sell to Andretti?
James Vowles has been banging on about how Williams facilities are way behind and need massive updating for them to be competitive. Gunther says the same thing about Haas. Gene Haas says show me results first, then we’ll upgrade. How is that even possible with the same staff, equipment and other teams spending millions to move forward??
Andretti racing should buy Hass!
You'd have to say, with some of the shambles of Team Principles this last few years, one standout is James Vowles. Turning around Williams is no mean feat,  almost all other teams are treading water or falling backwards.
Sky F1 HD ❤. Come on Sky, get the FIA to put the cars on the tracks. I'm Bored. I cannot Wait for the new season, and I cannot wait for all you to entertain, fantastic information and really great commentary, but not as good as, erm, erm, Walke,. Murry Walker 😂😂😂😂. I was watching the Christmas F1 Classics on Sky F1 HD and I do miss Murry. I missed you too Sky F1 HD team, and you behind the scenes. Come on, Let's Go, Go, Go.
Haas’ future looks so much better now.  Opportunities abound for partners, sponsors etc.  This year will be a nice measure of the existing team framework.  All good news to me.
Gene doesn’t care at all about winning. The team is an investment and advertising medium. He doesn’t seem to get that it’s harming his engineering brand.
I've heard a rumor suggesting that Gene might be considering a partnership with Andretti, as it appears that Andretti is facing difficulties securing the 11th spot on their own. Andretti already has a deal with GM as an engine supplier and they have rather deep pockets, Haas could potentially become the primary sponsor of the Andretti-Haas F1 team. To be frank, this doesn't seem entirely implausible. Haas has been struggling to make progress independently, while Andretti is seemingly facing exclusion from the current F1 teams. A collaboration might offer a solution for both parties.  In this case Steiner is the embodiment of a nice guy finishing last...
Steiner is already missed, Haas WILL not move forward until they are ready to step up. If you want to win in F1 U HAVE TO SPEND THE BIG BUCKS and that’s the bottom line.
Guenther is the last reason why I even take note of this team..... 2024.. bye HAAS.. :D
Maybe sky sport out😊😅🎉what a dream 😅
Got to get him back in the sport, such a great team principal
As I said in another video, I see this is how Audi gets there 2025 F1 debut.
Just replace HAAS with Andretti
F1 teams are worth a minimum of $1bn because the popularity of the sport skyrocketed on the back of Drive to Survive. Gunther was one of the catalysts that made DTS so popular.
Insane on so many levels especially given Steiner's huge motorsport experience. Not to mention the sponsors who I imagine will now reshuffle if the airtime inevitably decreases.
I wonder who the Drive to survive film crew is hanging with these last days. if he doesn't go to another team I bet he gets his own show.
I am still wondering about Haas selling to Andretti...
Bad mistake Hass.... scrappy year ahead for you.
Big loss for the Haas team , he always gave it his all
I think  Haas will sell the team. He should be able to get like 500 mill for it and probably more.  Cadillac might be a great candidate. Either that or he needs to do a massive investment into the team and facilities.
Hopefully Gunther comes back with Andretti Cadillac!! 🤞🤞 Hass needs to put up the $$ to provide a better product, or get rid of them.
Steiner will be missed! Closest thing to a modern day Eddie Jordan or Flavio Briatore in terms of flamboyant personalities in a sea of PR robots. Good or bad, you need people like that.
How is this even content? Rubbish chit chat talking heads repeating themselves
Future andretti team
no mention about who owns the team... ie the ongoing noted Ownership with Gunther as part owner as part of team deal. Kept saying Hass was full owner... Had this been resolved.? I thought this was still on going. Maybe all this will come out in the book which is quite timely...
Gene Haas is just getting ready to sell the team.
Get Crofty back on lead commentary, please!!!!
Haas was terrible last year so hopefully new team principal can be better
Let's be honest it was only a matter of time. Yes he had a personality but even just watching DTS you can see some issues, nevermind actually following the sport in more detail.
Haas being sold to Andretti?
Gunter to alpine would make sense
completely shocked, but I wonder if gene will move out of f1 for andretti to move in as the team bosses don't want more than 10 teams.
Not really a surprise this happened, aside from Genes unwillingness to spend money, the bigger issue is how stratified their organisation is and the model Gunther built. It hasn't worked and won't work so Gunther has to go
8 million of Gene his money in the Austin upgrade that led to nothing was the final straw.
I bet our favorite impersonator Conner …. Is going to be gutted. his Impersonations of Gunther were sensational.
Let's be honest, the loss is more for the media because of his entertainment value than to Haas racing team that has not really improved under his leadership. Time to explore new ideas and Gene Haas reserves the right to appoint the person he believes will take the team forward. This is a motorsport business not a media pen business
They came dead last. The writing was on the wall. The buck stops with the team principal. Seeya wouldn't wana be ya. Doesn't matter if he's a fan favorite, that doesn't help the team do any better.
Hey Sky Sports F1, hire Guenther !!
Andretti to buy Haas entry anybody?
Feel bad for everyone who has to work under Steiner and Haas. They both seem terrible.
Macleren improved with Stella.A change of thinking is good.We love Gunther but a fhange was needed
Haas has lost their best asset. Does Gene Hass ever smile?
He was FIRED... Noting more and nothing less... Guenther Steiner was FIRED. And then Drive to Survive.... First season and maybe Second season... I don't watch it at all anymore... It is boring & FAKE as hell...  All that said... I have news for Haas. Guenther Steiner was not the problem. Haas got a BAD Driver Line up. We all know G Haas does not want to spend REAL Money to build that team and make them better and faster.... So G Haas is the REAL Issue... Poor Guenther took the fall...
I feel sorry for people who started watching F1 recently. It's absolute garbage. F1 up to 2008, was a completely different sport. A legendary one. Really up to 2006, but 2007/2008 were still good, post tyre war.
THIS MAN JUST TELLS LIES
Honda engines coming to Hass!
The video quality of this podcast is not up to snuff for sky. Surely you could borrow some good camera equipment.
I know it's just Crofty talking, but literally that sounded like he was talking to Brundle while announcing the news that broke out before an FP1 session.
I love Guenther. Great guy, great personality. But if some other team was flatlining like Haas, they would sack the head person immediately and we wouldn’t bat an eye. So what’s different here? Plus, Gene promoted the engineer to track head, and someone else will deal with the political stuff. So what’s the big deal?
Gunther made the team $$$ by being a great leader he will be missed
Haas will be up for sale within two years, just in time for that Audi bid perchance? If not maybe Andretti if possible?  Who knows but it looks like F1 will likely lose another time within a few years.
Read my lips "I'm not going to sell" Andretti picks it up in 2026 and they remain at the bottom with a nonworking structure and no IP or people to create it. And, because GM is involved Ferrari won't sell any more, neither Merc, Audi, Renault, Honda and ah RB-Ford.
Obviously Gene does not wish to put in anymore money to bring their results higher. Would be interesting to see what they spend in a year vs the spending cap? Willing to bet it is significantly lower. Perhaps he needs a financial partner to come in to boost the depth of the pockets required to be at least a mid field contender.
Can’t Haas just be relegated so Andretti can get in?
Haas have the best reverse gear in F1 at the moment. At least they are top rated in one category.
Gene Haas doesn’t get it, he hasn’t for awhile. This isn’t like running Minardi in the 80s, to be competitive you must spend money. Haas is apparently content to be one of the bottom-feeders and farm teams for young talent not under contract.   I sure hope Andretti makes it in, then the US can have a team with at least a pretense of competing. Then maybe F1 can drop Haas.
Sad to see Steiner go. Haas are in a mess now. Last in the constructors with an owner who doesn’t want to invest. I’ve seen this script before.
Good riddance
Get him on Sky Sport#
Sell the team to Andretti!
This commentary is not rational at all.  Every F1 team wants to win, to place higher in the results including Haas.  Nothing more.  Guenthner popularity in interviews or DTS does not pay the bills and his demand for more money and ownership is a negative to the team owner given placing tenth in the constructors.
you can only do so much with terrible material and no money
Doesn't matter who is in that job at Haas, they will finish last and will continue to do so unless they spend more or align more closely with Ferrari.
What a HAAStoric moment! Absolutely HAASstounding? This is catHAAStrophic for F1's popularity going forward, I think this is a mHAASive mistake GENE.... 😢😢😢😢 SOOOO SAD TODAY, SO SAD 😞 😔 😟 🙁 😥 😿
Haas is setting up the FOR SALE sign!
ANDRETTI Hass ..
Can see Haas not being on the grid for 2026, good riddance. No point in being in F1 if you're not going to spend money.
I’ll tell you what , as a fan that has been attending a race at least once a year the ticket prices are absolute ridiculously priced so if popularity drops because of Gunther even better . A three day ticket for silverstone is over $2500 !!! Absolute JOKE !!!!!
Yeah i dont blame haas,they will lose a lot of political side and experience in the team,but look at mclaren and williams they took an engineer from their team to be their principal and those 2 teams made the biggest leaps
I think he survived for too long on his personality in the sport. He never came across as a good leader.
Gene Haas doesn't invest and Guenther pays the price. No idea why Haas is even in F1 anymore.
Who cares - seriously?
Does Gene Hass _even_ want to be in F1? Steiner was pretty much the 'face' of the team, and maybe that's what put Hass' nose out of joint.
How is this amateurish team still on the Grid when you have presumably a far more professional team in Andretti being prevented from getting in.
As an American we do not claim Gene Haas. Terrible owner
🙋🏼‍♀  Haas can better sell the F1 team, this now go's nowhere , its now a good team for new drivers, bc Haas will be last anyway.  Hope we see Guenther at F1 for a comment job like with SkyF1.
Which Sky Sports F1 pundit will get the pinkie to make room for Colorful Guenther?
Smash too many doors
He only leaves voluntarily, which isn't quite the same as getting replaced or sacked, but still a shock & his absence won't go unnoticed.
Gunther wanted to improve the car. Gene Haas wanted to continue selling CNC machines to Putin.
Well Hass has gotten rid of the only interesting thing about their team. Gene doesn't want to put anymore money into the facilities they use, so they are going to stay at the back regardless of who's team boss.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooo...................
Lest we forget, Guenther was a key part of the transisition period of Red Bull between 2005 and 2009. That's what the die hard fans will remember him for.  And then the DTS fans will remember for swearing a lot at Mazapig and Co.
Haas wanted results without investing in infrastructure... Gunther isnt god he can only do so much with what he has... Gene Haas handicapped his team and expected results without putting in the money for it. HUGE loss for Haas...Gunther was good and why get rid of someone who is on the rise... bad call Gene Haas
Is Haas selling it to other Americans????
Karma! Dishing Mick was so not right,  Gunter.
I'm guessing their new car has missed every mark.   Another year sucking hind teet.
Andretti will hire him.
Steiner wanted to spend more money to make the cars faster, Haas doesn't.  Nuff said.
If gene didnt want to finish last then why is he investing like someone who does?
You can't question the passion. Remember what he would do for one point. Im not sure he designed much of the floor or the suspension in regards to the tyre wear that car suffers from
Aaldert
Good riddance... now, if Sky is gonna sack this assault on the senses that is David Croft it would be even better for the sport.
Whatever his on-track performance, Guenther’s book is still a fun read
Haas will only go even more backwards now, can see Andretti buying the team in the next 3 years to come
Just hate interviews or discussions where some mince words so much, just don't talk if you're that afraid to speak!!
ayao komatsu was a podioum finisher in lotus, while he was grosjean's engineer. I wouldn't speak too fast by saying if it's a lost for haas f1 team.
It's about time he went. 4 years and did nothing. However I'll miss him. He had such a good character
improvised podcast. love the concept. journalists ready 24/7 for recording on the go 😂
It’s made you look like a bunch of Vankers, Gene!
Very misleading thumbnail
Gunther = the Kardashians boy bye  money matters  poor results..🙄
Andretti should buy the Haas team
Gunther... top blagger! 🤣🤣
After years of incompetence and mismanagement, he finally gets the boot. Best move Haas could have made by finally clearing the dead wood.
Haas are finished.
Well, he never delivered any results... He was good in social media though ;)
That's terrible news. He's a fantastic character
