Hope is coming for Texas A&M in 2025 hahahahahah
They won the title this year.  What a prediction
This Texas game tonight (15 Nov) has me breaking out the ole pepper spray.
Georgia’s version of Battered Aggie Syndrome
I LOVE HOPE!!!!!!! Hope should be Miss America every year. Absolutely gorgeous, lovely, and hilariously wonderful!!!
rolltide fansiloveit likeit vleos
I am Steve🚫 I am Hope ✅
Sent this a friend’s mom who is a Buffalo Bills fan. Trying to show her how to view sports hope.
Who’s here after the game in 2024?
Hope is a cutie!
Still the greatest video about Georgia fandom, other than all of the people crying when a Ringo ate the baby.
1:38 - JT Daniels doesn’t stay healthy for the entire season - Arik Gilbert never even took a snap that season - We end up getting throttled by Bama still in the SEC Championship
As a Georgia fan, incredibly accurate 😭
My how things have changed
Freaking 2008
As a Georgia fan this video has me in tears....can't tell which kind yet......but we finally here 🎉
Just come back to say hello. GoDawgsBack2Back
The greatest thing that has ever happen to the University of Georgia is Hope🎯
As a uga fan I’m constantly wary of playing South Carolina every year........it’s my anxiety 😢
run from hope at all times
I feel this mainly cause my ex’s name is hope
Hope is funny
This was the funniest skit by them. Described us Dawg fans to a tee. Lol
Is violence against women allowed now?
As a Penn State fan, Hope has burned us before, too. Especially in recent years. I'm reluctant to pay her any mind and then just as soon as I give her another chance, Penn State loses, then loses again the week after that. I didn't make that mistake this year. When we lost to Michigan I was like "yep, knew it", and I think we'll lose to Minnesota, Ohio State, and Michigan State. Possibly also Indiana and/or Maryland.
I keep coming back to this episode.  The creation of HOPE and her relationship with GA was EPIC.
This Texas A&M fan feels how Georgia does all the time lol
That’s how I feel as a Texas A&M fan lol
Oh, poor Hope! She deserves better... like un Aggie!
The greatest debut & running jokes in the history of the series!
Who else thinks SEC shorts nailed this, making hope a main character the year Georgia wins it all, great job
This hits different now that we have a new title 😅
I love and hate this video so much.
The woman who plays hope is awesome
And we still will spray hope even after the national title
Last year was a whirlwind. A near-perfect season, a revenge against our only loss, and the title of National Championship over the one team to get it multiple times in a row. May this year shape up to be an equally thrilling ride. Go Dawgs!
wait a second....... i thought you couldn't use Pepper Spray more than once
And were the 2021 national champions
Hope came through this year!
I’m a Georgia alumnus, and this was the first SEC Shorts I saw. After Georgia beat Clemson, I thought, “Georgia will win all of the rest of their games except two … the two most important ones … both of them to Alabama.” As it turns out, they did face Alabama in the two most important ones … and lost the less important one and won the really important one.  Edit: I wrote, "wii" instead of "win."
Hope Played A Role In Georgia National Championship Now Hope Is Going 2 Texas A&M
HBTFD!!! Still don't think "Hope" an Auburn Alum had the best intentions for my Dawgs.
Georgia and Hope should have gotten MARRIED after the National Championship over Bama.
This aged well. Congrats on the National Championship Georgia.
Hope did us well finally.
Thank you Hope.  We love you......finally.
Looking back on this video, we didn't have a full season of JT and Gilbert never played a down but Kendrick definitely played out well.  We still got it done though!!!!  GO DAWGS!!!!
Hope worked out for them after all, eh?
Thank you hope
Who else is here after the National Championship? 👋
Great character, great season, great storyline; now's the time to let the Georgia fan and Hope ride off into the sunset together. <3
Wow, this actually did age well.
My favorite online College Football comedy show
Wow. They did it.
This one is still good today..#nomore1980now2021
This is just being an Atlanta sports fan…..
Ok Hope.......Gator fan here,  we'll embrace you!
This video hits different today!!!
I LOVE HOPE!
As a Georgia fan, I will officially embrace hope now!!!🐶❤️🐶❤️
After the events of January 10, 2022, UGa kinda looks like a dick!
Hope will have her revenge...#dawgswin
Ight hope tryin you out this time
Georgia and Hope are now married to each other.
Weird how of all years, you've decided to have Hope join this year as a character.... it's almost as if you already knew the future 🙄
Back to watch right after Georgia won the title!! Not a Georgia fan but was cheering them against Bama.
Hope wins on January 10, 2022!    Good Job Dawgs and my favorite actress!
How bout them Dawgs!
Hope was right 👀 (except for JT Daniels)
Who else is here after Hope finally delivers Georgia it’s first National Championship since 1980! 🏆
I think hope worked out well this year
Georgia won it all. I think it’s safe to say he and hope are back together.
Who’s here after UGA won it all?
Well well well...  As someone who knows NOTHING about college football, I went right to this video after they won.
HOPE WAS RIGHT LET'S GOOOOOO
Letsss goooo Here after Dawgs won
Hope was right!?!
13-9 in the 4th quarter of the championship game...I'm thinking about this video.
My daughter sent me a picture today from Indianapolis with Hope outside of the stadium, getting ready for tonights game. I showed it to someone at work. They asked, "Who's Hope?" I had to pull up this video and show them. Two grown-ups standing in the middle of a retail store, laughing our butts off. But crying a little on the inside, cause Hope messes with UGA every freaking year!
Let us not forget the 2016 Dobbnail Boot
Just back to review the series.  Thought it was too on the nose at the beginning of the season.  Had no idea how much worse it would be by the end.  The healthy JT Daniels line got so much funnier.  Great season from you guys this year
Best defense ever
TOO FUNNY!!!
This is mostly correct, we weren't #1 in 2004 though. I thought we were #3 at our peak. And since we are taking a trip down memory lane how about 2002 Cocktail Party when we were undefeated?
This video NEVER gets old. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 These people know the SEC mindset as good as ANYONE. 👍👍👍
This video aged so very well 😈
I guess after the SEC championship game they still hate hope. 😂🤣😂 Bama 41. To UGA 24
I’m sure Georgia started dating Hope again about a month ago. Then look what happened.  She’s poison
December 2021: Lord Saban makes the Bulldogs cry again.
It's hope versus hope in the playoffs the Michigan fan we can relate to each other to Georgia fans Georgia fans hope have has screwed us both over the years but hopefully hope is on Michigan side
Popped up after Bama beat Georgia in sec championship so I guess they’ll have another hope to add to list of getting destroyed 🤣
...perfection... #lol
Anyone here after the SEC championship. Man, Hope sucks GA fans.......
This has aged well
I knew we should never have trusted her
Even more hilarious now. Man they nailed it and a full season of JT how about a full season of Stetson the yard gnome Bennet to come thru with one pick six and almost 2 more 😂
I love how this played out, yet AGAIN!!!  It's like they KNEW!
This video has aged to perfection!!!
Lol even funnier after the sec title game
Actually, Bama had the #1 recruiting class last year. It was the highest rated recruiting class of all-time.
Georgia is going to burn hope alive rn😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
Georgia tech is better 💀
I dated Hope for a few weeks there. Broke up this weekend. Brutal.
Hope is for suckers and fools. As an Oklahoma fan I feel your pain. I'm not comfortable in any game against any team. At least with a new coach we have a season or two where just a 10 win season will be seen as something more than a failure.
Rewatching this, I can understand his point.
Be honest, who’s here after the SEC Championship?
Alabama 41-Georgia 24 in 2021.  Hope doesn’t need pepper spray. She needs a restraining order. 😂 Roll Tide! 🐘🌊
How truthful this is now.....
Visiting this after UGA got destroyed by BAMA yet again.  Roll Tide.
this aged well
Well these aged well
Priceless.
Ohh boy I hope Dawg fans didn't expect an undefeated season this year...
Still good! Roll Tide!
THIS is SOOOOO accurate.
And 2021.   !
They need to do one where the georgia fan comes begging Hope to get back together but she sprays him with pepper spray
Here I am, engaging in self-flagellation after forgetting this important lesson before yesterday's game.
"You don't draw Alabama, LSU, or Texas A&M out of the West."   And then Alabama makes the SEC Title game and does Alabama things. This aged too well.
And as of yesterday still true.
Hope has turned into a full nightmare for Georgia.
This aged beautifully. This is even better after bama domolished UGA in the SEC Championship. Roll tide, y’all!!
Can't wait till tomorrow!
Hope got them again and BAMA over and over and over!!!! Ga has a Alabama problem.
Who's back after the 2021 SEC Championship :)
this is even better after today's alabama game
We thought this was the year this would end for them… nope
Alabama has entered the comments section
As a georgia fan coming back to this is comforting me
I came back after bama rocked georgia.
Who's here after SEC Championship
I see a new Hope failure coming on after tonight’s beat down.
Who's here after Satan's team over in Bama did it again?
Who is here after Georgia lost?
Who's here after the SEC championship game?
Healthy JT ha ha. That's great Hope. Thanks for killing me again.
Anyone revisiting this one after today?
Hope has struck yet again. Man, I can't help but feel bad for Georgia fans now.
This was prophetic
Welp, we're back again Georgia fans. lol
38-17 Bama. Can't wait to see the video for this after this game.
sc is bowl eligible this year lmao
😭😭😭 why did this start trending again one day before SEC CHAMPIONSHIP 😭😭😭
Stay away from me.....stay back...!
Hope has been keeping her promise so far, can she pull through in the playoffs?
Keep watching this shit mofos
Three more games, and you can party like it's 1983.
Still relevant, even with twelve wins.
As a GA fan, this still resonates with me....especially now. I'll accept sweet Hope back in once the Natty is firmly at home in Athens.
In "reasons for hope" at about 1:45, she mentions JT Daniels and Arik Gilbert.....
ill be back in a month and a half to see how the comments end up looking
So much for a full year of JT Daniels. Arik Gilbert wasn't around much either, yet still, Hope marches on.
Hey Georgia all that's left is Charleston Southern
Today, November 20th, 2021, a #1 ranked, 10-0 Georgia is playing some random, non-bowl eligible South Carolina team.  May God have mercy on our souls.  EDIT: God had mercy on our souls.
You can ask older Georgia fans about 1992, 1995, 1997, 2000, 2002...lots of run-ins with Hope through the years!
“A full and healthy JT Daniels”  So that was a lie, thanks again hope lmao
Georgia hasn’t played anyone. This will end badly for them.
Undefeated with 2 games left. Charleston Southern and Georgia Tech. Still not letting Hope in.
Shittttt Dawgs fans DRINKIN ALL THAT HOPE-AID right now.
Garbage shit .... Kirby Smart is only been  coaching 6 years at Georgia .... Nick Saban never won a national championship in his first six years of coaching this s*** is garbage what Georgia done in the past is irrelevant the future is now today George's number one Georgia is going to win the national championship so whoever made this is probably a Dan Mullen Florida Gator fan or maybe even a Bama Gump fan so stop with the B's ....
I said this on the follow up video, but it needs to be said on this one too.  The Braves winning the World Series lifted the statewide cures on sports.  I'd like to know how Danny deals with Hope now.
Funny, having lived in Athen area in my mid 20s I get this video. It does seem GA always self implodes & spends a reminiscing off season on 1980 & Herschel Walker. That being said I love that actress's performance.
Yes full season of jt Daniels. If full season is two games
This is not funny at all!! You shouldn’t be pepper spraying someone for no reason!!
Hope now has left UGA and moved on to the Braves. It’s not just college football people, it’s all the Georgia teams (except Tech and the Hawks…we know those suck)
JT Daniels? Healthy?
It’s happening again
This aged extremely well.
You what lol. This aged almost perfectly.  No JT Daniels for over half the season this far No Arik Gilbert No George Pickens No Dom Blaylock New injuries every week (even on the bye) #1 toughest schedule as it turns out And we are still winning Hope you bitch!!!!
🤣
So Hope is the kryponite, STD, shingles of Georgia football. I wish I knew what’s afflicting my UW Huskies. Probably a mental parasite.
Full season of healthy JT Daniels?! Burned us on that already!
Please, Georgia. Let this arc ride out. Based on the recent video, how funny would it be to see Georgia hand Hope the pepper spray?
I will be able to embrace Hope 5 minutes after winning a national championship.  Till then, I may need lots of pepper spray.
y'all giving into Hope right about now... ain't ya?
As a Jacksonville Jags fan, I'm feeling this video, so much!
How do we deal with hope? We don't.
Who's laughing now?  The Bulldogs are far and away the best team in college football.  Period.
This is still accurate coming off the UK victory
Who's here after the sequel?
CHECK OUT PART 2 NOW YALL :)
had to come back here after the sequel
Here on coming up on the by week and I’m still waiting for a healthy JT.
“ a full season of a healthy JT Daniels” and THIS is just another reason why we don’t trust hope!
Let's just keep watching this video over and over until we can celebrate
Yup
As a lifelong Georgia Bulldog fan, who enjoyed 1st grade with Herschel's freshman season, a National Championship and three consecutive National Championship runs (1980, 1981 & 1982) this is sadly and hilariously on point. I love this team but I'm physically prepared for something bad to happen against the worst teams. #GoDawgs
Can we have an updated version of this now that Georgia is Number 1 in the nation now and Alabama lost to A&M
RTR!!
We’re 6 0 and I’m still spraying
This is hilarious
"You get a full season of a healthy J.T. Daniels..."  Yeah, about that...
Where is Hope? She's been missing from the newer shorts.
This aged well didn't it? Georgia's looking awesome so far.
This video will be getting a lot of views over the next few months.
Hope just got pepper sprayed again this weekend with Bama losing to A&M
JT hurt all season Arik will never play a down Arkansas better than LSU and TAMU Still 6-0. Woof woof
That sandwich looked good.
2008 they were pre-season No. 1. No mention of 2002 and Terrence Edwards' dropped pass versus Florida and watching Ohio State pull wins out of their arse week after week?
Ranked #1 today and this is how I feel as a Georgia fan...
“A full season of a healthy JT Daniels my ass”
Hope keeps coming around. UGA is 6 0 and first in the nation.
Anyone else just get this in their recommended after Bama just lost
Aggies to Georgia fans: You are most certainly welcome.
It's still funny.    ROLL TIDE   Any chance Georgia loses to Auburn this weekend? (Oct 9, 2021) 😱
“This year, ya get a full season of a healthy JT Daniels” Welp more spray in her face
Bro 2012 though…… an automatic kicker missed 2 field goals, the best qb in uga hostory fucks up with 30 secs on the clock and doesn’t spike the ball, we made a stop to get the ball back at our 35, and we lost by 4 to a team that won the natty by 30
Saban went to Bama in 2007.  We called it two thousand saban.
Come up short ……. UGA football
What's ironic is that JT Daniels has missed 2 games due to injury and is most likely out the next 2 weeks as well....
O.k. we handled Arkansas so here comes Hope again.  Now we have Georgia fans on Twitter trying to "Name the front 7" and pounding our chests about bring on ALA and whatnot.  Auburn up next.  We haven't won jack yet and I'm sure "Hope" is going to rear her ugly head yet.  She's just waiting for maximum affect....see you next Sunday.
It’s 10/6.  They are looking really good this year.
Alabama will beat that ASS this year
2019? Is that the year they won the sec only to get their asses kicked in the Sugar Bowl by Texas? Had Jake Fromm cryin like a wimp.
Yeah, it's time to do a redo of this video. Although I think us UGA fans are finally ready to start believing.
Hope's starting to look pretty good this year.
I wonder if these two will have a reunion this season?
Who's watching after Georgia destroyed Arkansas?
2008:  Lord Saban has arrived.  I genuinely felt that in my soul!
Despite JT missing time as Gilbert being MIA, she’s still trying to weasel her little ass in. Keep the pepper spray handy, boys. There’s a lot of football left.
Smh so true
I blame this video for J.T. Daniels being hurt this year. Thanks for that lol
Georgia wins more National Championships in the State of Georgia during  the months of February until November than any other program. The boys  in the Athens coffee shop think they should just crown them now and call  the season over.
Guys help, I ran out of pepper spray.
You should do a PAC-12 shorts.
As a Dawgs fan...this is gold!!!
“None legible South Carolina team” yeah that pretty much sums up the Gamecocks every year.
The only lie was saying he was emotional prepared.
This is so true and yes I like UGA so on that note when the other shoe drops it will be oh look big surprise big deal move on.
This video is gonna hit diff after the hogs get the dub lol.
As a Georgia Tech fan having Georgia not succeed is succeeding for us
SEC shorts is so stupid.
Lmao Georgia fans and Hope? As a Tennessee fan, I'm just like... "First time?" 🤣
That spray come in cardinal and gold?  She stopped by our pad for the first time ever and I can't sit down comfortably anymore.
Isn't Georgia ranked #3 at the moment?
“You don’t draw Alabama, LSU, or Texas A&M out of the west.”  *_Arkansas has entered the chat._*
The South Carolina comment! I’m 💀🪦☠️⚰️
Well we made it past the unranked South Carolina part 😅
How dare you spray Axe body spray on the poor woman over and over again!
I’m a Georgia fan and this is my mentality every year
Get ready Georgia.  Arkansas is coming to town and hell’s comin’ with us.
O.k. we've handled our business against S Carolina and Vandy.  Now we get a top 10 ARKANSAS????  And on top of that we get the Gameday curse coming to Athens for a hard to get fired up for a noon game.  Here she comes again knocking on our door with a  universally loved former assistant coach.   I just had to watch this video again.  See you next week.
Hannah needs a honorary Emmy for her accurate portrayal of Hope’s treatment by Georgia fans…
2021, a year after year bottom feeding Arkansas team comes out of nowhere in a top 10 matchup in our yard...imagine a sequel to this if Arkansas can pull the upset.  Hope: Did you even think that was a possibility?  UGA Fans: No, but knowing us, we're not surprised.
Hannah, you are great. Hope is a cold hearted b!/*h that will wait for the perfect time. Then, she rips your heart out, throws it in the blender and hits the purée button. Been there, done that since 1980. Getting too old for this crap.
So Kirby smart is hiring failed coaches now too, just like lord Saban?
Georgia were we do less with more talent somehow.
Hope: “Look, you’ve even beaten a #3 Clemson! How could you not trust me!?” Georgia Fan: “Oh, you mean that Clemson?” *Clemson comes in, frantically running towards the bench*  Clemson: “Whew! Good glory, did you see that NC State team? Who knew North Carolina could play football?”  *Clemson rests by the bench, knowing the rest of his schedule will be as soft as their Offence* Georgia Fan: *Raises pepper spray* Hope: B-b-but they lost Will Shipley Georgia Fan: They had Justyn Ross. . . *Sprays Hope*
Keep spraying her... I got way too much hope after that Clemson win....waiting for Arkansas this week to become some crazy good mess...
Only school that has its mascot die before before it’s title hopes.
Is this also because Georgia fans are also Falcon and Braves fans?
This is true
This is 100% facts as a UGA fan I have experienced nothing but pain my entire life
We are use to the disappointment.  It's Georgia sports in general.
I always say my season as a Georgia fan doesn't start until the 4th quarter of the sec championship game if we make it
2008 lord saban arrived? More like UF blew the doors off them 49-10 on their way to their second natty in 3 years
As a Georgia alumni who was a freshman in 1982 when we lost to Penn St in the Sugar Bowl to lose the Natty, I've been waiting ever since.  I have to watch this SEC Short weekly to remind myself of who Hope really is like Pennywise in the gutter wanting to be my friend.  Or as the late, great Larry Munson once said, "Lady Luck just slapped us in the face, kicked us in the stomach and rolled us in the gutter....."  How will it end this year?  2021.  (At least we beat So. Carolina!)
JT Daniels was injured and then got outshined by his backup. I'm not sure if that is a win or a loss for Georgia.
100 lol
That face has HURT written all over it
It's the hope that kills you...  - Ted Lasso
whos here after they crushed south carolina
TRUTH!!!!!
That aged like fine wine
This goes for the Falcons and the Braves too.
What about Tennessee? Every time they win three games in a row against unranked opponents, it becomes their year. Then, after losing a bunch of games, they win three more at the end of the season and the whole thing starts all over again.
Why does this video speak to me on a spiritual level?
"You get a full season of a healthy J. T. Daniels."   You lied, Hope. You lied.
At least we didn’t lose to South Carolina this year
Georgia's basketball team is Gonzaga.
Tennessee fan here. Any Georgia fan out there willing to trade the last 15 years with me? Lol I didn’t think so, y’all should be grateful.
Sooo sooooo true
Me a clemson fan:😑
So Gd funny
Is that not the damn truth!!!!
Welp let's see if their predictions are right tomorrow, Georgia vs SC at home, ohh boy.
You guys... WOW! GREAT STUFF!
I’m so thankful this group brings accuracy and comedy to SEC fanbases. Brings us together lol 😂
As Georgia fan I’m also emotionally numb
Lmao, Boomer Sooner!!
As a UGA fan , the Dogs shit the bed regularly
This just proves that Georgia and Texas A&M are kindred spirits
What's the benefit to dating a Georgia girl? She'll never expect a ring.
As a OU fan. I feel this. Maybe more then Georgia.
Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment.
Trust me Georgia fans...all of college football suffers under Darth Sidious, I mean Lord Saban.
"A full season of a healthy JT Daniels"  Yeah that fuckin aged well didn't it
At least she didn't bless Florida State
From the future......define "healthy"
And Cryin' Kirk Herbstreit promotes a bank!  This guy is a sap and a suckup to the Woke powers that sign his paycheck at ESPN.  So  now I would rather borrow money from a New York mob boss than Renasant Bank. Kirk should lobby to be a guest on Oprah!  She absolutely LOVES men that cry!
Texas fans - "we have no hope "
As a Georgia fan I have to say…this video is accurate until they prove me wrong 😂
So this is a super random observation, but those sandwiches were definitely from Publix.
Boy did this age perfectly.
That South Carolina line...  ALL FACTS!
Well just heard that your qb injury again so that a good start Georgia 👍
If not for the Crimson Tide Georgia would have won it all in 2012 and 2017, maybe 2018.  There are many ways to roll but ROLL TIDE is the best.
Ruthless
Arik Gilbert- Not available   Jt Daniels- hurt  ENTIRE WR CORE-Injured  Thanks Hope!
I freaking love my Dawgs but this is accurate af lol
Nice!
Tua came off the bench but, ya know whatever 😏
Wait a minute.  What about the 28-3 Falcons and the 14 Divisions, 1 World Series Braves.  Ga fans have nothing on us.  And I also watch every game.
This should have been LSU.
Wait no Bama, A&M, nor LSU this year? If the Dawgs blow this they shouldn't be in the SEC!
Oh hey, it's me every pre-season mentally preparing myself for the inevitable soul crushing incoming
So they beat Clemson.
Even now, after beating Clemson, we would still pepper spray her
Who’s watching this after the Dawgs’ big win over ClemSUCK?😄
As an Ole Miss fan, I can almost sympathize with y'all but our expectations are always tempered with the knowledge that we are a small school and can only hope to field a competitive team every couple of years or so. You're Georgia, a huge school with almost limitless resources. The consistent under achievement of your football program gives the rest of us hope. Money still can't buy greatness, lol.
Its the Mark Richt effect right?
Just replay this with last nights game included😂
Don't give in now guys!!! Don't open your hearts to hope yet! Clemson win was great, but we still have Bama to get through.
Starting to feel some hope after beating Clemson!!!
The South Carolina part is so true it hurts
Here after they beat Clemson
Hope is on Georgia once again lol
I had to come back to this after Georgia beat Clemson.
As a Georgia fan, I can FULLY relate 😂😂😂
Georgia could be up by 100 in the 4th and I still wouldn’t have hope
His expression is priceless
yep,true
OMG, they need to do this for the NFL.
This is so perfect.  100% on capturing pure, unadulterated Truth
This SEC short is brought to you by a big ten quarterback.
Gilbert left and she got sprayed again.
How do Florida fans deal with hope? We watch our team throw a shoe at it! 😭🤦‍♀️😭👿
If UGA never wins another championship, then I will die a happy man.
It's taking the bite at the end while spraying once more that puts this over the top for me. So well done.
Might want to double check those credits, pretty sure his name is ERIC Hall not Erica...
I just placed a bet on the Bulldogs to win it all after this. (Geaux Tigers)
As a Florida fan, and they mention UGA's weak schedule, I could only think, "We drew Alabama and we always play LSU". Ugh.
And right on cue Arick Gilbert is away from the team. Prime example of what the video is about
As a Sooners fan, you're not the only ones who were burned by hope in 2017...
OMFG YESSSSS,  As a Georgia fan !!!
Next tear down Sanford Stadium and turn that place into a parking lot.
Go Dawgs.... but...... yea.
I'm a TN fan. Stop whining.
This is exactly how I feel. We have had loaded teams and choked. Just can’t get excited yet.
To Hell With Georgia!
This is so true
True, so true! LOL!!!!!!
Facts
I don't know what's *more* Georgian than that 'agaeign....and agaeign...' 😂😂😂🤣🤣
She’s absolutely awesome KEEP HER
This physically hurt me on so many levels but it also was v therapeutic… so thanks for the laugh haha. Need to pull this up when we do lose to a random non-bowl eligible GT or SC
not gonna lie this is accurate af
Them Bull Dogs got Clemson the 1st game this year too. Make’m or break’m   Tiger Nation 😹😹🐯🐅
As an Aggie, this sums up me watching the 2019 Sugar Bowl.
No pretty ladies were harmed in the making of this video.
Go gamecocks
I thought he was going to spray some of that on his sandwich and take a bite at the end for sure.
because UGA sucks
But this season 😏
kirby smart the best at making 5 stars into 2 stars
Brilliant.  Love it.
Imagine how us Texas fans feel lol “Texas is back” hype every damn offseason only to lose consecutively to Maryland or tcu  (Update after Arkansas game… fucking every year 😂)
That was brutal. RTR
Good ole South Carolina playing the spoiler. 😂😂😂
Never forget...#1980FOREVER
Go Gamecocks
Double thumbs up.
Kirby Richt is always good for a loss or 2
Yep no Hope in 2018.....that's the year Bevo scared your little dog.
This video SPOKE to the SOOOOUL of DawgNation.
Georgiaing is a thing, y'all.
The only bad part about the video, portraying the abuse of poor Hannah . :D
What about the Hoosiers I think we deserve to pepper spray hope the pinstripe bowl vs duke refs forget goal posts go up for infinity, 2019 bowl game Tennessee gets scary wr back in the second half at a not so neutral site. 2020 vs Ohio st the comeback that was so close but fate needed osu to win to meet that six game minimum, big ten championship big ten leaders decide to overturn six game minimum rule just so osu can murder northwestern, same week iu can’t beat Purdue due to COVID spikes, 2020 bowl game lane kiffen is drawing offensive plays on the sideline in which are impossible to guess.
Hannah needs a role in every video. She's fantastic.
Yep this is what being a dawgs fan hopefully we can pull of the impossible this year
Do a VANDY Skit where they get HAPPY that they will WIN 2 Games next SEASON !!!
Best Video Ever!!!!
As a Georgia fan I totally agree with this video
Funny but get crybaby kirk off the video!
They should have mentioned the loss to Vandy.
This was the best one yet 🤣
Losing to non bowl eligible team.....So true.  South Carolina has been that team for whatever reason.
Being a UGA fan is synonymous to being a Dallas Cowboys fan.  Your team wins just enough games to not fire their coach, but doesn’t win the right games every year to finally make it to the championship game.  I’m calling it now.  UGA will lose to Kentucky this coming football season.   I just have that feeling.
SEC Shorts love Sandwiches.
Curse you Mark Richt...
As a GA sports fan ... I feel this on ALL levels
Lose to Flordia
You could say that for many other Georgia sport teams, ask the Brave or the Falcons.
It was how he mercilessly maced her.... Again and again and again.... While not even changing his expression once that had me in tears..... Both for its accuracy (sad tears) and the hilarity (sad/happy tears). .
This fits Michigan fans too. In our case; however, we have 0 hope. We have constantly gotten worse as Harbaugh has continued to be our head coach.
This was a great script and the comedic timing was perfect. This was a master class in how to do a family friendly funny sketch.
Just don’t try to get some with her if u win it all 🤣🤣
2 or more losses every year since 2002 🤣
Whenever he raised his arm to spray her I don’t know why but I expected him to pull out a glock and smoke her😭 I was like Holy Crap until the can came up😂
as an georgia fan.....this might be the most accurate "shorts" yet! Great job!
UGA will beat Clemson, proclaim themselves #1 then drop 2 games...its in their blood
#unclelou #loutube
That was the smallest bite ever
This is my life 🤦🏾‍♂️🤷🏾Gooooo Dawgs Sic Em
This is the Hogs to a slight degree.
Hilarious and should be how the delusional GA fans should feel but they are a different breed.  They think they will win a NCS every August
If they have any hope left it will be crushed in week one.
You could honestly replace Georgia with Texas in this video and there won’t be a bit of difference
Is it next year already??
I bust out laughing every time at his face at 1:10 and 2:09.
I'm an Oklahoma fan. I get it.
Spray her two more times for me for the early 80s.
Miss State fans: *Wut is hope?*
There is no other more frustrated fanbase than UGA fans.....except maybe Dallas Cowboys fans.
I’m a hard Georgia Bulldog fan and this was hilarious! The totally nonchalant spray is amazing haha.
Even as an Alabama fan I’d like for my uncles to see one UGA NC team. I’m tired of the hate for Alabama they have, we aint even rivals! 😂
I can't wait to see Clemson run Kendrick into the ground
Wow an abusive relationship...as Bama fan I feel laughter at you UGA fans
Don't worry..Clemson will end UGa's "Hope" early and they can look forward to next year or when the Playoffs expand to 12 teams.
Not to mention if Auburn was in the east like they should be 2017 national title game never would have happened
Its the hope that kills you
Spot. On.
*nods and cries.
Lol. I swear I heard emperor palpatine saying do it right before the last spray of pepper spray. Awesome job y’all. Keep it up
We Tennessee fans killed Hope and buried her with Hoffa.   Except that one fan friend you have that tweets “feels like ‘98” at every opportunity.
U gonna lose to Kentucky
was this for Georgia fans or Auburn fans?
But you already know when its almost football season, UGA will get back with hope once again like its "pink - Hot n Cold" 😂
This channel is literally one of the best things on YouTube. These absolutely never disappoint.
I'm a georgia fan, but it's sooooo true.
This is is essentially my attitude as a Dallas cowboys fan
So Florida wasn't any hope 😕
Uga makes the playoff this is are year go Dawgs
That’s so accurate it’s scary
This is so Nebraska circa 1990
Nailed it..
I would much rather be a Georgia fan Georgia has accomplished so much under Kirby smart. But imagine if I stuck with Alabama I wouldn't be in this misery I am in now.
If Oklahoma Sooners would have had an actual good defense in 2018 Georgia would’ve lost Georgia had a fantastic defense and offense and could barely fight off the Sooners offense in double overtime
Um excuse me as a Florida fan they must get past us first before they get to lose to Alabama in the sec championship game. Remember this year, we beat them so we had the honor of losing to Alabama in stupid fashion at the sec championship game.
To be fair to Georgia... they probably won't lose to an unranked South Carolina this time. 👍🏻  Unranked Missouri or Auburn however... 😶
Lord Saban.    I'mma use this as I've played out Nick Satan.
Because 1980
The true genius in SEC shorts lies in the fact that they insult you and you laugh.
Josh does like those Auburn girls.....LOL
Oh Puuuuulleeeeease.  Georgia fans have nuthin on Penn State fans.
Muschamp will destroy your program from the inside out, like a rot taking hold deep in your belly. Just ask Florida and South Carolina.
As a lifetime UGA fan, you guys could not have nailed this more correctly… I absolutely love it.
As a Georgia Tech fan, let me say how surprised I am to see so many literate dawg fans here - it's like seeing a herd of unicorns.  Also, my football hope is always wrapped up in getting to see U(sic)GA's season ruined every year.
That also is my feelings towards my last girlfriend who burned me so badly.
that plus the atl professional luck… go dawgs…
So... who’s the girl?
burst that bubble now and get it over with
Yes Georgia Bulldogs first game of the season Clemson good luck
Go Gamecocks!
Her eyes.     Ouch!
THEY'RE ON TO US
As a Georgia fan, I find this video sickening, depressing, tragic, and absolutely brilliant.
Get ready. Because 2021 won’t be any different.
I want one of those sandwiches
As a Georgia fan, this is the TRUTH... Pepper Spray isn't strong enough following 2017, he need a tire iron..
Sad because it’s true. 😭😢🥺😩
I feel the same way as a Utah fan.
Kentucky gonna crush your dreams
Y’all are just mean.  LOL. It’s amazing the accuracy SEC shorts shows in understanding the SEC fanbase and histories.
All aboard....get on the annual Georgia football pre-season hype train. Destination the National Championship but guaranteed to derail one or two times and never arrive.
Accurate… it hurts it’s so accurate
You should  have done that for Arkansas  in 2019
41 dislikes, the same amount as the years since UGA’s last championship
Now do one for Nebraska where she isn't in the skit at all.
Sad but true 😂😂😂
Yep... something always happens
More like Georgia sports teams in general
Perfect description of UGA fans. UGA fans we feel your pain. tired of Alabama
UGA has not had this clear of a path to a national title in a long time.   It’s got to be hard to relax and enjoy a season when you’ve been burned as many times as they have been.
I'm a fan of a non-Ohio State Big 10 team. I would love for hope to visit just once, even if its just a one night stand. Instead we're stuck with the much uglier reality day after day after day.
It’s so much fun to watch the Mutt fans step off a curb in front of a truck going 80 MPH year after year after year after year.  Clemson slaps them and they blow another one somewhere else, guaranteed. #1980
Ahh, they thought they were Bama East. So cute.
I felt this on a spiritual level.
Poor Dawgs are always a bridesmaid football team
Don't forget the beat-down Florida gave UGA last season with a two-star back-up QB, zero running game, and the worst Gator defense since the 1996 Fiesta Bowl.
True...story. True true true story. And with that, Go Dawgs!  ❤️🖤❤️🖤
when kirby had the lead in NC and then choked it up against a backup qb and then refused to play Jalen when he was clearly the better qb? He just isn't who we thought he was. can recruit with saban just can't coach with him.
C'mon Georgia fans, this is your year. You have recruited more 4 and 5 star recruits over the last 4 years short of Alabama.  Clemson is breaking in a new QB and replacing more starters than you on opening day. Your cross over games are cream puffs. You just gotta beat Florida and you will. Then, Alabama in the SEC title game with a completely revamped offense. This is your year!👍🏾
as a georgia fan myself, i can only laugh at how accurate this is
And I thought I had it bad as a Sooner fan
She’s so hot
XD. That's what I keep trying to tell all my dawg friends. It isn't that you shouldn't have won, no matter the coach. Its that you can't. XD Hey but on a positive note at least you haven't thrown a shoe yet.
You have gone through some pain to pepper spray a person while eating a sandwich that calmly.....
Never seen a more true video. My cousin called me all hyped the other day about the transfers. I responded by asking him “Is Kirby still our coach? Is saban still at Alabama? Every year is our year until it isn’t...”   Go dawgs
Walmart bread...excellent choice. Lol
The pain and embarrassment of being a Georgia fan, wrapped up in a nice 2 minute video. 🔵🐊🟠
Glad Auburn fan experience isn't the only emotional rollercoaster.
Hope is now medically blind.
This could be for all sports in the state of Georgia. Heartbreak central.
Bama ruins everything😂😥
Hope is a mess but so hot with her party makeup smeared...
Seriously, they should get a restraining order against Hope.
Must've watched this a half-dozen times, still cracks me up!  Well done, and RTR!
Hope is a floozy. Gator fans know this to well.
I liked the first 2:13!
Close your eyes and imagine being a 40 year old Georgia fan and witnessing all your closest next door enemies winning championships, Tennessee Florida Georgia Tech Clemson Auburn and Alabama...I rest my case
Hope is NOT a strategy.
Forget it Georgia Bulldog fans, hope and her friends ( in the video) probably live in downtown Birmingham.      They were just teasing you , if you want to get better,  practice, practice,  practice.      PS. A rabbits foot wouldn't hurt.
To quote Ted Lasso: “It’s the hope that kills you.”
Georgia never giving Hershel Walker a statue after  he gave UGA a Heisman and Natty 30+ years ago is bad ju ju
Go GAMECOCKS !!!
Be interesting to see if jt Daniels can play well against actual good teams as we didn’t get to see him play Florida or Bama .  Everyone else they played last year didn’t even have the talent level to compete with them Smfh .  We shall see but I wouldn’t get to excited if I was a Georgia fan and thankfully I’m not .  Bama will be Bama ,  Texas a and m had a surprise good year and should be improved this season.  LSU was looking like a more competent team at the end of last year and Florida is still a team Georgia Beats 1/10th of the time they meet in 3 plus decades and counting .  That’s just the sec 🤣🤣🤣 don’t get me started on the teams that will most likely be better than georgia not even in the conference
Y'all need to quit whining. Georgia competes for the SEC championship every year. Just because you dont win the national championship 6 years in a row doesn't mean your program is hopeless. I mean, look at Vanderbilt. You could be a Vandy fan. Lifes not so bad.
This. Is. Reality.
The Arkansas fan. The Arkansas baseball fan... says talk to the hand.
This is amazing,
This is so true. We get hurt everytime. When were supposed to go to the Natty. Then something stupid comes out
This is how it is being an OU fan too smh
GO HOOSIERS!!!!
Love videos MINUS Kirk Herbsreet at the end.
she is the best
Hope is a dangerous thing and really difficult to make look bad
See...this is why I'm glad I'm a lifelong Razorback fan....Hope doesn't waste time griefing us anymore...she set her sites on bigger fish like our good friend Georgia.
Where can I buy that spray can?
She should be a Disney character....
you gotta be lucky and great.  georgia has not been lucky enough or great enough.  they also dont cheat well enough (auburn & fsu)
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣petty
You should do one on Arkansas baseball winning 1st SR game 25-2 then losing the next 2 games.
Hope should be a Broadway actress!
Georgia gets in its own way.   It's like they can win natties but something deep inside them doesn't really want to / is afraid to.
My soul........ it hurts
That one stings at a gamecock but it’s still facts
Or the unrealistic fan who sees a 3 loss Georgia team going into week eight and says we can still make the SEC championship face Alabama again and play for the National title all we have to do is win out have Florida and Tennessee lose, South Carolina and Vanderbilt to tie, Oregon to lose to Clemson even though they don't play each other.  USC to lose to UCLA, Oklahoma tie Baylor and Texas then tie again in the Big 12 championship game. Ohio state beat Michigan but lose to Purdue and have Illinois beat Ohio state in the Big 10 championship game.  It can happen.
This mabey funny for other fan bases but this is true I have no room for hope right now just expectation for the up coming season.
As an Illinois fan Hope comes a long once every blue moon and say to our selves "mabey this program really is turning around" then she takes everything and leaves us to wander through 10 loss seasons for and undisclosed amount of time
Not to mention that the 2004 UGA team lost their #1 preseason ranking by beating Georgia Southern, who IIRC led at halftime in the season opener.
Ouch, Gooo Dawgs!
Y’all should have made the video 2:26 long it would have been perfect
I don’t want to watch this, but I am
As someone who bleeds red and black, this hit me in my soul. Too true.
Hey why do I relate to this as an Oregon fan
Then you get to add the Falcons and the Braves to the mix as well. Hell, the Hawks have just pulled off two insane comebacks in their series against Philadelphia and I’m still expecting disappointment somewhere along the line. Existence is pain.
This is the best on point video for all of us UGA fans.
Go Cocks!
SEC Shorts perfectly portrayed how the majority of us in the SEC view UGA...  No offense UGA, but I'm sure hearing "1980" constantly stings a bit.
I feel for you guys... Clemson fan here via USC “The real one in California” Game is gonna be a barn burner!  Gave up on SC when they went through the Kiffin/Sark era. Moved to Texas to get away from all the Libtatds in Cali and found Clemson. I scratch my head every year when it comes to Georgia.. how did you let Fields get away? Fromm or whatever his name is, was a big reason you lost so much! Good luck🙏
Harsh reality.  This does flip the script on UGA fans : they used to known as being delusionally optimistic.
Love the banter
I live in Atlanta, so I’m not an outsider saying this- no team has produced more NFL talent over the past 20 years with so few championships to show for it….it’s numbing. UGA has the talent to compete with anyone, they just don’t win the big ones…😔
As a matured UGA fan, this is too relatable. Going into 2021 Grade school me would be so hyped and determined that this is the year. But older and current me is in a state of limbo where it’s like we’ll just see what happens
As a Georgia fan I’ll have all the hope I need if they win the first game next season.
With the highest recruiting budget in the nation by millions and Kirby handing out Chick-fil-A bags of money to recruits, it’s easy to loose hope we still haven’t won a national championship.
Yup…
And yet here I am yelling, "GO DAWGS!!!" 🙂🙂
They also start the season against durag Jesus and Clemson.
Well if Georgia is on par with Auburn it took Auburn 53 years  in between national championships . So that means Georgia has  12 years to go  :  D
I think Vince Dooley hit a gypsy with his car on the way home from the Heisman ceremony
These people should have their own sketch comedy show. Just great acting. Great writing.
Forget Bama, I'm afraid for Georgia Bulldog fans  if the UAB BLAZERS pull off the upset on 09/11/21.      Hey, it could happen. Just saying,  Goooooooooo BLAZERS.
Funny because it's true.
The real reason why i have no hope is because of Alabama fans being bullys. I live in bama and you have no idea what kind of abuse I deal with.... or any UGA fan that lives here... I'm sure bama fans deal with the same at UGA but my experiences along with other UGA fans I know Is unreal and brutal. I hope we finally do win it all this year just so we don't have to deal with another year of bullying (even though we probably will anyway....)
Football going to be here before you know it!!!!
And this goes for any team based in this god forsaken state. Idk what we did but the sports God freaking hates us.
As a lifetime Georgia fan, I feel the pain.
"Random South Carolina team beating Georgia and ruining their season"  *Oklahoma stares violently at Kansas State*   Everyone stares at *Army*
Georgia never the bride, always the bridesmaid.
Don't worry Georgia fans, it's your year this year! Just like it's Tennessees year also lol.
It's the HOPE that kills ya!
This is literally Yankees fans every year
South Carolina has a new coach no way do the bulldogs loose that game ha ha ha ha ha
As a Tiger fan I watched poor Georgia blow it so many times that I even feel for them. Beat Bama in the Iron Bowl and get the target off your back. Geaux LSU!
Georgia had the #1 recruiting team... In the SEC East. But in the nation? Um, Alabama's 2021 class is the highest rated, ever. https://247sports.com/Season/2021-Football/CompositeTeamRankings/ https://n.rivals.com/team_rankings/2021/all-teams/Football http://insider.espn.com/college-sports/football/recruiting/classrankings/_/class2021  #Factcheck  That being said, even as a Bama fan I recognize the crushing disappointment Georgia fans must experience. Your day will come. Could be this year, but I hope not.
Hope is if They bring Mark Richt back as HC
This could work for the Dallas Cowboys too
Me as a Gators Fan: “We’re finally catching up with Georgia.”  Also me as a Gators Fan: “Please don’t let us lose to USF!!”  Also me as a Gators Fan: “Who throws a damn shoe?!?!?”
Idk, that felt super personal and I dont even rep the Bulldogs except in NCAA 2010 for the Xbox 360. Jeebus.
We Oklahoma fans can empathize with the UGA fans.  Maybe we'll meet for it all in the title game this year and one of us will at least be able to appreciate the pre-season hope!
Before I became a UGA fan after moving there in 1979 and listening to the great Larry Munson I had grown up as a Tennessee fan and while things could have been better since 1980 with some ups and downs I am pretty good with being a dawgs fan. We have to give Florida some payback this year and win the east and hopefully the SEC but will not be easy. Just like our chances more than the Vols or Gators.
Gamecocks > Jawja
Roll Tide Roll!!!!!
Gamecocks all day #WelcomeHome #ShaneTrain
I'm in this video and I don't like it. Go Dawgs!
Go Gamecocks!
UGA fans have no use for Hope. They embrace Certainty each year.
I “hope” you people don’t build a gladiatorum to make the college kids actually fight. Shouldn’t they be in school learning? Then there's the time, energy, resources. Football is getting a bit old.
As a Michigan fan, this is very relatable.
Easy guys you're cutting deep!
A younger brother played football at UGA. He just sighs and shakes his head.
As a Georgia fan, there is not a single lie in this video. This is so accurate, it has to makes Ken Burns jealous
Elite recruiting and like always below level coaches
The sad thing is that, a lot of Georgia fans think they have historically a better program than Alabama. Georgia has Bama swagger with Vandy's trophy case.
Please, please expand your talents to the BIG10.
As a Cincinnati Bearcat fan (who pitifully lost to Georgia last year); that Hope girl has a cousin up north named, "here we go again".
As a life long Georgia fan I concur.......Go Dawgs In 2021!!!!
Preseason ranked #1 was 2008, not 2004. We had something like 16 starters injured during preseason. We went up 38 points on Ga Southern in game one and then put in the 2009 recruits in the 2nd half and they allowed Southern to score 21 points, so the pollsters knocked us down to #2 the next week.  Of course we blew a couple of games we should have won. That was the year a terrible call was made on a long pass play that erased a long gain and caused a momentum shift in the Alabama game. We had the lead at that point but after that it was all down hill, marking a pattern of losses to Saban’s team in every game since. We dominate the first half and can’t finish. After that we got blown out by Tebow-Meyer and then blew a close game to Georgia Tech.  I think that was the year I ripped up my “Man Enough” T-shirt.   I’ve finally learned that “Hope” just leads to broken spirit and broken stuff.
As an Arkansas fan we get it, Arkansas baseball number 1 for like 8 weeks won regular season won the sec tournament. Only to lose our super regional to NC State at home after beating them 21 to 2 in the first game.
These are so great 😂
You forget the fact that Georgia has to play Clemson in the first week
as a UofSC fan, I approve
Send this  to uncle Lou!
This is true, as a Dawgs fan I’m thoroughly convinced God hates Georgia. Go Dawgs tho.
1:09 the best part. 😂😂😂
This is the true painful existence a Georgia fan goes through
THE CLOSED CAPTIONS HAVE ME DYING
This could so apply to Red Sox fans…
Sounds about right
Lord Saban has arrived!!! LOL!!!
This is how it feels to be a fan so Wisconsin sports teams for the past 10 years
What a treat for this Gators fan! Hahahaha!
I am a bama fan ( lucky for me ). I find this HILARIOUS and sooooo true. I have felt for bulldog fans for years. It’s crazy!!!
This was AMAZING!  As an Arkansas Fan I feel the same way.  Hope is a KILLER!
Meanwhile Tennessee and hope are BFFs 🤣
Nice looking sandwich. Makes me want to go to the Publix Deli.
As a MSU fan. I feel this could apply to us as well. Just with lowered expectations.
I hate yall. You brought up to many bad memories and disappointments! Lol that was a good one!
I’ll let hope ruin my year everytime...   C/O UGA 2017
JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU ALL AND HE DIED FOR YOUR SINS AND HE ROSE AGAIN AND HE’S COMING BACK ONE DAY REPENT AND HIS GRACE IS SUFFICIENT
I had a feeling that 2019 game would come up lol. Go Gamecocks!
As Gators fan, I will say this: At least Georgia’s playoff hopes have never ended because some selfish thug threw a shoe. Now THAT is pain.
this vid marks the start of the next NCAA / SEC season, so I was glad to see it !  I think GA has a great year, but the 'hope' portion of this video does enter my mind ! #SECSECSEC
Request: SEC Short directed at alma mater, South Carolina. WE can take a joke...(*and* ruin your season). You see, there really is a Chicken Curse, which the VooDoux from Baton Rouxge hexed USC with years ago. You never know when their medicine men will suspend it - temporarily.
Nothing is more true
You think it's bad being a Georgia fan, you should try being an Alabama fan! I mean, we lost two games in 2019....TWO! Bama even lost 2 of the 8 National Championship games they've played in since 2009!   Yes, I'm joking and I know we've been extremely fortunate. I'm really just making fun of the fans we have that act like the world is ending when Bama losses a couple of games.
Truth.  Nailed it.
Georgia has the best team they have had in a long time, so they're going to go 11-0 and then randomly lose to Tech in humiliating fashion.
But they do still have to play Miss St.
As a Bama fan im just gonna say sorry 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Tennessee fan here, at least Hope does show up for you now and then. 🥴
Hahah he mentioned South Carolina lol I love it
This works for all the major sport teams in the state, really. Looking at you, Hawks.
As a Georgia Fan - this SEC SHort hits the nail on the head for UGA fans!  lol
They need to do a Mississippi state or Tennessee
This video is really funny but I really wanna know what that sandwich is
Yo that hit in the feelings 😂🤣 So accurate
Georgia is like Randy Quaid in Major League every year. "This is the year we go all the way!"
Need to add me as a writer.  I would have added “expectations” and “hype” to the skit and I would have escalated his reaction to each culminating in beating hype to death with a baseball bat.  Still love the dawgs thou. #hireme
Accurate
This literally explains the entire state of Georgia teams...being in the semi is the Chip for us
Man, this video is so true but I’m a stubborn dawg
Failed to mention that the Bulldogs have to get past Clemson on Opening day in Charlotte this year...!
His shirt should have been half Georgia and half texas longhorns lmfao
Michigan is the Georgia of the big ten  But Georgia would absolutely demolish Michigan
This could also be oklahoma
so dang accurate LOL
This was amazing
MORE!!!MORE!!!MORE!!!! THANK YOU ALL WHO TAKE PART IN THIS!!!
And they didn't even mention this coming "L" for week 1...
Bwwwahahahaaaa 🥴😂  SO true, unfortunately. #GoDawgs ❤🖤
As a Texas  A&M fan, I feel this too
Lol.  UGA, the Oklahoma and Ohio St of the SEC.  Very good, but perennial runner ups.  The “just don’t quite have the toughness” to get over the hill”.
🤣🤣🤣
bruh
The funny thing is that it literally always is South Carolina too lmao
I resemble this video 😢
I was waiting for my South Carolina Gamecocks to be mentioned. You came through right at the end.
As they should
I’m sorry, but the girl in these sec shorts is the cutest woman in the world.
We say, “Yep. That’s true” now. But wait until the season is about to start, and once again the blunt force trauma of the last season seems to have faded into TBI oblivion, and who’s right there with us again? Yep. “Hope”! Ready to break hearts once more.  Go Dawgs!
Im shocked Georgia doesnt have to play any of the good sec west teams until the championship
Fact  so hard to be a sports fan in Georgia
And every atl team really
I know 2017 is more fresh but to me, 2012 still hurts the most. I felt punched in the stomach for days
Knowshon Moreno, now there's a name I haven't heard in a LONG time
According to 247 sports bama had the highest rated recruiting class of all time.
I hate that I cry when I watch this.
Lol
The problem is they will have to play either Alabama, LSU, or Texas A&M in the conference championship.
He should make a video as vol getting tempted to get on the hype train.
Go Gators!
I shouldn’t have watched that with a few beers in me….too many feelings…
Go Gamecocks!
Perfect display of Georgia. Just pure Luck they don't get Alabama or LSU.  Florida normally gets LSU.  Georgia will falter regardless.
I even feel like this as an Ohio State fan. Whenever I expect nothing they blow me away, and whenever I expect them to play well, they shoot themselves in the foot.
Meanwhile, glad to see you-know-her back again for the new season!
*spray sounds resonating Georgia announcers not being able to pronounce Tua's name before the throw* lololol! I didn't even have the subtitles on, on purpose!
My how times have changed. Now its accepted that teams would rather not play A&M. Even a team of UGA's caliber. Hunh! Whadda ya know!
As a Florida fan, Georgia will win the national championship
These dudes simply don’t miss
True. Georgia fan for 45+ years. Can’t let Hope mislead us, haha
Even the past 15 months couldn't affect the perennial plight of the UGA fan...  *Step 1:* Win respectable bowl game *Step 2:* Sign an incredible recruiting class *Step 3:* Bask in the media's relentless offseason campaign of proclaiming this year finally being THE YEAR for Georgia *Step 4:* Be gifted with even more future NFL draft picks by way of the transfer portal *Step 5:* Do the one thing you swore you'd never do again, but do it anyway after salivating over a light SEC West division opponent slate with your star QB who'll be returning— DECLARE THE INEVITABLE DEMISE OF ALABAMA AT THE HANDS OF YOUR BULLDOGS *Step 6:* Repeat step 3; bask in even more praise from the national media as they continue to declare that this is Georgia's year *Step 7:* Regular season begins ⭐ *BONUS STEP:* ⭐ Watch your beloved Braves choke in October. Again. *Step 8:* Watch, in thoroughly soul crushing horror as the one thing you swore you'd never do once again comes back to bite you in the ass—   WATCH ALABAMA WIN THE SEC TITLE. AGAIN. *Step 9:* Go to another respectable bowl game *Step 10:* Repeat steps 1-9  You could practically set your clock to it. This is the neverending purgatory known as Georgia football. Woof. Woof.... woof... (sighs)
Truth...GO DAWGS!!!
They videos are so much more enjoyable when it’s someone else’s truth..
Go dawgs tho 😂🙈
That's about right but still GO DAWGS
Not a UGA fan, but man this is hilarious. I can’t help but think at some point they win it all. Probably! Maybe!?
Accurate but GOSH I hope we get the natty this year! GO DAWGS.
Aw man the truth burns still gonna watch every game tho lol
Thank you. Y'all have so much insight into each and every program.
1:23 had me dying. Of laughter b/c I'm an Alabama fan and that is when we got our respect back.
SEC Shorts. Another classic video. Is just me or does Hope still looks hot even after multiple shots of mace to the face.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Very accurate 🤣
This is a true story and was filmed live.
I didn’t realize when Charles Schultz wrote about Charlie Brown and Lucy with a football he would be laying the groundwork for my beloved UGA Dawgs.
At least LSU has better hope than Georgia does.🤷🏽‍♂️ GEAUX TIGERS 🐯
Don't forget you star the season with a loss to Clemson.
Spot on theme. And killer make up on Hope btw
I can’t believe you have crybaby Kirk doing promos!!!
When you buy a Georgia fan shirt, if you lift up the tag and look near the bottom, it says, "Abandon hope all ye who enter here."
I’ve learned to believe every game will be a loss. Until I see that W.  It kind of helps
That's pretty funny, a bit harsh for Georgia folks . You can't help but feel sorry for Georgia folks, they get so close every year and then somewhere in the season  BAM  it falls apart, but at least you Georgia folks don't have to live through what us Ole Miss fans have to live through no natty title since 1962 we finally get a great coach and a cell phone does him in, but with Kiffin (if we can keep him) maybe something to look forward to in the future.
Don't complain too much, Georgia fans. At least you have hope and potential. Imagine what it must be like for a Vanderbilt fan - knowing that every new season brings the potential for another 8 losses. Or worse.
Sec shorts has so much honesty is these videos
He’s right  about 17 18 n 07 n 08 season n 12   Which
Never misses
I love the expression Josh gives before pepper spraying Hannah 😂😂😂
Hannah is back.....YES !!!!
Number one class?   NOT!
Yup pretty much......oh well   GO DAWGS !!!
😅😅😅😅😅 sounds just like what a Georgia fan would do...
I’m glad he mentioned 2007
Lmao!!!
As a Georgia fan so true!😭🤣
Hey now thats not really fair..... Sometimes we are barely bowl eligible
You know he has a point about South Carolina. The Gamecocks can be absolute dog water and still have a high chance of ruining somebody's season.
As a Georgia fan I need a family size bottle of pepper spray lol. But anyways Go Dawgs
Usually love these skits, but this one is WAY OFF!!! First 2018 we lost to the refs... not Bama!!! We would have been easily undefeated last year had JT Daniels been healthy for more than 4 games (we "were" beating Bama with Stetson). That & we lost 11... ELEVEN starters to injury during the game at UK the week before we played Florida (It became 12 starters later that same night when LeCounte crashed his motorcycle when we got back to Athens). Kirby had to learn how to build a coaching staff, & has finally assembled a complete group of elite coaches (especially at OC which us where UGA's biggest struggle has been since Kirby was hired). To compare, Kirby has had to learn on the job as a 1st time HC, Saban had YEARS of experience  as a HC & how to hire the right people when he got to Bama. Both of their 1st 5 years as a HC... Kibry has outperformed on EVERY LEVEL; win %, recruiting, & wins vs. ranked opponents. UGA's biggest hurdle will be beating Clemson week one with an (almost) all new secondary. But win or lose that game, UGA still wins the East & SEC this year... PERIOD!!! We'll probably have to beat Bama twice, just like the 17-18 season, Bama will most likely get into the playoff even WHEN they lose the SEC Championship. Playoff: UGA, OU, Ohio St., & then it will probably end up with Clemson (or vice-versa with Ohio St.) getting snubbed so the committee can put Lord Saban in the playoff. But UGA fans have ALL THE HOPE,  and they should be! UGA is LOADED FOR YEARS TO COME, & have the current #1 class for 22' & 23'.
🤣🤣🤣 yep. Definitely a good representation of being a Dawgs fan!
Love it
Come on over to the plains Hope. We love roller coasters. War Eagle
UGA gonna really hate playing South Carolina now with Beamer leading things, nobody is prepared for what is coming.
Preach on brother, I feel the same pain each and every year!
"And yes, Ill probably watch every game". Yup
I hope Uncle Louser sees this.  Over 40 years and counting since your last NC.  Georgia always so close, yet so far.  Roll Tide!!!!!!!
At least the dawgs made it to the College World Series for the third time in a row! THE MISSISSIPPI STATE DAWGS THAT IS!!! HAIL STATE!
Painfully accurate 😭
Let's go random non-bowl eligible South Carolina team.  In other words, Go Gamecocks!
Oh well Alabama should have a great football team since that sorry state doesn't have what it takes to have ANY pro sports teams in that crappy state.
I love this being a South Carolina fan😂😂😂😅
If they didn’t hit this 1 on the head with the historical pain 🤦🏿‍♂️
That's a picture of learned helplessness.
YESSSSS!! This is absolutely TRUE!!! My heart has been broken so many times by my Bulldogs I can't even begin to have HOPE.
Yes. And Go Dawgs!
Georgia truly is the Michigan of the sec
They need a follow up to this by the end of the year
it can't hurt if you never feel anything
That girl just can't look ugly no matter what
7-time defending OFFSEASON champions...your....georgia bulldogs.
🤣🤣🤣💀💀💀
These shorts are about the best thing on YouTube
As a Georgia fan....this is fact.
Being a Georgia fan comes with free bi-polar syndrome. Go Dawgs.
Have they actually met a UGA fan?  They are insufferable about their chances until they inevitably squander it, then they won’t shut up about the SEC being better than other conferences like it makes any difference since their team always chokes. 😂
it can only be explained by bad coaching
C'mon now.  It's not like the Georgia fans have been burned by their NFL team.
My catch phase has always been "there's always next year"
That may be one of the best ones yet.
They always do such a good job.
As a Mississippi State fan. We’ll take her 😂
Kinda of ironic Hirk Kurbstreet is at the end, considering he single handedly kept us out of the national championship game in 2007 with his college game day final address, Georgia was number 4, number 2 and number 3 get knocked off the last weekend of the season and we get jumped by two teams. Fucking Toad!
As a Tennessee fan, I don’t why but when hope knocks on our door we open in a heartbeat😂
We ain't losing to south carolina
Hannah has added a whole new dimension to these vignettes.
This was amazing 😂
This was perfect.  Setting the bar low at the beginning helps us UGA fans savor what we do actually pull off.
41-24  RT
SEC shorts are brilliant, funny,, and sometimes a little too accurate. I’ve been a .Georgia fan for 6 decades, and I still hug hope.
I'd really like a poboy now
As a Georgia fan, I approve this message!
As a Georgia fan I have a lot of sadness every single year
Beautifully painfully accurate!
Pooooor hope.  Bless her heart.
Beautiful....
I'm in this video and I don't like it
I love seeing Texas A&M getting some respect. Last year's "SEC fights to get two teams into the Playoff" was epic!
Hope looking fine tho, not gonna lie
Shouldn't have been the other way around with Hope pepper-spraying Georgia? Also, It could have been worse for Hope, she couldn't appear in front of Florida.
ThankU for mentioning 2017.....again.  😁 🐘RTR🐘
Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. ... I look back on the way I was then: a young, stupid kid who thought having a preseason No. 1 ranking, or being up by two touchdowns over Bama in the 2018 SEC championship, or having Tua back at 2nd and 26 in OT would be enough. I want to talk to him. I want to try to talk some sense to him, tell him the way things are. But I can't. That kid's long gone, and this old man is all that's left. I got to live with that. So you go on and make your meaningless predictions, sonny, and stop wasting my time.
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
The actress really does a great job! Kudos :)
Big UGA Fan so true
I know the pain of that pepper spray as a Georgia fan. It stings!
As a Georgia resident that loves Kirby Smart...  Go Tide!   I mean Roll Dawgs!  Wait, ah never mind
What’s this “Hope” you speak of?(MSUPUP, asking for a friend…)
I can only imagine Mississippi State is up next.
Man y'all did georgia dirty
Don't worry Georgia Oklahoma knows your pain. Hope has bitten the fanbase but I am terrified we'll go out and lose to Kansas State... AGAIN.
EricA Hall? Inside joke?
GA fan here, and yes.
To throw icing on the cake, a lot of Georgia fans are also Falcons, Braves and Hawks fans so it just keeps on getting worse. I will continue to root for my teams but they continue to give a little hope before ripping it away with some unexplainable loss.
Go Dawgs
As a young Georgia fan whose farthest memory was being 5 yards away from beating Bama in the SEC championship and crushing an (at this point predictably) overrated Notre Dame in the natty in 2012, I still haven’t lost all hope for this season. Just most of it.
As an Aggie, I can't tell you how satisfying it is to be included in the list of SEC West teams to be feared.  That being said, our relationship with hope is not all that different from Georgia's.
Hilarious! And so true. Go Dawgs!
Painfully... accurate.
This message could go for any sports fan in the state of Georgia, collegiately and professionally 😂
Accurate.
He was talking about Clemson 🤣
Bama had the number 1 ranked recruiting class. The highest ranked class of time.
All I can say is THANK YOU!!!
Yes Yes...this is what I've been arguing with GA fans aboit..wow.. I knew I wasn't crazy
As an Alabama fan, I laughed a little too hard.  Also as an Alabama fan remembering all of those games against Georgia, I cringed every second of every game...
This hurts because it’s true
Now this was funny- much better and welcome back shorts-  your creative and real humor is always refreshing.  #GatorNation
And you drew Clemson at a neutral site to open the season. 🤷‍♂️
😭
Heart been broke so many times I don’t know what to believe 💔
Pain
UAB Blazer fan here ,we play Georgia on September 11th . We may stand a chance , no matter for us it will always be goooooooo Blazers. Never talk down your team NEVER !!!!
Sadly, as a Georgia fan, I cannot argue anything  stated in this video…
yep, too true
Thwg
Lord Saban arrived! RTR
There ain't a Georgia fan in the world that wont feel this video deep down in the darkest bowels of their destroyed soul.
PMSL, uga, doing less with more  since 1980... great stuff!!!🤣🤣🤣
Please tell me I'm not the only one who daydreams about one of our guys somehow making an interception on that 2nd and 26 play in the Natty. Or, or, what if we had scored a TD in that first OT instead of a field goal. So then Tua still makes the throw for the TD BUT Lorenzo breaks through AGAIN and blocks the extra point. I can see it now! And then I have to return to reality. And I am dead inside.
I’m dying! So funny and I’m not a UGA fan.
Actually the stuff Hope is saying is what Georgia fans say. Preseason champs.
As a Georgia fan, I can say this is absolutely 100% factual. I'm also a Braves fan and a Falcons fan so I like to get my suffering from multiple sources.
1980 Wou.   Wait. Wrong comment section.
No comedy team does it better.
Auburn fans: first time?
She deserves an Emmy/Oscar/whatever the best award is. Great vid👍👍
I would say do this for Arkansas and our sport programs but it would be so depressing people would require drug therapy.
This is so incredibly personally true for all of Dawg nation. We’re preparing ourself for another year of heart break.  I guess in the hopes if we do win a natty it’ll be all the more sweet?
Ole Miss fan sitting here waiting for my turn to be roasted.
You're giving us too much credit. And yet... and yet... GO DAWGS!
Because Restraining Orders don't work on Hope.
These videos couldn't be more accurate! Lol
no no no this applies to all of georgia sports nfl ncaa nba mlb all of it
Bahahahaha!!! I almost fell bad for laughing considering one of my best friends is a die-hard Georgia fan and Kirby is kinda a junk... but Roll Tide anyhow!!! 😂🤣😂🤣
😂😂😂😂 go gamecocks
Uncle Lou.. yall have no hope 🤣
As a Georgia fan: Yep. This video is it. 100%. Nail on the head. Couldn't be more accurate.
So UGA 2 losses again and a 3 point win vs a lol g5 team?
Nailed it! Roll Tide Roll!
Appreciate the 2008, 2012, 2017, and 2018 mentions. Alabama is the reason Ga hates Hope as of late 😎
A terrible Notre Dame team? 12-1 with wins over final poll #7, #15 and #25. Hahahahaha yea real terrible.
I have to say, when you guys did the Auburn fan experience, I thought to myself that they could do the same thing for Georgia football because they had been so close three times and got snakebit by Bama.  Thanks for stepping up to the plate and making this happen 😂
Number 1 in recruiting when?
This is how I know you’re really a Dawg fan. I wasn’t sure before but this clinches it.   Go dawgs 😞
That can ain’t big enough! Just please beat the gators Kirby....
Lol
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 BUT GEORGIA WILL GO 15-0 AND WIN THE NATTY
Hope is hawt ah
We could use a little hope at the University of Houston.  You are welcome anytime.
Georgia. Where 1980 never goes out of style.  Why doesn’t Kirby just give Herschel Walker the ball ???!!!
Well Georgia fans look at the bright side of it there is no bright side you'll probably have to play Alabama in the championship and get your ass kicked again Row tide row
😂😂😂😂
As a Georgia I can confirm this #GoDawgs
South Carolina: what i can you say, Giant killer one week loses to the bye week the next always hate playing them
As a Georgia fan this is spot on. It's like "ground hog"  day every season.
Bama fans replaced hope with expectation, shes not as cute but she won't rip your heart out and stomp on it.
It's bad enough being a Georgia fan, but it's even worse as a Falcons fan....
Surprised they didn't bring in the Braves and Falcons recent history as well.
By believing all the hype the hear about their team.🤣
Now I am angry!  Hope is a hottie and funny.
I should not have laughed at this as hard as I did, but Damn that's funny.
As a die hard Dawg fan and alumni, this is pretty accurate
🤣🤣 This made me roll. Every yr Ga fans say, "this is gonna be the yr". 🤣 Roll Tide y'all!
You can binge watch this short. It's that good.
1900 likes, 4 dislikes  Those 4 are SC fans.
My heart got filled with joy when I saw y’all uploaded a new video!
I bleed red n black...and this may as well be a documentary rather than a comedy skit of life as a Dawg fan.
As Morgan Freeman said in Shawshank Redemption, ""Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of the things." We Dawgs fans can rest well with that statement.
Georgia fans are still full of themselves. Bama will crush them in the SEC Championship game and whatever playoff horse$h!t espn comes up with!
As a Georgia fan I hate how accurate this and all the others are 😂
Should have named the spray "Rat Poison"
Looks like Snead has lost some weight and is shaping up, way to go!
Poor Wou... RTR!
Sad but true!!!!!!!! 🤷🏾‍♂️ Georgia had Bama beat so many times I’ve lost count and they’ve yet to beat Saban’s mediocre squads!!!!!! The man put in his freshman third string players and beat them to win a Natty!!!!!! 😂🤣😂🤣
How bout them Gamecocks 🤣🤣🤣🐔🐔🐔🐔
Brutal
As a UGA fan.....This is true....Sad....But True !
Hope is pretty sexy.
Anyone up for a list of schools with more recent national championships than Georgia? Rivals like Florida and Georgia Tech, blue bloods now in hard times like Tennessee and Nebraska, and even some randos like BYU and Colorado. It's a good time, unless you're a Bulldog fan.
This channel should have way more subs! Definitely the best sports comedy channel on the tubes!
Me, a Georgia fan, out loud: "Yes, exactly!"  Also me, a Georgia fan, silently: "I am dead inside."
Georgia fan: To Hell with Hope Also Georgia fan: Natty SZN  Go Dawgs!
SEC shorts back!!! Getting close to season kids!
I hate how accurate this is lmao
This was awesome.  You guys just keep churning out hilarious videos.
Hannah gonna smell like a frat bro for weeks after that dousing with AXE! LOL! Great stuff as always!
GET OUT OF MY HEAD!!!
2012 left me clinically depressed for a week.   losing on a compete pass.
Very similar to how is Arkansas fans felt after Friday then Sunday.
Nailed it! Exactly how I feel! Still a Dawg for life! GO DAWGS!!
Oh man... it's so true I can't even say it hurts.  It just is what it is. Oh, and you should've mentioned how most Georgia fans are also Falcons and Braves fans, too.
Every year! Wait ‘til next year.
I feel this pain as an Auburn fan
Well Georgia has learned not to choke on that sandwich.
As a Georgia fan I always live by the motto: “There is always next year.” I am thankful for next years.
As a life long (since 1968 at least) Georgia Bulldogs fan, I would have to say that THIS . . . . THIS . . . . is what it's like to be a Dawg. The Pessimist's Motto: Expect the worst and you'll never be disappointed.
you got that right so awesome they mention just how close we got so many times to a natty its really unfair we havent won one its really a curse and s. car killed us so many times or vanderbilt or arkansas i mean the list goes on and on and of course loutube has got the knowledge
Hannah Kuykendall is reeeeeally cute.. 💘
I would love so much if there could be shorts from every conference.
My sister/her Husband and 2 of my cousins all went to UGA and I can say for a FACT that this IS the Bulldawg’s Nation mindset!!! They are DONE. 🤣🤣🤣 At this point, this is the ENTIRE state of Georgia!
As a GT alumnus/fan..."Hope" for us shows up promising a winning season this year.
Man, this short nailed it as a Dawg fan...
He ain't lying
You know your a Fat SOB when you think to yourself "Those sandwiches look good"
Isn’t this the Oklahoma fan experience????
Just beat Clemson please.
No Georgia fan is this rational
As a diehard Dawgs fan, I can't argue with this 😂😂😂
That was so funny. Well done. Hopefully some Aggies ones come in the future.
That Hope chic is just a crazy ex of mine. Soo good when things are going great but just dying to backstab me when she gets bored
Not to mention, Remember who they play week 1...
Glory glory.
So much truth in this for us Dawg fans… and it’s hilarious.
1:45, so do y’all think getting Derion Kendricks is good or something? Bc if so you will be severely disappointed
I think Hope needs a hug. I’ll save her. 😂
These guys continue to deliver.
This expresses EXACTLY how I feel going into the 2021 season
This is too true
1:48 is LSU supposed to be back this year?
The coup de grace would have been choking on your sandwich.
Closed captioning of first pepper spray: "*spray sound resonating Georgia announcers not being able to pronounce Tua's name before the throw*".....and now I'm trying to imagine Larry Munson saying Tua's last name......
He just happened to have mace in broad daylight. Epic!
😂 every video 😂
Facts!
As a Georgia Tech fan, the majority of my joy during college football season is watching Georgia lose inexplicably a few times a year.  If one or two times a decade that inexplicable lose is to us, then that's enough for us.  I am a simple man, I don't require fancy national titles, or even frankly ACC titles.  Those are for schools that try.  Just a bitter taste in the mouths of Bulldogs, and we can enjoy a bowl game in a 2nd rate city in peace.
I am a displaced Bama fan in Knoxville. Hope is UT's Ex Lol. They don't even have to pepper spray her anymore............she's moved on
Hope can go fly a kite.
LOL -- Go Cocks!!!
1980
Need to play this video on the scoreboard at all games at Sanford stadium until the streak is broken….
Amen they hit it right on the spot
Nice! A Bulldogs vid!  UGA: A Legacy of Choking away Big Games
Because as soon as we have hope we lose to the yardbirds
One of my favorite games is the 2008 Blackout Game, where the Dawgs came out wearing black jerseys and then proceeded to go down 31-0 at halftime. 🤣  Scott Cochran knew they were going to do that so in practice he was yelling at the team "they're wearing black because they're going to their own fucking funeral!"  Epic. 😎
How did they get away with that schedule 😂 lucky dawgs
I feel this in my soul
#1 recruiting class didn't Alabama pull in the best rated class of all time since the 2010 Florida class
Love it when the puppies cry
This.  Truth.
Gawgah ... haha ... Big Al's beeotch
I like how Hope is wearing a gold dress and white sash.  That's a nice touch.
Georgia Tech is peaking around the corner dressed as Tyrone Biggums, I'll take some of that hope
Damn this is so true!  😂😂😂
Life long GA fan here of 35 years. This video is so accurate it scares me. GA football has taken at least 2 years off my lifespan.
The closed captioning additions are wonderful.
Maybe the best one yet!
In typical fashion, Georgia is probably going to lose to a team they're supposed to beat
Who thought THATS A BIG ASS SANDWICH 😂
This is so accurate it makes you feel like a Georgia fan watching it
Funny video, but UGA was not Preseason #1 in 2004 - they were #3 in both AP & Coaches polls and anywhere from 3 to 5 in just about all of the magazines (Athlon, Phil Steele, LIndy's, SI, etc)
1980
LMFAO good stuff 🤣
God this is so sad but true 😓
The life of a Georgia fan seems pretty bleak according to SEC Shorts.
Seems spot on to me.
ok, that was funny but haters gonna hate so I say #GFD
Accurate.
Put on a Notre Dame shirt and it's completely relatable.
True lol
I love how the pepper spray's a can of axe
As a Georgia fan this is very very true
There is hope by having a new QB. And there is honestly rebuilding your offense for proven dynamic schemes that have been built by an experienced staff that can teach them. Basically UGA in the first sentence. Tennessee in the second.  For UGA to make a step up, they need a staff that can teach the offense that is winning titles.. Monken is not that guy. He walked into last season simply throwing the ball more. No uptempo offense, no dynamic schemes. Sark, Kiffen, Heupel can teach this. Monken, i'm not sure even knows it, or could teach it. We didn't see it last season. So going on that, it looks like he's just added some more pass plays, wheel routes, hitch an goes. Kirby is entirely lost on building anything like this kind of offense, so he's hoping Monken can put together something more dynamic without really knowing what that is from Monken. Rather than talk about those things, he's just touting how great JT is(could be). So once again, UGA fans and the coach is, "hoping" Monken's offense can compete with those higher offense coaches this year.
I was hoping you would do a baseball version for Arkansas losing out
Also how it feels to be a Wisconsin sports fan.
Their back football is coming up
They always have 1980
This was so accurate it hurts...  As a lifelong Georgia fan each one of those heartbreaks he mentioned made me die a little more inside. Specifically 2012-2017 and 2018.
No truer words have been spoken. I literally just had this conversation with my husband. Georgia's problem has NEVER been lack of talent.... #GoDawgs
Fun fact: “Hope” don’t get you sh*t.
We Auburn fans deal with Hope a little differently. We taze it and pepper spray it at the same time. And if it still doesn’t leave us alone we shoot it.
If Tennessee wins the CWS can you guys make a skit on that
What's the good word!
But THIS is Georgia's year.  Or maybe NEXT year is Georgia's year.
Often tell people around me that I would like to have just ONE Georgia NC before I die
yeah, we gotta way of just crushin UGA's dreams.....
Yep, spot on. Go Dawgs!
As a georgia fan.. yes. It looks good on the surface, but deep down, I can't afford another heart break
Nail on the head. That’s exactly how we feel. HAHAHAHAHA
As a South Carolina fan, this is the happiest I've been in 6 years
Painfully accurate. I had a friend tell me after we landed Arik Gilbert and Derion Kendrick..”Y’all have no reason not to win it all now!” ….I should’ve pepper sprayed him right in his mouth..
I can’t imagine seeing this at a local park. Also, PLEASE bring back the podcast!
Cry me a fucking river.  Signed, Tennessee fan
Bama had the #1 class. Quit trippin
I JUST LOVE THE FCK OUT OF THIS CHANNEL
I know we’re no where near Georgia levels of pain, but as a UNC fan I really feel this. In FB and BB
You should do one with uk fans and have them tear down goalposts after a loss.
Well this is true
Dang Georgia fans lmao
Probably the best video you guys produced in a long time..but you should have used "rat poison" on hope rather than pepper spray
I can't watch you guys abuse Hannah like this 😳
It’s sad but true and I’m a huge Georgia fan
That is nothing. Try 35 years of pain of being an NC State football fan.
UGA sure is one ugly dawg.
I like these videos. People don’t seem very toxic in the comment section.
SEC SHORTS has nailed the Georgia / Hope experience
I hope that was a Publix sub.  Go Gators!
Since 1980
....and having Herbstreit come on for the ad makes this the perfect Georgia experience.
Brave man using the bear spray right by his sandwich!
go gamecockssssss
This has been Texas A&M’s mantra since the 80s 😂
And you dont draw Alabama, LSU or Texas A&M out of the West!!! 😂😂😂
South carolina appreciates not being the butt of the joke for 1 more week.
When we're 15 - 0....all the haters gonna be hiding
Damn, too true
LOL!  All them flavors to choose from and you pick salty huh?  Geaux Tigers!!!
So true and funny that being said go Dawgs
another UGA fan here and yes this is how it fills every... single... time... as we say in Athens there's always next year
Don’t schedule Clemson as your first game also.
As I remember you just won the national championship in 1980 with Herschel Walker.
Is that Axe Deodorant spray with "Pepper Spray" written on it? If so, it's even more dangerous.
The video captures the sentiment but not the scope. It isn't just our beloved UGA Dawgs being mistreated by the dangers of Hope. It is the Falcons (28-3), the Braves (pick a year) and the Hawks (oh, wow!  We won 2!).  God is angry with our state. He uses hope to punish us again. . .and again. . . and again.
So totally accurate for a Georgia fan.
It hurts to be a fan of Georgia based sports teams :(
I love this channel!
The core 4 is iconic ngl
lmao
Spot on!!!
As a Texas fan, I know the feeling. Pain
Georgia fans: "We are elite!"  Also Georgia fans: "The window is closed and we're due to lose to tech."
Yep, pretty much 😭😭😭
Now that’s what I call Hope Springs Eternal!
I'm a Georgia fan, and I approve this message.
As a georgia fan this is facts
As a Michigan fan, all this video needs is some Maize and Blue and they talking about me
Lol wont be my gamecocks beating Georgia this year though. We will be lucky to win 4 games, if that
😂😂😂😂
Wrong, wrong, wrong. Dawg fans love hope, it's the only thing that sustains us.
Wow...so wrong - yet so true...  Go Dawgs!
As a Clemson fan, you guys have no hope Sept 4th 😂
Go Dogs! 😆🤣😂😹 Roll Tide!😊
🤣😭🐊🐊🐊🏈🕊
You made my day again! Roll Tide
Dang this was dark
Its 100% accurate
As a Florida fan this is true for us too
Well look at the bright side, you get a non-conference Game week one with Clemson.  That probably didn’t help.
I am a Alabama fan and this may make me a bad person but i don't feel bad for georga in 2017 or 2018 😂
“Hope” might wanna invest in some safety glasses.
As a Carolina fan having muschump will probably be what hinders the dawgs this year
I won't accept Hope until we are in the championship game and up like 28-3.
Coming from a life long Bama fan... It's gotta suck getting top five recruiting classes every year and not having anything to show for it. Maybe after 2028 guys.
I felt every bit of that one! 😂😀
As a Bama fan, I did not realize that Hope did yall like that. Damn! Oh well, Roll Tide!!!!
I hate how accurate this is.
As a South Carolina fan, I took that last line personally, yet nearly sent myself into an asthma attack of laughter.
"You pull Derion Kendrick out of the transfer portal"  Who do you think Burrow and Fields went after?  🤣 Good luck Sept 4th if he starts!
Lol nice vid
Congratulations Georgia. You fired Mark Richt and hired Mark Richt with a bowl cut!
Pain
Soooooooo true. No Hope means we minimize the disappointment. Either way GO DAWGS!!!!
One minute I think their my favorites to win the SEC, then I completely forget about them
go gators. Dawgs overrated every year nothing is different
I am prepared for the inevitable as a Georgia fan
Michigan 😂
😂😂😂😂🤣 exactly how I feel as a Dawgs fan!
Preseason is all about hope, so I hope all this & a Florida loss for Georgia.
I am personally attacked by this video lol. It hurts couse its true
Wow this is Spot on for Georgia Fans.. Great Job..
Painfully accurate 😬
I live in Georgia but not a dawg fan, this has me cracking up! War Eagle!
🤣🤣🤣🤣 as a uga fan that was spot on 🤣🤣🤣🤣
No video has ever portrayed the Georgia fan experience better than this.
I can confirm this is what happens
The moment I see an upload notification from this page I immediately click it and watch!  ANOTHER great video guys!
As a diehard Georgia fan this is 100% accurate
You should do stuff about baseball and basketball
First! Go Dawgs 🏳️‍🌈
hi
Oh no, Georgia me is not happy
Pog
