Nobody wants to play for United. Simple as that.
who knew it's hard to attract players to play in the thursday rejects cup lmao
did they go round the retirement home to interview ronaldo?
Bring them in early, settle them in and integrate in to the club and team but why incompetent United always last minute
Thank you Harry Maguire (and others) for ruining whatever spare years Cr7 has.
I thought the whole point of ten Hag coming in was he had full control over who he wanted to bring in and could spend what he wanted to make the team better? I bet he wishes he hadn't bothered now. Glazers fucking it up again.
Bro I’m going to get a heart attack from this club🤦🏾‍♂️
There is a very big danger of 10 Hag & Ronaldo quitting Manchester United if the summer transfers are all messed up!!!
12.12 - is there such a thing as unquotable quotes 😂
FA cup is in the bag 🤣🤣
What about Greenward returning to United or going to jail ??
We are Mike Ashleys Newcastle United if nothing changes regarding the Glazer$ that who we will be .
If de jong doesn’t want to come to United then why the hell are we trying to sign him in the first place then? 🤷🏻‍♂️
Ronaldo made United a worse team, horrible transfer, imagine thinking a 37 year old Ronaldo makes u a better team, most fans are so clueless about football
Wives and Girlfriends,ooh and "husbands" lol 🙄Of Most United Standers really hate how much addicted we are to the channel😂😂😂😂
It’s all becoming far too predictable. The next league game the opponent will know all our starting line up before the game etc . The clubs a circus now .
There is nothing hidden about the De Jong deal it’s just United in plain sight.
Utd should have given someone the job of selling players the day the season ended, separately to signings.  Give them a % commission as incentive to get the most £ possible
Lol the poster was right Goldbridge,  hes actually used as CDM at the Netherlands and he actually said he prefers it over the Barca position. A double pivot has a 6 and a 8. Frenkie is the 6 hes in no way a box to box not even at Ajax he was somethingin between the backs filled in midfield roles as well. Inform yourself before slating chat.
Everyone says Manchester United is all about Business and not football, but is this the way you do Business ? Wtf united. They are just begging for de jong without giving barca a second thought about compromise. why would someone compromise if they know that we are fully dependent upon them. we should have been looking for other players, or a defense who could have solved at least one of our problem
join 1958 and follow there instructions
Is Ronaldo going for free next
Trust the process we going to do really good going to finish 8 or 9th
Still waiting on these so called breaking news
Yes, we should do that because five days for the Pre-season to start whiles no signing for the tour yet. so what are the fans going to watch or shout their names during the Pre-season, the same players with this disappointing past season?
scamacca, torres, sangare, de jong, antony/raphinha, slonina
That’s how the GOAT tries and saves the Club by firing up the BOD
Manchester united will buy Drinkwater trust me😀
Tbf Newcastle got pope cause he’s England’s best currently and could get him on the cheap
The transfer window so far suggests that nothing has changed at the club. Same old same old. The recruitment team should be fired and a new recruitment team should be hired. Nothing is going to change otherwise. The inefficiency of our recruitment team is criminal. This club has been destroyed in 10 years due to poor recruitment
What player worth his salt would go near nan utd   the answer is no one
Man utd are at the lowest point in the clubs history for so many reasons and its obvious they will drop way further
Ten Haag must be wondering if he ought to resign earlier rather than later.
If being "linked" to persons was the success of this transfer window we would've had about 4 teams now smh lol
RONALDO SHOULD LEAVE IF WE DONT GET THE REQUIRED PLAYERS AS IT WILL BE EGG ON THE GLAZERS FACE AS IF THEY REALLY CARE THO BUT STILL IT WOULD BE A STATEMENT TO THE WORLD!!!
This is the same old transfer window as in the past 10 years. Its just an absolute joke.
you cannot over pay 10M for players....do that  5 times ..50M......that could pay for another great player......soccer is a business....stop the foolishness!
This board doesn't empower enough people to work on these transfers...  Control freaks at the top are causing these slow-walking transfer sagas.
Ngl I'm at a point where I wouldn't mind for Cris to leave this club just so the board can actually learn the harsh lessons and consequences from their incompetence and inaction. It's shambles that June will end and most likely will end without us signing a player.
Just to CORRECT you, Mark Goldbridge, there are 163m MANU shares listed in the USA on the NASDAQ Stock Exchage. These shares were issued to the public by Manchester United. These are the shares that are paying the dividend on Friday. each share gets 9c multiplied by 163m divided by approx 1.22 US$ to convert into £ comes to just under £12M. But the dividends aren't going to the Glazers, but to the public shareholders.
While the glazers are still involved there will never be a change
Dont understand the hype around raphinha and especially antony… both are good but nothing special. And antony is really small (172 cm) and would get bullied in Prem
This show is 💥 💥
Actually can see how much this is weighing on Mark doing these shows lol it's another disastrous summer. Nothing has changed.
Calm down, United will be signing players this week and the players will be here before at least Monday.
i wish they ditched de jong and went for other targets
We are going to battle for top 8 with the pish we have available , no one in , no one sold ???????? Shite .....same old rubbish as last season , shameful on the owners part , just tinkers trying to act rich
I’m sure these top tier journalists this season are making it up about United because theirs NO NEWS
All this time spent on FDJ and how much are we going to save ffs ! .
This idea of no longer over paying for players not exactly going to work when the squad is desperate need for reinforcements, you do not have neither the pull of the CL to bring star players or a quality recruitment team to find the cheaper gems in the market.  Pay close to what they want or move on. This dilly dallying not helping anyone.
Not unexpected with this club more of the same
United, are like a massive business that's been handed over to the owners idiot son, who has no idea what he's doing!!! Wasting years of hard work building something to be proud of, turning it into a wasteful unprofessional laughing stock, heading the wrong way!!! Particularly, regarding the desperate need to clear the driftwood out ??? Not happening, or likely to???
How will mcctominy play for Scotland if he doesn't play for United remember Fletcher and fergie are Scottish    mcctominy is being looked after at United
That Liverpool Mole O'BOYLE & novice Fletcher assisting Murtough, what an elite combo ☠👿😭
Linked FC
De Jong and Laimier would be a dream for this club. MF fixed instantly with energy and actual passing ability. Both would be less than 100 million, plenty of cash left to get a CB
We are going to see yet again, united wasting time fighting over the last few millions. When you already content to over pay, why bother whether it is £12m or 15m more. Not exactly in a position to be putting your foot down when the player does not want to come.
Am just reading that Anthony Martial's wages are proving a stumbling block in trying to sell him; €240,000/=-a-week it is said! This is rudiculous! How did someone agree to pay this player such a sum???? Man United sure are good at shooting themselves in the foot! No player should earn that kind of sum & even when not performing continue to be paid! That's total fraud, absolute
Ronaldo isn't gunning for trophies or challenging for the with this team we are waaay to out of depth he just knows no one can pay his wages otherwise he'd be gone
notice how Ronaldo and de gea have not been posting images of them in the gym or running up stairs etc etc .. just saying !!!!
I bet on my ps4
We are getting no one
The game might be over by the time Man United show there cards.
send ronaldo to Sporting
same sht as every window
Agreed. We should call out the 11m dividends taking out and not one pound spent on any transfers. All fans should post this on the media....on friday
What if the Glazers have put a freeze on spending unyil Friday when they guarantee the dividends in their pockets. Just 🤔
Whoever is doing transfer negotiation should get the sack
If Ajax sells Martinez & Anthony - that's half their side from last season gone - Gravenburch & Mazouri went to Bayern - Haller is joining Dortmund - no wonder they want to hang onto Timber.
Go get Palhinha and Matheus Nunes from Sporting and midfield problems sorted
Ronald does his part. People should stop thinking he has to carry the entire team on his chest. Its so annoying calling him out. Many players are useless on the pitch. Is it his fault still?
I’m just stunned Utd are still pursuing this deal for De Jong, and haven’t signed a single player yet 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Is this official?
He's making public and media pressure on the board. We all know no big club wants him.
Huge fees, huge salary yet zero interest to come and the need for support players in order to excel. All this upheaval to get a player that no one else wants. Pogba comes to mind.
As I said the other day, the piddly amount of cash Utd might save on de Jong could easily have been made up on a couple of free or cut price transfers for other players. Either these negotiators are stupid or they are playing for time. And Ten Hag is also to blame for not realising how much time was being lost and going for another player.  That might even have encouraged Barca to compromise. It all seems very badly handled. A dark cloud over a new era.
Having the glazers as owners is like trying to heat up chips in the microwave
We are a cash cow for baseball  New owners required
Two weeks have passed and no signing. What is happening at MANU? The slow pace the directors are moving to bring in players is really annoying.
If we don’t do anything the club will crumble and fall apart like it’s already starting to do now
Incompetent fc
Ten Hag is slowly losing my backing. Mans is just extremely obsessed with his older players who don't even want to join him.
I see a worst-case  Is scenario Ronaldo  leaves Dejong goes to man city and united over pay for mediocre talent that is 2years away from frist team
It can only mean “Erik out!” by Christmas When we don’t get any of his 1st or 2nd choices … you heard ot 1st here folks..☹️
Raybanbridge
I'm loving it......🤣🤣🤣🤪 Man United are having a shite transfer window lol.🤣🤣👍
United should not build the team around Ronaldo.  They will fail.
The clubs standers collapsed years ago it now mirrors the standers of the Glazer$ and Eddy Woodward which are lower then a snakes belly.
I don't know why we are moaning about transfers when the manager DESPERATELY wants FDJ and is wasting all this time on this deal. We could of had 2-3 deals done already looking to get a 4th. In the live chats for the last 5 weeks we have come up with great alternatives for the needs of the club yet this board can't think of looking at anyone else. I wanted ETH to come but if he can't expand his horizon in different markets than Dutch/Ajax players especially with LVG slithering in players ears we are fucked. We don't even have an established 1st team squad like City, Liverpool, Spurs, Arsenal, Chelsea so they can buy better players and move others on. We can't move anything on.
I wish we did what Ragnick wanted. Hate this galacticos brand-first mentality. If we had any vision as a club we would find the best possible unknown talents for 20-40mil and through proper coaching and clear playing style create world stars out of them. That is exactly what Liverpool did. Its the Ajax/Borussia/Monaco strategy but applied to a club that doesn’t need to sell.
Or a defred....that's d end of donny
Lets face the fact the reason united can't get new players simpli because nobody like the owner the Glazier and they don't trust them.
Not surprise if is mcjong pivot nxt season
Am I shadowed banned for saying Timber is worried he will turn into a plank at utd ?
I hope he goes back to Madrid or Bayern. He doesn't deserve these shite players.
Well i think its high time we accept the truth guys ,,, out club is finished
Really dunno what's d different between sjaer mcfred pivot wt mark remark ten hag pivot wt de jong
Love that Xmas eve analogy
If Ronaldo has any brain cells left he should leave United IMMEDIATELY! ABSOLUTELY IMMEDIATELY!
Fred is better than beckham prime
Just explain to me how we have put Darren fletcher in charge in our most important summer!!! He is ETH boss he was telling ragnick what to do let that sink in! Just compare the cvs.
Frenkie De Jong will sign early next week for a fee of 75m euros.
every new signing force glazer to borrow from bank. that's why the process is too slow. 😂
It's the same old shite since 2013. Remember the Moyes transfer window? Months of pissing about followed by a last minute panic signing.
Even in master league we get players faster
Ten hag would be giving me ole vibes if he plays a high line and still picks Maguire
Yaawwnnn yyaawwnn yyaawwnn..... United does this to its most valued supporters who have made it the biggest club in the world!!! Despicable.
CR7 cd have gone to city and pickup another trophy....he return to United to see a broken club
This club is a joke when it comes to transfers, nothing has changed with Arnold, Murtagh as the Glazier’s hold the purse strings !!!
Ajax is gonna have another sick team this coming season. It’s an incredibly well run club. January window clubs will line up again to beg for players.
There are values in the market..David Raum looks a astute signing if we can get him in the region of 30mil..I am sure there are more bargains in the european leagues waiting to be unearth…come on Murtough and Co..prove your worths
Dat sneeze..
If FDJ doesn’t want to come here, how will we get 100% from him on a wet, windy, cold night in Manchester !!!
Ronaldo one the greatest player eve4 ever to put on a United  shirt
MARK my words, De Jong will have majority of the defensive duties at united. Anything else, will be asking for trouble.
We could have bought Bissouma, Torres, Anthony and Spence for £120M !!!
One of the best paid players in league is going to join newly promoted nottingham, I m confused what to make out of that
Man Utd are pratically destroying Ronaldos career, I get it, if he wants to leave. Nothing happens at Carrington. Depressing!
Can we put WAN bisaka on center defense an buy a striker like Patrick schik
ragnick exposed all this poison at club+wasnt allowed to change things so he did best thing and got out and took austria job
Ridiculous..all this time wasted on a.player who doesn't want to come. How's ETH going to get the best out of him, absolutely no logic anywhere this window.
Makes me wonder how other addition's look at the Manchester United situation with their abysmal Transfer policy. They are absolutely bottom of the league and have been for long enough. when it comes to competent transfers. I despair with this club. I feel that United are going to be worse next season than this one which just fizzled.
I have complete faith in ManUnited for next season Ronaldo De Jong  De Gea Sancho Bruno  Anthony  Varane 7BIG Players An intelligent manager with an exciting vision
Let's get one thing straight, nobody will do a thing about the Glazers dividends...
The first signing will be a back up goalkeeper on a free transfer !!!
Borussia Dortmund is set to sign Sébastien Haller, €35m fee to Ajax and the personal terms agreed. BVB are prepared for medical tests and paperwork to be signed.  Ajax will have no players left by the time we go in for a signing. This is unacceptable. A glorious club like Man utd. Destroyed by a group of fools who don't know anything about football
Cr7 still quality but I do think man utd need to move Anthony martial,  Victor lindelof need rid off along woth Eric Bailey too.lisandro , Anthony,  de jong potential inacio , we should have target a few more  Calvin Ramsey one that got away to be honest Rory Wilson too.
I Luv Cr will always do but he is really naive to stay here and think will be up and running for trophies again next season why waste your twilight years fighting for top4?? he should be ending his career with silverware with winners around him not Mcfred and Slabhead FFS!!
i think its a good idea that ronaldo goes there not point have him at the age of 38
I think Barcelona is playing United and FDJ will not be sold and this club has already missed the boat !!!
Lol from Bruno stand to Ronaldo stand
He's not a morning person 😆
Come fri glazers will take there payment and we will be considering a bid🤣🤣
Time to think about abandoning De Jong transfer. TOO Expensive! Over £150mil in transfer fee and wages. Also, holding up other business for some reason
Make Ronaldo ceo
Ronaldo as a right to voice a opinion just like Gary Neville did.. The recruitment process is absolutely embarrassing and even Moreso for a club of utds stature.. This shouldn't be happening end of..
Still not getting notifications grrrrrrr
Fed up of this Club seriously. Everyday it's a disappointing day.
It makes you wonder. After we got rid of Ed Woodward and Matt Judge, we thought we will be better now with transfers. But no. So the problem is Glazers always. And also our scouts need to be questioned.
Great video!
McClaren has been bought in so he can make sure that Mctominay plays every week.
ten hag or eleven hag nothing change for man united , they will go long  without a cup
With this attitude Man Utd is likely to be relegated next season.
E hope cr7 stays
Breaking news....there isn't any!
The way our club is run. Having a Mbappe type deal where a player is given control of the sporting project and transfers may not be a terrible idea... I'd trust Ronaldo to get us back to the top.
This was covered last week on BBC sport in regards to CR getting itchy feet.
Ronaldo is right. Liverpool. City. Spurs and even arsenal are already way deep into their transfers window while united are still talking about maybe getting a 1st signing. All of those clubs are already ahead that's very worrying
Another summer of rumours and eventually overpaying for the first target in the first place......
