Someone call NASA because we're seeing STARS! ⭐
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3:-*xxxxxxx
Love kenya always fun to watched
Why cast followers like melissa and kyle?
Kenya is my favorite housewife but im with Ramona on this one
Kenya is smoking hot
Remarkable people, must be tough being rich
But Kyle is still on BHHW… I thought this show was about ex cast mates
So these r the ladies from season 1?
Luann no one is jealous of you . You are truly delusional if you think that . You are so full of yourself still and that's a turn off no longer countess Luann. Common just like the rest of us. Or not so Much. Lol, lol lol lol lol lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it should be nene leakes and brandi
OH BROTHER TOO MUCH!!! DID NOT LIKE AT ALL!!!
Only if nene was there
It’s a party now
I reckon they'll do season 3 back with current/recent housewives - Shannon, Sonja, Kandi, Porsha, Dolores, Rinna, Karen and Gizelle - and then do a fourth season with OG ex-housewives like Bethenny, NeNe, Kim Z, Sheree, Caroline, Dina, Vanderpump and Kim R.
Give us the OG's of each series altogether .... Give us OC OGs, Dallas, Miami and Salt lake too! 1 or 2 from each in 1 season please , even if some are only friends of the show and make a smaller appearance.Get them all in there. You know the fans have wanted this to happen for along time. Seeing different cities collide <3 YESSSSS !!! 👏
I’m so slow. Why am I just now realizing this is Kyle from Halloween?
Ugh, people littering plastic in the ocean again🙄
Lol. No one will win against Kenya
Why Melissa ? She’s not an OG ? , .. she’s not Teresa ! Lol ( she tries though )
Can someone please upload the full episodes 😭😭🙏🏽.
Cynthia is a fake flip-flopper
I just saw the whole show and I think 50 Cyth could have done a better job.  I did love Kyle and don't know why Ramona would try to cross Kenya, because Kenya will go for the jugular . Luanne was fun, and so was Melissa.
On the second (part 2)of the Housewives All-Stars, we need to have..... Vicki Gunvulson, Nene Leakes, Mary Cosby, Grande Dame, Monique Samuels, Jen (Salt Lake), Lotoya Fornever, Lisa Rinna and Lisa Vanderpump
Garbage
Only 8 episodes? Should of been atleast 12 with a 2 part reunion
I love how Kenya is giving it to Ramona! 👍
Eh. I’ll pass.
Kenya is WINNING 🏆
Who is surprised? Melissa and Widow's Peak on opposite ends from one another- speaks volumes!
Kyle is so boring that her opening moment was Ken telling her goodbye instead of her saying something like all the others haha...
Does this get a reunion ?
They're much more tolerable out of their natural prides and habitats
I would’ve picked different woman but this group seems ok
The very best of trash tv... I love it.
Ramona is a hot mess!
Season 2 with brandi and taylor is coming!!
I came here for Turtle Time!!!!
Why did they cast 2 housewives from the same franchise? They could have got some from other city’s to make it more mixed like Potomac, OC, SLC
Bore off with the normal boring shade...Teresa will carry this, she's the most entertaining!!
Sonja needs to be there
RHUGT S3 Cast Should Be: Nene, Kandi, Gizelle, LVP, Leanne, Danielle, Sonjay, & Shannon   S4 Cast: Porsha, Claudia, Candice, Tinsely, Stephanie, Siggy, Kelly D, & Camille   S5: Shereé, Karen, Robyn, Aviva, Jacequline, Brandi R, Gretchen, & Rinna  S6: Charisse, Kim Z, Ashley, Margret, Bethanny, D’andra, Alexis, & Taylor  S7: Monique, Lisa Wu, Carole, Caroline, Kameron, Lydia, & Adrienne
Kenya steals the show and the season didn't even begin! True Peach Holder 🔥🔥♥️
It’s not kyles environment and u can tell lol! Bless her
Why aren't there any Potomac Housewives on here? Boo.
I would have preferred to see someone like Lisa Rinna on here rather than Kyle
Wann und wooooo??? Ich hab gänsehaut 😱😱😱😱😱😱 wie krass ist das den 😱😱😱 da bin ich aber gespannt 😱😱🤣🤣🤣❤
Why is lisa r not there?!
I wish they stayed longer like Survivor 😂
Just imagine if Nene Leakes was apart of this. I know for a fact somebody probably would have gotten hurt dealing with her.😂😂😂
Its no longer joyful, fun, light-hearted, glamorous and aspirational, in fact it just gives me anxiety to watch.
Why they gotta do Kyle like that 😭
Someone please tell me when it comes to Bravo 🙄
I'm so ready to see everyone drag Kyle!
So cool, can't wait to watch, lovely cast
I can’t wait to see the ladies put Ramona in her place lol
I hope they come for Kyle!  Vile Kyle deserves to be treated the way she treated LVP and Denise!
All talentless people desperate for some sort of fame.
Kyle is gonna get swallowed by these girlies!!!
I can't flipping waaaaaaaait!!!!!!
I can’t wait to see Kenya “twirl” on the girl. #Team-twirl 💃🏽
finally people se through kyles fakeness and can say it to her face.
Watched the first 5 minutes and so much shade already thrown when they havent even met yet. IM HERE FOR IT! lol
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
#TeamRamona
I love Luann!!!!  Wish Bethenny Frankel was on this though.
The Real Housewives All Stars. They need to just turn it into The Challenge with 50 something yr old women, lol.
Man after this BH reunion I wish Erica was on here, Kenya would give her everything those ladies didn’t
Eyeballs a poppin !
Why is melissa there lol
imagine if Nene is here.... legend!!!!
I would like to see Teresa and Kenya. That Will be epic
Ramona finally met her match with Kenya…
This looks bad and tired
Instead of Kyle and Cynthia, they should put some Potomac ladies. Karen and Ashley or Giselle
Uhm mtv just did this with the train wreck moms
You couldn't pay me to watch this mess. Perhaps if Kyle weren't on it
This should be on @Bravo and not a Peacock exclusive 😔
Here for Kenya Summer Moore💜💜💜 @peacock Kenya need her own show please make this happen 💋
Just rename this show  Kenya and friends already
meh.
Cynthia is my favorite glad she is invited to be casted
New all new people it gets old. Teresa face?????
they all gonna bring the other down in the street, this all fake fights for camera
This looks hideous! 🤮
I know Kenya is gonna carry this franchise
Wow I may start watching TRH again
Get some more of the Mob wives like Drea on this show, they'll shut all of these heffa's down. Including Kenya. Those women are true brawler's.
I’ll watch 😬
Ahhhhhh wth how come I’ve never heard of this th
Kenya carrying another show!  Give the girl her coin ANDY!
Love to see the Kenya support in the comments. 🥰🥰
Kenya 'bout to show them why Atlanta has been the number 1 franchise for years. They read like nobody's business
Will not be watching Melissa Luann and Kylie are NOT all stars
I can’t wait to see Kenya drag whatever’s left of Ramona 😁
This is nothing without Nene. She would’ve read everyone for filth 😔
Kenya and Theresa make this show 🔥  Ramona is just crazy! But all in all — Great TV
Wait no Gisselle?!?!?! Karen?!?!? Ashley?!?!!! Oh Potomac was robbed!!
I'd rather see this than that ghetto mess Porsha just put out.
Very very interesting!!
Peacock THIS is how you get me to become a premium member. Periodt. I luh my housewives. ALL amazing cities
Ramona is going to get Kenya all the way together!
I wish nene was still on the show :( it would’ve definitely been Kenya and Nene on the trip
Danielle should be there!
I wish Kenya was on rhobh so she can get that whole cast in check.
I love this cast but why do ppl hate Kyle so much like I understand she’s not the best at times but she’s so funny and I feel like when she’s not around those negative influences she’s actually really cool and down to earth
Gosh, looks like Kyle is a pearl among SWINE!
This looks like a culling ground for the older housewives.
This is why I wrote money can’t buy you class- hahahaha I can’t
This is an atrocity not to have messy Gizelle in this all stars series.
Haha Lisa R should b on so they can shut her up
this looks boring.
I thought I was watching the marvel avengers for a sec. 🦸‍♀️ 💃
Kenya all day❤️❤️❤️❤️
Read them to filth Kenya she won’t let you intimidate her
Them white women is not ready for what Kenya is bout to give
Kenyaaaaa🤣🤣🤣🙌🙌🙌🙌
It should be all ex wives who are no longer on the HW Bravo show attend a house wives girl trip. If you're still on a RHW show then you shouldn't be on this trip. Let everybody make money. It's just an opinion.
Kenya is a problem WHEREVER SHE GOES what will be her excuse this time.
Real Housewives Multiverse is happening.
Kenya probably had something to do with bringing Cynthia, her so call friend on this show because she didn't really get along with the rest of the ladies!  Kandi was too busy to be a part of the show! Cynthia is now friends with Nene  & doesn't need Kenya any- Moore! I think she double cross the ATL women & knew not  to push her way back onto  the show because she knows she going have to confront these women on the show with her many faces!  Porsha is in the same boat! They was going to  come for her too! So they both bow of the up coming show! They decided to stay out of the kitchen !
Not gonna lie I liked how it started 😂😂 the Lil intro
The marvel like trailer lol
Luann calling someone else self absorbed?? 🤣☠⚰ And Kyle insecure about Ramona around her husband?! This is going to be legendary!
I love this spinoff.........especially kenya
This is going to be a wild ride 😂😂😂😂😂
What is Kyle Richards doing there? Out of all Beverly Hills Housewives they could have invited, they chose the most boring one
I’m excited and not excited because they don’t really know each other or have a history to speak of …… so what will they talk about
Can’t stop watching
I can’t wait!!!
Where's Karen or Giselle?
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas!
Wish they could did this before just now without Nene
These women ain't ready for Kenya!
is this SNL?
I'm living for Ramona vs Kenya.
Why is kyle always in the middle? I still dont get it
ICANNOT WAAAAAAITTTTTT
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱❤️
I’m DEFF WATCHING!!! Lol
Would have loved to see EJ on this... Can you just imagine a scrap between her and Theresa Guidice??? Would be epic!!!
Will it be in the app?
Can't wait
FINNALY AN ALL STARS SEASON, IVE BEEN WAITING YEARS
Boring
Should of added Phaedra
Hope they have taglines
Garcelle need to take a page out of Kenya's book. Nobody (no matter what Franchise) is going to talk down to her, shout at her nor disrespect her. I can't wait for this.
Mia on this would be interesting too
but guys.. does Kenya not ever deserved to get dragged & read? She is noooooo angel
Erika on this trip getting read, dragged and collected by Phaedra, Grand Dame, Ramona, BETHENY, LVP would be a dream
Yessss Kenya
Where was Kyle sister Kim 😆😆😆
All I wanna know is when does it airs? Stop playing.
This one looks AWFUL..... Where's season 2?
Wow look at all that botched surgery! 😮😬 Some of those ladies use to be really naturally pretty before their surgeons got ahold of them. I’m glad “Gone with the Wind Fabulous,”  Kenya didn’t go there.
Ready for Kenya to read Ramona like a playbook.
I wish Dorit Kemsley was there. Or Brandi glanville lol
2 Atlanta 2 New York 2 New Jersey 1 Beverly Hills   Why only Kyle?
I thought Vicky and tamra were on this too
yeasss kenya ..my girl is gonna own it
Housewives Gone Wild...?
KENYAAA READ KYLE TO FILTH YESSSS
Kenya is the MVH
Imagine you're a 50+ year old woman and you behave like this. And you can't have a Real Housewives spinoff, use the word icon, and Nene Leakes is nowhere to be found.
After seeing season 2's cast i care nothing about this first season lol
Horrible casting.. I dont like either of these women - especially because Bravo favours them over the others. I dont think any of these are authentic or "real" - so sad. Bravo/Peacock should have brought Nene, Bethenny, Lisa V, Vicki, Tamra, Sheree, Kim Zolciak etc. If they had hired them I would watch
Ehhh this looks ok. But not all that what we were hyping it up to be.
this my show all seasons of different states lol
Just shows how BORING Beverly Hills is…
'Real Housewives Infinity War'
now this is what I was asking for
Team Twirl !!!!!
https://youtu.be/yO25DLTeJPU
Would have love to of seen Erika try come for Kenya if they were on here together
I can’t wait for Kenya to annihilate Ramona lol.
The anxiety Kyle must have had this whole trip
seems boring….
Cynthia really has the gall to ask Kenya to act like a friend when she rarely had Kenya's back on RHOA. Ms. Kenya is not my bestie, we're just getting to know each other. "After 4 to 5 seasons W H A T"?
Ramona making this show tbh
This was an amazing idea, we need more.
Still don’t get why Melissa was there
Candice from Potomac should have been a part of the cast so kenya Can put her in her place
GOODBYE KYLE.......ahahahah THAT is true, that was her most and only iconic line in the franchise hahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Kenya Honey!!!
oh my, can you imagine being paid 6 figures to go on a 8 day trip....THAT is a dream job!
Will it also be available on hayu?
Why wouldn’t bravo do this?
Can't wait for Kenya vs Teressa 😂
Why is Cynthia on here eww.
Kenya Moree Stan News and Facts
Kenya always TRYING to teach someone how to be a FRIEND? HOW MANY FRIENDS SHE GOT?
Meh. This lineup is not all-star worthy. Gimme the second season already. I don't like a single one of these ladies... especially the racists Luann de Lesseps and Ramona Singer.
YEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
Kyle is still a 💩 starter. LVP was right all along
Hilarious 😂
Ugh. Looks like a loud, chaotic mess. No thanks.
Might have to skip this
Love Kenya and Ramona it’s a shame B isn’t here also
Kenya Kenya Kenya yaaaas
Whoever is fake will get read by Kenya. So, that will be Ramona, Kyle, and LuAnn.
And we have jumped the shark….
I was gonna say why is Kyle there 🙄🙄😅😂
I can't wait!!!🥳🥳🥳🥳
Only two blank women
Ramona VS Kenya yikes... Haha
I hope someone goes for Teresa lol she needs to be taken down a peg
Say what you want about Kenya, but she makes for great entertainment
I would love to see Kenya Moore get Lisa Rinna together gosh 😔
I love Mauricio rolling up!! Can we clone him please?
Team twirl!
I hate Kenya but I hate Romana more so I'm exited to see her drag Romana all the way down 😂
Mauricio is always welcome to sit on my face!
It's a no go for me
Seems like Kenya and Tre are going to carry this whole show
Hi ♥️♥️😗💝💝😉💋😉💋❤️😘🥰🥰🥰😘😎😍🦋Hee Hee Aw
Luann “be cool don’t be all uncool” and Kenya “gone with the wind fabulous” are the only iconic moments out of all of these 💫   It’s just a reminder that Kyle has never said anything remotely memorable so they had to bring out Ken’s most memorable moment 😂 kicking her out of his home 😂
Kyle in the ocean, I am dying.
Oohhhh yeahhh cant wait for this!
Yasss Teresa my favorite housewife!!
Kenya! Kenya! Kenya! That’s all we came to see.
Please Ramona is no match for Kenya!!!!  🤣
Goodbyeee Kyleeeeeeee 😂😂😂
You'll need to recognize Kenya is TV gold!
The best HOT MESS!!!
Not kenya reading 🤣🤣
Who needs the MCU when Bravo is doing the most with crossovers.
This is one of the most iconic things I have ever seen for the #rhugt!
I fell asleep.
Here for Kenya. Cynthia could have been replaced with LVP or Nene.
I hate Kenya 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Kenya v Ramona is the face off we allll deserve. Handle that booze bag, Ms. Moore👏🏾👏🏾
So people are excited for this!! Ok!! Enjoy!
Team Kenya ❤️
They should have brought Porsha instead of Cynthia. And I wish the green eyed bandits were there also to stir up some drama 🤣
Should be called The Real Housewives: All Stars
Gosh I cannot waittttt to see Kenya with a few of these women 😂😂😂 I am so excited!!
Watching a train wreck
Am I the only one that finds it weird that Cynthia was invited to this then she left the show 🤔🤔🤔
Where is Phaedra Porsha Grand Dom Vicki. Totally fake n phoney housewives...
Goodbye Kyyyyyyle! 🤣
Yassssss
The only one missing is Garcelle or Erika
We want Moore!!! #teamtwirl
Yesssssss
someone please drag Kenya
When can we watch?
All of these women and grand children that will ever embarrassed for their mom/grandma's behavior.  Wow 😥😔😟🙁
I am so ready for this mess😭😂
Go get em' Kenya!!!  👑
Ima have to pay one month of peacock just to watch this mess !! Lol 😆 I'm ready!
They all look so amazing 😍
lol
Vickie ? Thats like basic
All I want is kenya and hopefully everyone else to read Ramona for filth!!!!
Looking forward to this mess!
I am here for it ! I can't wait to see it they should  of mixed all the shows up a long time ago ! This is going to be epic
Im here for Kenya ♥️
It should have been a little more diverse 🤷🏾‍♀️
Only one person is missing!!! Name her:
Not interested. I don’t care to see all the RH universes collide. None of them probably even know each other so I don’t see it being that entertaining.
I’ve said for years that Ramona has gotten rich & famous based on her treating people like raw sewage. I hope that Kenya breaks one off in her. It’s the only way Ramona will ever think twice about how she does people. By the way off topic but someone else who has used their platform treating others horrible is Candice & ol Gal GizHell.
Kenya will eat up these freaks!
If only Cynthia were replaced with Karen, it would have been perfection.
They should’ve given Cynthia’s spot to Phaedra, NeNe, or Porsha……..cause who wants to watch Cynthia
How much money did Kyle pay to be part of this show? She’s not an icon like the rest, LVP would have been farrrr better.
Nene will be missed in this
I’m sorry, this looks boring.
So excited to watch 🤣
I dont know why Theresa seemed out of place or uncomfortable 🤔
This is going to be hilarious 🤣😂😆😄
I kinda wish Kelly bensimon was added just for the mess that would ensue 🤪
This trailer looks so messy I love it😭😂
Yasssssssss I've been waiting for kenya to get ramona together!!!!
Just imagine if nene and Vicki were here. WOW
Kyle stands alone from BH ?!
No one from orange county and  potomac🤦🏾‍♀️
TEAM TWIRL IS IN THE HOUSE
I wish they could’ve included some Potomac housewives. I would live for Candace reading Erika Jayne 😩
🤣🤣
Icon or I Cannot
Why isn’t anyone from RHOP on here?
Yaaaasss. Kenya better put Ramona in her place.
Yes ramona and kenya bringing IT
I am screaming. Boy i CAN NOT WAIT
GOODBYE KYLE 💀😂😂
Kenya ♥️♥️ can’t wait!
Why am I not surprised Ramona vs the world
My bday is November 20th. I consider this a birthday present from bravo!!!!!!! 💕💕💕💕💕
LuAnn called someone self absorbed? 🤣
Kenya vs Romona yep I’m watching
I can’t WAIT! Team Twirl all day!
if it wasn’t for covid this wouldn’t have happened
Will this be on Hayu??
🥱
Ugh, I might have watched it on bravo, but not going to pay for Peacock to see these old hens.  😂
Bring on season 2
Yes Kenya read Kyle!!!! Bye Kyle!!!!!
Here for Kenya
all i learned is ramona really is the issue most times haha
The THIRST!!! 🙄
Idk what Kyle is doing here. We need Nene, LVP and Bathaney
I'm so excited for this! 😍
Still don’t know why they choose Cynthia and Luann
Gladiators enter the ring!!! It’s time!!!
Kenya is sooooo .....UGHHH!!!
The anxiety Kyle must have had this whole trip 🤪
This is some Marvel  style messed up timeline, needed Gina Liano.
This is such a well done trailer
This is one of the ONLY times I'll say this but I am so looking forward to seeing Kenya in this environment. I want to see her get Ramona and Kyle so bad.
Yes!! This is gonna be EPIC!! I CAN'T WAIT!! Bravo showing out!!
Someone keep Kenya away from Mauricio!
Ramona can say whatever she wants it’s just words 🙄
Why is there no orange country women 🤔 put Gretchen on it
not the housewive avengers intro i can’t 💀
I see there’s nothing left to do much a smash up from  all franchises
Kenya Moore seems to have carried this entire trailer on her back! I love her! She is truly an icon!
So we will have to wait till November 😭😭😭
How do you have drama in 7 days🤣
YAWNNNNN.
O wow.
The original  OG'S  must not have wanted to be  apart of this. We fans want what we want,  but these ladies give what they get.
Will this be available to free subscribers? It better be!
Yasssssssssssssssssss
For once I can’t wait!
I’m pregnant with very little things that I enjoy at this point but THIS?!?! Yaaaaaas!
I want to see Kenya get Ramona together now 🤣
JUMPEDT SHARK
I almost fell asleep...😴
Kenya Summer Moore in desperate need of a shoulder replacement carrying all these shows by her dzamn self #teamtwirl #twirlnation
I need to see this
“This is why I wrote money can’t buy you class” I can’t 😂
I normally cannot stand Kenya however I’m here for Kenya putting Ramona in her place.
This is some spideyverse level drama and I’m here for it 🍿.
I lovesss Ramona I’m definitely watching
Kenya putting the final nail in Ramona's housewife coffin, chefs kiss 👏👏👏
Love it
Sorry this does not look great to me..☹️
Ramona is always bringing it, what an icon
Ok, I probably am going tune in but I still can't understand how RHONY didn't have any sort of reunion.
Ok will this be om hayu?? Or bravo or slice
Kenya “Keep a Bag” Moore is going to carry, I see.
Boring.
Next please bring in Bethanny ❤️❤️
Quit trying to make Peacock happen…. It’s not gonna happen 🙅‍♂️
Why is boring kyles husbsnd there?
CANT WAITT for Kenya to read the rest!!!
I don’t know why Kyle is here
They're gone a gather Kyle tf up. This ain't her group 😂😂
Where's  nene
This looks epic on all proportions 💥 Kyle is my absolute favourite but from the looks of it she seems to be getting a bit of heat! This will fill the gap for me for a little bit at least
Icons? Yeah not so much
the voice changer on "goodbye kyle!"  😂  😂  😂
I thought they scrapped the footage, it’s been so long
This looks like a whole mess..... the entire real housewives franchise colliding and I'm here for it 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🍿🍿🍿🥂
EPIC 😂 Kenya vs Ramona lol & why would y’all use the “Goodbye Kyle” line. I almost rolled out my bed
Nene and Kim should've started this all star edition of Housewives...Kenya and Cynthia should've been on the 2nd or 3rd season
So ready for Kenya vs Romana 😍😍
Kenya needs to get Kyle together. That is all. I can't stand Kyle.
It looks boring.
Danielle Staub should be here
Melissa…really?
I’m sorry no… they should of had different women casted
Ugh, sorry Teresa & Melissa don't wanna see another story line of "the family arguing, you did this to me & your brother" etc blah like leave that boring mess over at rhonj
Really wish Sheree, Nene or Danielle were in this show. They propelled their franchises to where it is today. Kenya, Cynthia and Melissa are NOT the OGs. What an insult!
Yesss cannot wait for this. Also the intro to this was EVERYTHING.
CAN'T WAIT!!!!!
8 days and it takes 8 months to be released! 🙄 let me guess we only get 8 episodes? 😂 get it together bravo/peacock. Can’t wait for this epicness!
Kenya is so Shady i love her
And this is why Kenya is an all star
Yasssss! Can’t wait for this to start 🤩
What iconic thing has Kyle done again? Lol
Yass Kenya get Ramona all the way together 👏
Someone call NASA because we're seeing STARS! ⭐
🔥🔥🔥
