I hope my day one supporters appreciate the journey from shooting stories in a single gym back 2016 to traveling the world documenting stories about all kinds of people. I am truly honored and blessed to be in this position. This isn't a series only about a fight, its the culture and brotherhood of this part of the world I am focused on. This is the appetizer.
Its sad, how this kids scammer still have a lot media attention 🤮🤮🤮
It will be an emotional funeral for you in dec
If jake can't win ametuer tournament than neither tommy can win also 😂
you do it again Will. Love to see you constantly chasing new heights brother.
Danmm Your Documentary made these You tube fighters lool like some badass killers 😂😂😂😂😂
Great video. But let’s be honest both fighters are full of shit. Tommy will never be a world champion. Couldn’t even knockout jade Paul.
THERE WAS A TIME WHEN WE WATCHED THE BEST FIGHTERS FIGHT, NOW WE SEE YOUNG ACTORS FIGHT. BOTH OF THESE BOYS ARE NOT REAL CONTENDERS
He achieved his goal of being a 🤡
l leon love used to be a contender with flyod now he has become paul ho and servant .jleon you milking it boi
Heroes doesn’t box in rings. Never did. You are confused. Athletes are only examples of succcess. Heroes saves lives with their hands. You know who knows that? Tyson fury.  He praise his hero. Well see if he will next time
John and Tyson look like twins. That’s exactly what Tyson will look like in 20 years
Alittle sus that tommy says” this is not a title fight” and Tommy’s dad says “this is a title fight to us”😂
Careful tommy, this you tuber is on ur level ,Jake paul can box and works hard .good luck to both.
The pressure's on Fury. Talking those words, having your pappa and brother boosting egos with that formula 1 talk, he thinks it's easy.
Jake looks like he's been off the gear for a bit. Looks soft as butter 🧈
J Leon should listen to his own advice cause he sure didn't do that in the ring
MMA > BOXING
Bro if i hope the script mike perry posted is fake... if this shit is really scripted I will never watch that shit again.
A big difference between Jake and Tommy is their camps which make a big difference on training and preparation. Jake has a bunch of yes men around him while Tommy has his dad and brother who won’t hold back when he needs correcting and that helps a fighter improve all around unlike Jake who just full of himself.
I just feel Tommy Fury is over looking Jake Paul and when u do that it doesn’t end well.
This vid was brilliant. Amazing work.
Let's go Jake!
Jake Paul comes across as a persona assembled by a board of old businessmen.. Why is he talking like he is from the hood?
Why you gotta do for this clown man , how much he pay you ?
Great film
Didn’t like Jake at first … but man he made a fan out of me … how can I hate on someone who spends all there time on doing what they love and want to do everyday ❤️💯😊
Every fighter has a story
What's interesting to me is how Jake criticizes Dana White for fighter pay, while Jake made a deal with Fury to send him home with no money at all.
I think Tommy makes some good points. He's been fighting journeymen because that's what you do, and you don't judge a person's boxing ability based on an exhibition match. We don't know what Tommy is capable of, nor do we know fully how much Jake has improved.
Jake is going to win
Jake I know you have a million upon millions of comments like this but please silence this schmuck he is terrible for the sport he brings nothing but vaginal secretion and he is the past you are the future... Go Jake go
The Americans love all the joining hands and chanting bollocks don't they? Lol
Who else can't stand j Leon love? He's ignorant and annoying to begin with but now he's all punchy from getting beat up by the likes of David benavidez lol
Tommy needs to stick with what hes good at and thats getting girls, the dude is a model not a fighter and i think this will be his last fight.
every pro boxer thats been around jake says he puts in insane work that rivals world champions. the casual fans think hes a joke and they could whoop him in a street fight but the kid is a killer, Im hoping he gets knocked out but i wouldnt bet against him not in this fight
You could hear Tyson when his father was speaking. Pretty cool.
will this gives HBO’s 24/7 a run for its money, I wish they were 30 minutes long
When jake is not a boxer , why fighting him ? Why training for him ? Tommy should be humble before he get knocked out by „not a boxer“ in a boxingring
Damn Will, another masterpiece!! Just as good or better then UFC content
John Fury saying you need time served as if he was a champ lol, tell that to Wilder and Francis who dominated the sports with about 2-3 years of training
Can we all take a second and respect the effort that Will Harris has put in his work is impeccable, best in the game
Tommy is running without even sweating haha
Love Will’s work! You the man!
Will is undeniable
J leon dying to stay relevant lol
Your work is AMAZING, please dont cover these circus show’s though please. These guy’s really do need to be ignored as there are young kids coming from nothing with real talent are being shoved aside because for these sideshow’s ??? I appreciate the Paul kids have created there wealth with there Disney channel but let them be please.
this was crazyy
I ORIGIONALLY THOUGHT FURY WOULD GET IT DONE BUT HEARING HIM TALK ABOUT JAKE LIKE HE ISNT A FORCE TO BE RECKONED WITH MADE ME CHANGE MY MIND.  EVERYONE UNDERESTIMATED PAUL AND THEN TASTED THE CANVAS.
Man it's so easy to make something like this and it come across corny or over the top but not with this one. Pace was good, music was good and the clips you chose to use all felt right. You got some story telling talent man.
Jake legit turned haters to fans. Very rare
ye jake has the right hand and the reach  tommy has the fundamentals of boxing down, he's a big dude, and quick, and has knockout power.....  good luck to them both <3  both have potential to knock each other out <3 good luck :p
So tommy probably loses. However, the question in my mind to determine Jake Paul’s legitimacy is drug test. Yes I know the old “you still have to put in the work” response but what people don’t consider is PEDS increase belief in self, motivation, confidence, and yield quicker results physically which obviously makes it easier to be motivated. I don’t doubt Jakes ability he is pretty good but is no champion. If he were he wouldn’t be taking advice from Jeleon Love who is somewhat of a disappointment himself no disrespect. If Jake is tested for roids, sarms, and testosterone I am without a doubt a believer in his ability to be a decent pro. PEDS are basically Adderall but for the body and not the brain.
I notice John Fury said " it's brains over brawn". Since Tommy is the guy with the muscle does that mean Jake has the brains and he's going to win?
Dang I just realized  That’s j’eon….Floyd cousin that’s hilarious
Not a fan of this fight but a fan of AOAF so I'm going support no matter what. More success to you so you can cover every big fight.
Jack let go you win this brother from Tanzania 🇹🇿🇹🇿🇹🇿🇹🇿🇹🇿
Great job man!
I’m tired of people just referring to Jake Paul as just a YouTuber. The guy can box. However.. Tommy is still gonna win.
The difference of intensity of their workout&training, is immense!
Will Harris... like ur work its very high quality.... but why is your web page so low quality
9:20 i'm built different ...    🤨🤨🤨 🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂
There are levels to video production and editing. You sir, have hit a new level. Love the evolution of AOAF. 👊
This is big time! Congrats, will!
Close your eyes and you can not tell the difference between John and Tyson Fury talking. Their voices and inflections are identical.
Lol it’s not the loneliness sports. They have several team mates that have there back and they are in it together so it’s definitely lonely
Bro don't lower yourself to filming this clown you have the best of the best work with fighters filming Jake Paul is beneath you
His name isn't Tommy it's Will
Enough talking now man it’s boring now just get down to business 🥊
💯
Tommy looks soft. Jake is going to destroy him.
John says your corner men can't help you in the ring once the bell rings but as the same time says there time served but tommy isn't so how is John being timed served going to help tommy if in his words your corner can't help you once the bell goes? Fucked up there big John haha
Amazing documentary as always Will, let’s go Jake Paul 👏👏👏👏
It's worrying how delusional the Tommy Fury camp is being. All they talk about is how Jake is a YouTube fighter. They need to go watch his fights and take a good look at the jabs, the body shots, the fast combinations that Jake has. If Tommy thinks he's just going to go in there and wing it, and get the win cause he's a "real fighter," he's putting himself in some serious danger and his team is letting him down by having the same dismissive mentality.
Good talkers the fury's but this one is gonna bite them in the butt
Gotta respect jake
Anyone who's ever been in the ring knows this should be a huge mismatch. IF fury can't stop Paul,then We need to take Paul seriously.  Unfortunately, Fury KO's Paul early. It will be ugly. Reality check.. But the whole point of this is great. I'm a huge fight fan and never thought ide be excited for this shit.
as much as ppl hate jake. he really is a warrior in the ring he has that heart about him. tommy isnt going to make it as easy as he thinks.
I hope Jake Paul kos him in the Second round
i dont get it , he says he trains hard everyday and he is on the juice as we know and still cant define his body ? something isn't adding up
I dont like how Tommy always brags about this is real pro boxing no YouTube shit. Yeah ok but you only had 8 fights with nobodies man, hes acting like he has a studded resume or half a good resume..you dont man come on.
I dont think Jake's on gear, if he is, it's probably fake stuff.
Did anyone catch the edit when guy said hero it showed Tommy fury and when said a coward it showed Jake Paul lol
Make sure you get Mike Perry into this just incase.
i would love to see tyson fury support his lil bro more than he does i mean wtf he's the best boxer ever in history (no i dont count mr booring floyd in it)
Dam JP really fooled a sht load of people fighting old retired UFC fighters, a fury is born an bread fighter nothing else there's no fkin way this goes past round 3 fury wins via TKO
Who is the narrator for these vids. Superb work right there and does the narrator right that narration or is it Big Will?
Who is this guy who narrates this stuff. His voice just captures your attention.
Tommy definitely juicing
The fact people think this will even be competitive is beyond funny. Fury is going to embarrassedly beat him.
CMON FURY...LIGHT EM UP 💣💣💣💥💥💥👊👊👊
Tommy gonna win no matter what
Something is for real.....if tommy loss especially by ko. Fury Sr could suffer a seizure.
Wow this is going to be dope I think Jake Wins -:)
This clown is going down in the first three rounds and ending his comedy ring rounds permeably. Look it up and no not a spelling mistake.
Timmys knocking out shit!
Why hasnt Jakes team told him how to throw a basic jab?
Step inside the squared circle...yeah righto bud.
I have to see this fight. I dont usually watch these PPVs of YouTubers… but this one is so much on the line I have to watch it . Just see what will happen. Tommy has been boxing for ever and has the best boxer in the world in his corner. And jake has not lost yet and has KO power. Very interesting. I just hope both take it seriously and don’t underestimate each other
I would laugh my ass off if Tommy gets knocked out🤣
I‘m a huge boxing fan, but this is a little too much staging
You know when you yanks do that thing where ya all put ya hands in and go 1,2,3 team jake or whatever they say as an English man that is the gayest thing I've ever seen In my life you yanks are made of foam
If jake was English we wouldn't let him be the way he is he's a nerd in England he would be a holding someone's gym kit he's a soft kid and tommy is going to hurt him bad.
damn this actually got me pumped - there's a lot more on the line for this fight on a personal and psychological level than people give credit for
Tommy looking a bit suspect! Are they being tested?
Will be a legendery fight
Will you're GOATed awesome content love ur journey
You are a Top G of the fighting Film Industry. Thank you for this. Chills every time I watch one of your videos. Put all the satire and bullshit aside, this is what boxing and fighting is all about.
We won’t let you down you won’t let us down… their paychecks that is
People hate the guy Jake for many reasons, but to say he doesn't put the work in is moronic. Just because you don't like a guy doesn't mean you don't give him his due. Even Mohammed Ali was hated by many, he was brash, spoke a lot, even took things too far with Joe Fraser, but everyone gave him his due. You don't like Jake, what does that have to do with the work he puts in?
I'm not giving benefit of the doubt to Jake in any way by soliciting this fact or to credit him in any form or fasion, but Jon 'Bones' Jones had only trained MMA for 9 months and was 23 years old when he walked onto the UFC and beat the literal fuck out of grown ass legends.... Just sayin, don't sleep or get slept.
Damn Tyson fury and his dad sound exactly the same!!!!
Pauly vs Flurry?
Jake will lose to Tommy, but in doing so he will gain the respect of many people and he will learn one of life's toughest lessons when you are young, that of humbleness.
Dangerous how much he underestimating his opponent. Red flag
Tommy is so conceited I’d bet he’s going to lose. Jake Paul is working hard man, harder than Tommy so don’t be surprised if Jake gets the win…
this is such a fantastic video
You can literally see Jake working harder
is boxing tougher then mma?
EMBARRASSING ... NUFF SAID.
Never thought I'd say this but Go FREAKING JAKE PAUL!!! I love the Fury family but I see Jake taking this!!!
J’Leon love: the biggest JP dick rider in the world. lol dude is riding that coat tail til the very end
More money here than the Perth event. 👑 King indeed.
🐐
Is Tommy Fury a professional boxer ? Biggest boxing fights now are by boxers who cant make it in amateur boxing. You have to respect this YouTube guys for changing the game. 👏👏
Jake stay tryna hide that receding hairline 😂
I like this fight. One is a hated internet sensation and the other is a boxer whose family's in the boxing business. Both overshadowed by their big brother's achievements. Both wanted to prove their worth and shows that it wasn't just all talk.   I'm not into boxing because I'm more of an MMA guy but I'll be watching this one.
This makes my dic laugh. So lame and a disgrace to true gladiator's
Goosebumps at the end
So J'Leon gave up on his own career to become Jakes cheerleader?
John Fury showing up like George Clooney, gonna bag himself a Saudi Princess 🤣
Damn jake was fighting tears in the beginning respect honestly
That’s funny he mentioned Formula One race car driver. The esports F1 race car champion be a real F1 sports car champion in a race.
Tommy your gonna get chinned mate round 3 I’m a physic and ya round 3 mate your going sleep thr is no other way I wish I cud change it. Call off the fite
This one gave me chills, amazing work Will!! To the bone
Will thank you so much for your content. You can see the passion for your projects in the setup the filming the music, all I gotta say is wow! You inspired me man to start up my own filming and try to do my thing to just like you have! Thank you so much my friend
His first actual fight.
Will you are best to ever do it hope you are getting paid what you deserve this is not easy bro hats off 🎉
Tommy fumbles bout to get disowned by his own family lol
Jake Paul's trainer is FOS!!
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Yeah..jake isn’t use to that weight loss..I think that’s gonna have a huge effect on him
Fury by uppercut or body blow
Tommy is far to confident for his record
This is dope 😬 I can’t wait to see Fury eat crow. Jake is a born fighter and very gifted in many ways. After this fight he will not be called a YouTuber again 👊🏾 LFG 🔥🔥🔥
Great episode.
Its weird the more I see the more it seems like Jake is gonna win.
tomy fury built so wierd lmao jake paul was right lmao all his weight of tomy its in his arms lmao
They talk a good fight just like Deontay Wilder did,  talk doesn’t win skill and confidence in knowing you are better than your opponent is what wins.  And the gutter language coming out of that guy is disgusting.
I genuinely hope that Tommy knocks Jake Paul out. Not because I am a hater, but It would be traumatic for Tommy if he lost someone who is basically a beginner/novice in the sport.
And love sounds like a crackhead
Bro Tommy who’ve fought trash cans lol
Amazing piece of work
Man, the evolution of Will Harris has been impressive. Good on you
Jake Paul W
This is so good. So excited for this fight.
I hope Tommy KO Jake cold
The dad sounds a lot like his son Tyson haha
jake thanks for encouraging me to do hard work
I think ive realized people don't want to see the best vs the best anymore primarily. But a story.
I hate the voice over you've started using. Until then I loved these series.
Strangely Jake is the loud and obnoxious one but Tyson is talking out of his ass the whole video.
Jake will suprise Tommy, I dont why but I think Tommy might be delusional and thinking he box like his older brother
Fury about to get knocked out, it’s sad to see. He needs to stand up for himself and go and do whatever he wants to do, because he clearly doesn’t want this life.
This is very interesting
Feel like fury is just a different breed.
Anatomy of a youtuber
All cool but Jake Paul's event is made by his promotion. It's obvious that they won't let him lose as it would ruin their business. Watch him win another one right there, don't know why people don't see it
Ben askren kept saying he is just a YouTuber too……
If he shaved his head I would root for him, idk why haha
Any drug testing?
My guy will is up for anatomy of a fighter  with this fight ok jake paul il buy in today
Does tommy get drug tested? Dude is action figure yoked
I love Will Harris, dude puts a hella lot of work to show us these fighters
no way yall went from great dagestani fighters to jake paul on your channel
Jake Paul is as legitimate a boxer as any man who has ever laced up the gloves. There is no doubt anymore. Now we’ll see how good he really is.
The editing is so similar to the showtime's all access man ❤️
Ur videos are the best man ❤️
how can jake fight after so few and then suddenly fight against old MMA fighters,fight for a world title in Boxing? That make no sense to me sorry. In the Past other fighters first fight fifty or hundreds of amateur fights before they even turn pro and then when you beat real pro boxers not some old mma fighter you get a title fight.
@2:58 - Looool, Jake signing bottles of PRIME which is 50% owned by his arch rival and bitter enemy. (No need to state that it's 50% his brothers, we already know that)
Jake Paul is going to get Ko'ed by Tommy Fury. Too much, too quickly. He is over his head. Too many paid "yes men" around him. Just look at them, other one is from boxing family, 100+ years of boxing DNA. Other one has done it couple of years of it. It's going to be a miss match.
Jake's getting smashed to bits
Just discovered the channel. This is what I've been looking for! Insta Sub 👏
Go KING 👑👑👑👑👑👑👑 JAKE PAUL February 26 Fast KO on Tomey
tommy fury: this is not a world title fight John fury: we are treating this like a world title fight
amazing video as always Will...I've become used to getting goosebumps watching your videos. Keep it up
Interesting how one guy talks of putting in the work, the other of easy money, just a YouTuber…. I think Jake’s is going to crush!
AOF since khabib
With the amount if shit Tommy is talking I hope Jake ko's him and wouldn't be surprised if it happens
It will be so fun to see what all the haters have to say when Jake wins this match. They can't say Jake didn't fight a pro boxer and they can't say the match is rigged.
John Fury out here spittin tiktok fyp quotes hahahahaha
Jake loses to pro boxer Chev clarke!! If you know boxing you’d understand that and know who Chev Clarke is!! Jake is not ready for those kind of fights!! Chev Clarke is an Olympic boxer 5 wins 4kos!!
John "brains over brawn" fury 😂 what happened to that when he got his tits out roaring at jake in Saudi.
Great video, I like your logo too has a masonic look to it.
Insane production value, I feel like im right there
Will 👏👏👏
Next up should be John Fury v Father Paul…. Father Paul thinks he is pretty hard from what I’ve seen! Haha
The best team in the world……
🔥
You really believe in Jake 🤔
I see paul training and fury talking.
Here We Go!
If Tommy Fury KO’s Paul then the whole boxing world is going to owe him an apology for the disrespect.
How can anyone hate Jake for no reason He is problem for any boxer
I really like What Jake Paul have done from its youtube fight to fighting real legendary fighters.. But its the first time i want both to win. I think tommy can be a good boxer and im sure he took his training as seriously as jake paul. Jake have the crazy guy mindset, if tommy want to win he must wear his killer instinct for this one. And for those who Still think Jake paul is just a clown.. maybe thats because you are the clown yourself.
I kind of hope Tommy bluffing because ion like how it looks like he’s comfortably training
Why does John fury act like he was a even a decent boxer? That old dude got knocked out so many times when he boxed
Say what you want Jake Paul is better then most time served fighters as papa furry says and defendly better then Tommy I started off against jake now ilm with Jake 💯💯🙏🏻 respect jake round 5 if not 1 or 2
Jack winning
never realized how much tyson sounds like his father john. wow
I am conflicted. I don't like Jake but I like watching Will's stuff.
Look at the size of that huge ass chin of Jake's
24/7 Narrator?
No one cares about this clown don’t ruin ur channel for this guy
I feel like tommy is underestimating him to much
Tommy Fury Is a terrible boxer but acting like he's a world champ. I watched the guy box a journeyman ufc fighter and almost lose lol. Jake Paul easy TKO.
You're so fucking good at this Will. Appreciate the top tier content.
Hate the narration man. It feels forced and corny. Stick to the clips and music.
Say what you want jake is a beast
This is a big fight
Jake Paul = Rocky
This da Goat foreal🖤💪🏾
🐐
Anderson Silva is a 10 times better Boxer than all of Tommy’s past opponents combined
When is Tommy going to stop acting like a fake tough guy & realize that he pulled out last minute MULTIPLE TIMES & he should be greatful that he even gets this opportunity to make $ doing this. Will Flurry should humble himself & realize that he should be greatful, & even tho Jake has less time/experience than tommy. Jake has already fought Longer fights than Tommy. So Tommy Fumbles should get off his high horse & realize it's okay to NOT act like a fake tough guy all the time.
Lol
Really can't stand JLeon Love
Didn't expect this one bro! Your work is always amazing 👏 🙌
🔥 🔥 🔥
Great job with these videos. So well put together. Can't wait for this fight. I'm an MMA fan but Jake drew me back to boxing. Used to watch a lot back when Tyson was king. A lot of great boxers these days. Amateur boxing is unreal these days!
People write off Paul but forget how good silva boxing record was prior to fighting jake Paul! Telling you now this won’t be easy at all and can easily see an upset happening! Watched hundreds of fights where one punch changed the whole fight! Tommy is easy to tag so don’t be shocked if and when he goes down!
Tommy Fury must not have checked the records of his former opponents, expecting Jake to knock him out.
super dope man !!!
I'm gonna be honest I laughed at Jake paul saying he could step in there with the likes of Canelo a year ago but seeing the work he puts in and the coaching he has I wouldn't  doubt seeing Jake Paul vs Canelo Alveraz a few years from now
Jake has this. Tommy is underestimating Jake to much.
Good for you.
John Fury talks like he is the one fighting... I feel Tommy is already broke, Not showing up to the presses shows a weak, scared mind! Already broken!
Always been watching & supporting your channel , gotta admit love your channel brother 🙏🏽🤜🏾❤️👑  Jake Paul is gonna KO Tommy, Jake is not a YouTuber no more 💯 he’s actually become a better boxer after each n every fight 👏🏽
Go for it bro. Dreams come true if ya want it.  Do us all a favor and take his head off.
Amazing video! Hyped for the rest of them!! First time we have seen jakes opp represented by real boxing heads
A lot better than the bullshit top rank is putting out
Don't be surprised if Jake wins. He's better than he's given credit for
Lol fair play for using the format of embedded
Tommy is underestimating the crap out of jake Paul it’s crazy
Jake Paul gonn get smashed
I like the "time served" line. Not bad there dad.
Jake's gonna take it. Living the dream, grinding courageously. An inspiration.
Everyone hates Jake but he’s more likeable than Tommy 😂
Lfg Jake
Dude straight from the start this videography gave me the chills. Would be dope to have someone of your caliber documenting my journey
aw. i love that way you lie
tommy is more talented but jake works WAY HARDER. and that will show
This is like a movie
I have more faith in Jake than a clown like fury
AOAF is alll about the real content and I know it was hard for them to find somw real content in this fake shit
really great commentary
Why is there no discussion that Tommy might not make weight?  He's just as big if not bigger than jake and you don't see him hauling ass to cut weight.
Tommy fury is for sure handsome
Everytime I see Tommy I see a fraud. I see a bodybuilder. He's stiff and isn't anywhere near tyson. If Tommy honestly thinks he's world class he's crazy. He literally said his last 2 fights were shit
I love this boxing side..
Wow that was a 5 star gold video
A bunch of yes men.  My moneys on Tommy hope the moment doesn’t suck the energy out him and he should get this jakey out early
this fight is so interesting i cant effing wait
Someone should ask Tommy why every betting site has him as the underdog lol Tommy is full on delusional makes me think he has no chance if hes that stupid
what an interesting fight!! Jake paul got me into boxing, like many others. The story that writes itself is beautiful. I love your editing. Let's go Jake! Shock the world again!
JAKE PAUL HIGH WORK IS INSANE HE IS TRAINING LIKE A WORLD CHAMP
This video is great great production you got nothing to envy about all access just as good
From all the videos so far it seems to me that Jake Paul trains the hardest, he seems more dedicated and more hungry to get the W. I think if Tommy losses he’ll have a mental breakdown
It looks like Tommy barely even believes what hea saying..Tommy scared for sure
Jake is guna win can't wait
Tommy is definitely way overlooking Jake. Saying he wouldn't even win an amateur league is a total farce. Because what he's saying by proxy, is that Anderson Silva nor Tyron Woodley would win amateur leagues either. Which is definitely overlooking both guys. Not to mention his comments about how Jake Paul is in it for "a bit of clout". Nah, Jake has been saying for years that one day he wants to win world champion titles as well. Tommy may have been in the game longer, but everyone has always known him for his lack of work ethic and his blasé attitude towards preparation. I'd wager those extra years have only earned him a slight edge in skill over JP, who has been doing it a much shorter amount of time BUT has put in the kind of work Tommy has never known during his career during that time. They balance out and I'm betting that JP will have a lot more heart on fight night no matter the results
Please 🙏 never stop. This is the real insight. This is beyond journalism
Gotta respect all the effort Jake Paul puts in, Ko less then 4 rds 😮‍💨
Time Served???. Fury's Combined Record of his opponents.15W 302L...Jake wins 4th Round or earlier by KO. 1. 10W -120L 2. 0W - 26L 3. 2W - 26L 4. 0W - 11L 5. 0W - 9L 6. 2W - 0L 7. Anthony Taylor and Fumbles could not KO him despite the physical advantages. 8. 10W - 110L - 1D This is what John calls Time served? No wonder Jake fought for this fight. He knows Tommy is far from being a boxer.
Will you are the man brother we appreciate and love what you do. You have come a long way alhamdulillah and no one does it like you. You can truly feel the energy , hard work ,culture and everything else when you make these films , it is very unique and different then the others. You can see the genuine passion for what you do. Its not just about the image but the whole feel. Many more to come Inshallah. Thank you brother
Keep sleeping on Jake lol
At the end of the day ...Jake will surprise many
Tommy Fury: "I'm cut from a different cloth"  Me: "Oh no, Tommy is going to lose"
I hope Jake doesnt piss of the Kinahans 🤣
I can see Tommy rushing in and Jake catching him
just another master piece made well done.
Great work by SCEE putting this fight on and it looks to be a banger cant wait.
OH GOD … what’s next jake converts to Islam 💀🤦‍♂️
tommy cant even see how good jake is lol, tommy bout to get fumbled.
Let's get it done Jake 🥊
CLASS story telling.. Wow
The video's good but ig my expectations were raised way too high after seeing the trailer and was expecting Showtime all access level quality/editing. Idk why the tommy parts felt rushed eventhough I'm sure they weren't. Don't get me wrong it's a good video just a little underwhelmed 😅
Honestly if Jake actually wins he deserves respect, say what you will about him but he's taking hard fights and testing himself, he truly believes he has the ability to win, I'm not a big fan but if he beats Tommy he should never be called a YouTube boxer again but a professional fighter and a real boxer, and if he wins I hope he just goes through the ranks and doesn't play around with anymore MMA fighters like Nate Diaz, although if he went through the ranks I don't think he'll stay undefeated for long. Also i don't know what it's is about Tommy but I just sense that he's scared deep down but he's portraying outwardly that he's confident and a real Fury. He says it's a mismatch but they are training like it's a title fight that should tell you that it's not a mismatch at all, he's afraid that he might lose so he's going all in, I think the way he disregards Jake is just so that he feels less pressure.
10x better than that top rank preview bs
Loved it
8:16 wait a minute I thought he performed badly against Anthony Taylor on purpose?? Now he's saying it was because Taylor was small and didn't come to fight.
Man I really fucking like jake!
Tommy fury would never of won a north west amateur title and he never did😂
I feel like Tommy and he’s dad are underestimating jake , jake looks like he’s training for a war vs Tommy training for a YouTuber that’s where Tommy team is gonna mess up
Hard edit
I would like to hear Tommy take this more seriously … and not underestimate The blondie 👱‍♀️
This is 🔥🔥🔥 Dude doesn’t miss 🎥
hats off to jake for taking this fight.
Wow amazing
Awesome as always!👍
Jake's done for Sunday, he's getting knocked out.
jake finally took bj flores to turkey for hair transplant before coming to saudi
I wouldn't of said tyson fury was one of the greatest boxer lol put tyson fury in the ring with Mike tyson or Ali he wouldn't stand a chance 🤣
Great Video 👌. Anybody know the music that was playing during the voice-over intro?
Nice
Awesome stuff 🎥,also this will be a great fight and also with a great card behind it! Makabu 🆚 Badou is gonna be a banger. Can't wait for the other cinematic! Great stuff by the staff. 🎦🔥
Jake’s team are full of hype men just telling him what he wants to hear 😂 the reality is Tommys levels above him and will knock him out no problem
That’s the voice of King Ezekiel!! Shoutout!! This is hype
Awesome video, credit to you mate, brilliant production 🤝🙌😎🙌
J'eon love has to big the biggest tool in boxing 🤦‍♂️
LESSSS GOOOOOO TOMMY 🥊🙌🥊
Tommy is full of it. There is no good reason why he did win against pretty boy, and the dude didn't make weight for his last fight. He is a joke. That's not how world champions perform.
Shave them noodles off yer head and get over it kid
Good stuff as always Will !
Why didn't you cover Islam makachev 284 camp??
Tommy's head to inflated, his looking ahead and not at Jake. It's gonna bite em
How is his cardio?
Man. It could have just been timing of when they shot the talks.  But everytime they showed Jake, he was dripping in sweat. Everytime they showed Tommy. He looked like he had absolutely no sweat on him at all.  And I've never personally heard of or seen anyone do abs at the beginning of a workout.
This ain’t a game
Will hyping up this fight ♥️♥️♥️
Voice over actor name?
Savage will 😁
Amazing 👌🏼
Real men don’t wear gloves😂
tommy fury vs gervonta davis - what do you guys think?
seems to me that Jake is putting the hard work and Tommy its kinda overestimating Jake, well see but I think in therms of mentallity Jake has the advantage.
Jake's got to many yes men blowing smoke up his ass, there be a lot of fired people on Monday when he's destroyed and exposed
Really good vid of the upcoming fight. Id be surprised if Jake wins
This is a Masterpiece💯💯
Really good editing here with John's voicing over shots of Jake grinding like crazy. We will see what happens.
5:35 Sounds like he is trying to convince himself here
2:30
tommy will beat jake with just his jab jake is surrounded by yes men tommy is surrounded by his own
Your a legend man keep grinding your day will come
I respect Jake a hell of a lot more than Logan. Logan is a follower
Great video
Jake got nothing but yes men around him 😂😂😂
Alhamdulilah brother AoF, you came far.  For the haters...Jake is a LEGIT Boxer now so quit your whining.
jake paul will fall short sunday 26 and i bet 1K on it
You can see the difference, Tommy doesn’t have to get his whole team chanting that he’s the better man, he knows it
Great Video👍
Who do you guys have winning?
Jake via TKO
Tommy is big hey.
Get out of here with jigs burden being too heavy to Bear because he's optimistic, the kid is a f****** clown and that's why people hate him. He went and bypassed every step that a normal fighter would have to go through and sacrifice to become something better. he bought his way into the sport. Boxing has become a joke because it's fans in the modern era are a joke
Can't wait for Timmy Fumble to finally get knocked sparked out
Diriyah? where's that?
Love the video man! Keep it up!!!
This is exciting. Can't wait for episode 2, king
Will if you plan to come to Somalia for your lost in translation series know you have fans in the notorious horn of Africa. Great  vid as always 👍🏽
Jake Paul and the yes men
This motha..... don't miss. Awesome Will, just awesome. Thanks.
Jake a crew are cringy lol
I can't believe anyone trusts Janke around kids
love your vids man, keep it up🙏🏻
I know it hasn’t dropped, but thank you for making this about Jake. Dude went from nothing (boxing wise) to pretty damn good in a few years
Looking forward to this ep😮
Gotta respect the effort Jake is putting in training.
I hope my day one supporters appreciate the journey from shooting stories in a single gym back 2016 to traveling the world documenting stories about all kinds of people. I am truly honored and blessed to be in this position. This isn't a series only about a fight, its the culture and brotherhood of this part of the world I am focused on. This is the appetizer.
