Holiday season offer! Protect your online privacy with PIA VPN and get 82% OFF + 4 EXTRA months for free! Only using my link! www.piavpn.com/Trektrendy  Another video coming next week… aviation themed this time 🛫. Hope you liked the change in content
butter first ✨✨
With all that steak, I'm sure you will need to have your heart arteries tested.
I had no idea Ocean Liners were still a thing Awesome!
From Cornwall and it’s cream first and then jam
You have a great show! But the bedroom scenes are not needed  just say goodnight! Leave her out of that scene! It is not needed you’re not selling that! Sorry!😊❤
YOOO
ABBA FATHER IN THE MIGHTY NAME OF JESUS CHRIST OF NAZARETH: I DECREE AND DECLARE DIVINE INTERRUPTION AGAINST ALL DEMONIC ASSIGNMENTS AGAINST OUR LIVES IN JESUS' MIGHTY NAME AND SEALED BY THE BLOOD OF JESUS: AMEN! WE ARE TRUSTING GOD WITHIN THE WILDERNESS AND THE VALLEY! WE ARE BELIEVING, AND RECEIVING, THAT GOD WILL PROVIDE FOR US IN JESUS CHRIST'S GENEROUS, GLORIOUS AND VICTORIOUS NAME: AMEN! WE ARE, PERMANENTLY, FIXING OUR EYES, AND OUR EARS, ON JESUS CHRIST: AMEN! JESUS CHRIST'S PERFECT LOVE CASTS OUT ALL FEAR: AMEN! WE ARE BELIEVING, AND RECEIVING, AN INCREASED SPIRIT OF GOD'S HOLY GRACE, LOVING NATURE, MERCY, OBEDIENCE AND PATIENCE IN JESUS CHRIST'S HOLY NAME, ALL AROUND, OVER AND WITHIN OUR LIVES: AMEN! ALL THE GLORY GOES TO GOD IN JESUS CHRIST'S GLORIOUS NAME: AMEN! HALLELUJAH! THANK YOU, LORD! THANK YOU, JESUS! I LOVE YOU, JESUS! I TRUST YOU, JESUS!  I AM GOING TO OBEY GOD'S DIVINE VOICE AND INSTRUCTIONS (EVEN IF IT DOES NOT MAKE SENSE TO ME) IN THE MIGHTY NAME OF JESUS: AMEN! I AM ALWAYS GOING TO OBEY THE PROMPTINGS OF GOD: THE HOLY SPIRIT IN JESUS' NAME: AMEN! I COMMAND, DECLARE, DECREE, MANIFEST, PLEAD AND PROCLAIM; "I AM AT THE RIGHT PLACE, AT THE RIGHT TIME, CONNECTED TO THE RIGHT PEOPLE (WITH THE RIGHT HEART POSTURE) IN CHRIST JESUS' MIRACULOUS NAME: AMEN! I LOVE YOU, THANK YOU AND I AM PUTTING ALL OF MY TRUST IN YOU; JESUS: AMEN! HALLELUJAH!
20:30 Don’t the glass elevators only go down to deck 7?
Thank you for sharing this lovely trip bringing your mum very nice I actually want to do this and the price is very reasonable for 2 thank you
You made this magnificent liner look like a cross channel ferry. Not a great vlog, so many others do this so much better.
What a lovely trip with your mum. 😍🤩
Looks like there's tons of old people on board the ship. No wonder you brought your mom and not your wife
ur mom is almost as cute as my mom <3
Good video
Jam first. Then it doesn't slide off easily.
Everything is perfect.  But the Canada and the US are so far away.  As a French only went to England abroad.  Was afraid to take the Channel but it was fine. As doesn't last long but 7 days or 7h , both seems awful to me ...  Did some people from one side whether Canadian or US or from Europe did suceed to go to the other countries by a flight or boat while really afraid of both...
That breakfast looks horrible
I have cream then jam will but anyway will do just a scone or no scone 🤣🤣
You got 1st class😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
one may end up like Titanic
A lovely trop with your mum! ❤
Wish I can have this experience
Wish I can have this expertise
It does not matter cream ot jam just enjoy that’s the rule just enjioy🎉😢
Can you still dine at those upscale restaurants typically reserved for people in expensive cabins, if you're paying out of pocket?
I'm new to the channel... I'm picking up some reoccurring themes... Tims and NASA. What are the connections?
how to book a ticket
I’m curious, can you take this Oceanliner from the USA to England, stay in England for 5-7 days and then take it back to the states?
Oh man i wanted to see your golf skills, 😂so funny
Yes nice but 4k  to much for 1 person
Do I need to call Cunard to book a cruise? I don't see an option to do it through their website.
Hi, my name is Ilona. I live in Israel. I watch your YouTube channel a lot. I would love to get some help and advice from you.  I want to fulfill a dream and sail on the Queen Mary from England to New York. I've been to New York many times, and I want to experience this kind of journey. I started checking the Cunard website, and I will probably travel alone—since not everyone likes crossing the ocean.  I’m considering booking a Britannia Club Balcony room. If I travel alone, do I still have to pay for two people? Is the Britannia Club Balcony room recommended?  I was initially interested in a Princess Grill room, but I understand the price is per person. Do they offer discounts for solo travelers?  I want to have the best cruise experience possible.  Also, one more thing—how do I get from Heathrow Airport to Southampton by train? I understand I need to get to Waterloo Station first. How do I get from Heathrow to Waterloo? Are trains readily available, or do I need to book tickets in advance?
Good job treating your mum to such an amazing trip. You earned a few points..,😊
Do Queen Victoria, Queen Elizabeth and Queen Anne
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤I really enjoy it and I am from New York City and please let.Mom know that I said hello 👋👋🤗 and good 💯💯💯 to c her again 🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤PS U r the best in my opinion 😊😊😊❤❤🎉
I’m sure it has been answered before, but why NASA?  Did you work for them?
That price wasn't bad, at all, for 2 people in such a nice suite for 7 days. Seems very reasonable!
is this route usually choppy
Long time viewer of your videos! I have one question - as you head to bed after the Masquerade Ball, what do you pour in your glass before you climb into bed? Thanks for all the amazing videos!
Love all your videos..Your Mum is lovely! I know it's been done to death..but jam first..then whipped cream..😂 Keep traveling..❤
How much for ticket?
How much for ticket?
Your Mom is truly beautiful.
How much paid for ticket?
please explain the NASA reference. I don't get it.
I would like to transfer my moto to New York from London. Do you know how? And cost? Thanks
I love it when your lady, or dad is on your show.  But, when you have your mum on, it moves me.  My mum has been gone for over 22 years now.  She was in her early 50s when the Harris of MS took her away.  In her later teens to early 20s she live in Brussels, and traveled throughout Europe.  On her way home to the States she travels home via QE2.  She would have loved to be on QM2.  A few days before my mum passed, there was a TV special episode of QM2s launch.  She told me I should travel on QM2 since I loved being on The Queen Mary in Long Beach so much.   I told her we should go.  She held my hand with eye gliding from not crying and told me this was a good idea.  A few days later her body could no longer handle the stress of her disease, and she is forever gone.   Depending on monies I will be booking for 2026, or 2027,   I will be taking a picture of my mum, and all my memories of her on this trip.  She will travel with me via spirit.  If you have read this, call your mum and just tell her you love her.   Thank you for being the awesome man that you are.  Your vlogs are very straight forward, and honest.  Not shocking, and in your face.   There are some travels that you take I will never be able to afford.  But, in spirit I, and so many others have traveled with you.  Thank you for sharing your life’s journey with the planet.  You contribute to making this world a better place.  Also, it is never uncouth to walk around with a bottle of champagne.
I love it when your lady, or dad is on your show.  But, when you have your mum on, it moves me.  My mum has been gone for over 22 years now.  She was in her early 50s when the Harris of MS took her away.  In her later teens to early 20s she live in Brussels, and traveled throughout Europe.  On her way home to the States she travels home via QE2.  She would have loved to be on QM2.  A few days before my mum passed, there was a TV special episode of QM2s launch.  She told me I should travel on QM2 since I loved being on The Queen Mary in Long Beach so much.   I told her we should go.  She held my hand with eye gliding from not crying and told me this was a good idea.  A few days later her body could no longer handle the stress of her disease, and she is forever gone.   Depending on monies I will be booking for 2026, or 2027,   I will be taking a picture of my mum, and all my memories of her on this trip.  She will travel with me via spirit.  If you have read this, call your mum and just tell her you love her.   Thank you for being the awesome man that you are.  Your vlogs are very straight forward, and honest.  Not shocking, and in your face.   There are some travels that you take I will never be able to afford.  But, in spirit I, and so many others have traveled with you.  Thank you for sharing your life’s journey with the planet.  You contribute to making this world a better place.
The pool looks HORRIBLE!!! And deck floor looks so bad…. if you walk on it you’re going to get a ton of splinters!!  But spending time with your mom …. Priceless!!!
same route as titanic
Level best of the best
absolutely wonderful
This ship looks so much better than the other humongous ships you’ve sailed with, that looked like a amusement parc/shopping mall on sea.
Jam first cmon now!
I love the relationship you have with your parents. I was stolen as an infant so I do not know who my parents are. The people that stole me, abused me and I graduated high school early to go into the United States Air Force. I have no relationship with the “parents” at all.
Done eat scones
If I’m going on the trip or hell, no
As an American, I always think it's funny that for the English, a point of major importance is the size and condition of the kettle. An unacceptable kettle is a deal breaker!
I recently noticed that Cunard are a Tesco partner so if you have clubcard vouchers , you might want to use them here.
Thank you for covering this, I'll be doing the same voyage in a few weeks. The food looks so good, and the fellow passengers have manners.
So what the transfer arraignments to get from the disembarking area to the central Manhattan?
THAT IS TITANIC
London to newyork hope that there where no icebergs
man if only this was the titanic😭
I wonder if this guy has ever tasted microwave food. (My main intake btw).
"I'm taking this luxury ship for 7 days from London to New York". Really?  That's a good trick, given that the Queen Mary 2 sails from Southampton!
The ship sails from Southampton, not New York.
Why do you wear a NASA pin always?
Bro, Titanic two💀💀💀💀💀
Isn’t queen Mary haunted
JACKS?!?  Come on man
Own brand shoes???
At Least Queen Mary is safer than ships were in 1912!
Please never wear that hat again.
Is it also unsinkable?
titanic 😕
Titanic
You literally earn money for reviewing toilets on public transport. I don’t care how wealthy you are bro, you are wasting a top chance at life by getting excited about the fact that some underpaid worker from Thailand can make your bed for you. Seriously man. Do you still live with your parents by any chance ? Your family seem a bit inbred as well. Do you kiss your dad on the lips when the train leaves the station?
How was the immigration at Ellis Island?
Thank you for this great review! We're doing the same trip in a Princess Grill Suite next August for my 60th! Now I really can.t wait...
Cream then Jam!
0:03 titanic?
Was that an UFO at 8:07 ??? :)
2:01 “I’ve got a good feeling about this” - Internet Historian   SNS 😂
Stumbled upon your channel... love how you bring your family along! Cheers mate!God bless
you should have spent a tad more time in the Doggo area. Doggs are awesome.
You should experience #princesscruises, You gonna love it trust me 😊
One of the last Ocean Liners and a mighty fine one at that! Also the heir to many famous ships including Titanic, as White Star Line merged with Cunard in the 30s, the designers of the QM2
Yes, your Ma indeed looked marvellous in her party frock
Creme jam more creme. dont play with me.
11:31 Very good shot of this supposedly spotless environment
This queen mary😊 the original queen mary💀
rip to the ss united states
If I ever go searching for a good Dachshund or four? I'm coming back on QM2.
Fourth time Ive watched this video
I promised my wife to this trip .Thank you for the review Trek.
1:22 is the big boat that  Daddy it’s the ship  You right  10:07  I remembered is rose Defitt pocater is  said to jack don’t coming closer… 12:41  I remembered of naval police man for titanic is was to sink said wamen and children only… 23:13 now is titanic sinked…
Have u spent the night on queen mary original?
Yes,can certainly tell you are not familiar with ships(at least you got port/starboard/fore/aft). You missed the departure party,did not visit all the resturants(or did not show them).
Great voyage , but I could not find out during which month the trip was . Thank you of the inspiration !
looking do Disney cruse line
Beautiful ocean liner. Last of its kind still in operation. Many more years ahead hopefully.
Shocked to know that your mom is a veggie, please bring her to India... She will love the food here
My favorite thing about the ship is the library and the promenade, it’s really nice to walk around in the fresh the air.
So do you still have to have your vaccination record and Covid record with you? Does it matter which direction you’re going such as if you’re a US citizen or Canadian going toward the UK or vice versa?      And what vaccinations please do you need besides your Covid and is it still required now that it’s several years past.        Always enjoy your videos makes it seem like a mini vacation
do you remember if you captain was Andrew Hall?
Love your kids
Took this ship several years ago. It was my first transatlantic cruise. A night or 2 into the cruise, the seas were very choppy. I was a bit nervous.. then the captain made an announcement “Tonight around 4 A.M. we will be passing directly over where the titanic went down” Needless to say, I did not sleep well that night.
the Ship is like titanic
Did you get laid though?
🫅👸🥇🥇🌞👍👍👍👍👍
🫅👍👍👍👍👍👍
Very Sad That Titanic Tried But Sanked😢
Is  this gonna sink to?🤣💀
History repeats itself but in a different version for safety 🦺🛟
The old days they would have parties on the ship before it pushed off. Read that in the novel Butterfield 8. Too bad it doesn’t dock right in London the way it does in NYC.
Imagine being on that ship having dinner, and then this guy casually walks in with is 360camera on a pole in one hand a half bottle of rosé in the other 😂, I’d love it! 17:42
Your mom always looks lovely.
The Titanic Painting at 20:16 😮
This looks like a good time Circa 1940. 😐
Jam first😂x
"Aft" = "The Stern"
Dress to impress
I’d be like oh shit mom, no one’s home. Bye😂
Best video I’ve seen this year!  Makes me think of Titanic standards in 2024 🎉
love how neil degrasse tyson narrated the planetarium
I actually put butter first, 19:57 then jam on scones or in the USA is biscuits.
How are you going back to the UK? Also by cruise??
❤Just Love Him❤
I really enjoyed this video,it made me so happy that you took your mom. I’m an only child so my mom and I do everything together obviously more because I’m a girl. ❤
You need a clot shot to sail on Cunard?
I’ve been on many cruises to destinations from the caribbean to alaska, you couldn’t pay me enough to tempt fate like this 😂 I had enough anxiety about my Alaskan cruises with icebergs, no way in hell i’m getting on a ship names The Queen Mary and sailing across the Atlantic 😂
Krug is my favorite champagne. I always keep the non vintage as well as 2006 2008 and 2011 vintages around.
There no debate, the only time you put cream on the bottom is when you have piles
Jam first especially if it’s strawberry jam 👌☺️
Williams Linda Lewis David Young Larry
Bro went swimming on the poop deck 😂.  Lol sorry I say that to everyone who swims there on the QE2😂
Really love it ...ur mom looks beautiful in black
I'm seeing this a year later than when you upload it. I just had to say it's so nice that you enjoy the company of and traveling with your parents. So very sweet.😊
Moms is a cool woman. ❤
We've booked passage to Europe on the Queen Mary 2 next year. My husband much prefers travel by ship, so an ocean liner is perfect.  You do need to book well in advance to secure Grills category cabins.
So where do the dogs piss and shit…I hope they are not on the walk way
Wow pls😂😂😮❤
QM2 itself are the only ocean liner that still served transatlantic service ever since Queen Elizabeth 2 were pulled out of service in 2008. I wonder why the Cunard didn't decide to make stop at Queenstown ( Cobh ) like it used to, cause back then Cunard ship would stop at Queenstown at the next day after leaving Liverpool before heading to New York
hello from  bangladesh ❤
Can you smoke a joint on this thing or what ?
When titanic ii comes sail u go on ill be there as well on the maiden voyage   for me as soon as tickets go on sale im buying some
I love your mum, she must be so proud of you You're a credit to her
Jam then cream for sure. Watching from Australia
Your mom and miss millie are very lovely.
I put butter first thing, cream and jam on my scones
I see that  That boat is a that broken ship that stunami
What a great video of the Queen Mary 2.  Thanks for sharing and for doing such a great job.  I had a cooking channel for 5 years, so I didn't do vlogging, but how on earth are you able to edit out the came and pole from your video.  Is there some automatic setting or do you just have the skills?  :)  P.S.  I just found your channel this evening and I love it.  New subscriber here.  I can't wait to binge your channel.
Your mum looks so gorgeous !
Cream first, jam on top. Tea, Earl Grey, hot.
Just as a random thought: I think the best bacon to use for Eggs Benny is Pancetta because it grills to a crisp very quickly. Also, it's just the right size and shape.
Fun tip for half full bottles of champagne, if you put a spoon in the top of the bottle, it will keep it bubbly for about 24 hours even uncorked.
I would love to travel in the last ocean liner in the world, too bad I live in a third world country and I cant afford this :(
Where is the iceberg
who else miss queen mary 1 from tsunami disaster😢
5:08 I can't believe you wore jeans with holes in the knees on the Queen Mary 2. Don't they have a dress code? I like the video but you're a bit childish for someone your age.
£5200? That actually seems like a bargain. I’m sure it’s a bit pricier one year on.
I want to go to Southampton because of titanic that’s it :)
Can somebody explain the nasa thing?
With mom omg
Jan first
Ahh yes Titanic
Lovely ship❤
I do cream first on my scones.
It's sad that Ocean Liners are kinda dying... The world should return them to their glory.
I like the queen Mary 2.
Not being offensive but that kinda looks a modern titanic
I came from the Icon of the Seas video and oh boy... The icon is like 10 times worse... In the queen Mary everything is beautiful and chill but in the icon everything is too colorful and crazy  And the icon is super expensive...
I thought it sunk
I think it should be jam first
❤Ha ha Was sad for a minute to see u by yourself  L😍VE MUM along  or Millie  ❤ YOUR  VLOGS  Wish one of my boys  would book me in on a cruise  So cool 😎  I am in visioning  my cruise  🛳  🥰❤️‍🔥💫💜💥💕💞🧡❤💗💖💝
Always cream 1st
This guy never gets economy
Mum is absolutely gorgeous! She could easily be your sister. Great genes❤
No way I get on that ocean liner , one can't forget the Titanic
Where didu get the red coat (last scene) pls?
Looks like my worst nightmare!😮
I thinking about tragedy of rms titanic 😢
Marvelous !  May I please ask, what month did you and your Mum travel ?
Sorry. Arriving in torn jeans and going to dinner in a T.  Tacky. Tacky. Tacky.  I stopped watching.
I live in England
U know queen mary II is the queen of the sea
Friends hot mom.
I just love how your mom is right there to get in on the antics - welcome mom onboard!  It is also very obvious how chuffed she is to spend time with her son. <3
I can't even begin to fathom how wealthy your family must be.  I couldn't ever afford to go on even one of these trips that you go on on a regular basis.
Why was that hot tub so dirty?
And it's decided. My next year 10th anniversary is at sea!
I went from NY to Southhampton on the original RMS Queen Elizabeth in 1957.  It was fabulous. 5 days each way.  Beautiful liner.
I'd love to know why you are so obsessed with NASA, dear Will.
whenever , Southampton to  New York travel question arises through   sea, Titanic  name is of course come first
It’s the titanic all over again
Please do more Cunard Cruises! Would love to see more ❤❤
I hope one day I will take this cool journey
Cream first to make the bread/scone/biscuit not dry, and then the jam to melt into the butter.  Yuuum!
Vaccination record. What is that for.
I love it that you take your mum / dad on your trips.
Mum !!!!! 😂❤
I'm simultaneously unimpressed yet joyful
For scones its jam on first of course!!!!!
I'm an American, and have only had scones once. I put the cream on first, then the jam, so it wouldn't slide off.
Mum's paying then...🙂
I could never afford to travel in this manner, so watching someone else do so in my stead is quite nice. Looks like alot of fun!
Nice to spot you out of NASA gear once in a video. Maybe time to give it a rest?
That roof top infinity pool gave me the heeby jeebies even on tbe tv screen!
On the check in it said vaccination card ? Was that for Covid ?
Hi Trek Trendy What Happened At 2 Am
Queen marry☠️🌚
A weird question, but how good is the internet speeds on board? 😅
Nice his, and it's good to see it, but I don't think this cruise line is very nice. The decor looks terribly outdated.
Would this be a nice cruise for solo travelers ?
Get rid of the Popeye hat!
What a wonderful experience to share with mom! Your mom is absolutely charming.  Really enjoyed this video. Wonderful!
Yah I'm viewing this video just Because I was searching for a trip of ship that goes through the exact location where titanic (the ship of dream) sank
When I was a child I remember my mother telling me that we had lost a relative on the Titanic! Unfortunately I didn’t really take that much notice, so I don’t know whether they were passenger, or crew! I don’t even their name! I find it so sad that I didn’t take more interest! They were probably Steerage or Crew!
Wonderful review!  Just found your channel and hitting Subscribe now😊
Couldn’t have picked a better companion to share that trip with!❤️
I live in Southampton and I can see my house from this picture 0:52
My sister boards QM2 on Friday for her Singapore to Southampton voyage. 6 whole weeks in a Queen's Grill Suite. Nice!! She's travelling from Manchester to Singapore via Dubai right now on Emirates, 1st class of course! A quick stay at Raffles and on she goes via the Cape.  Following in your footsteps, I've asked for lots of photos and videos so I can live vicariously through her!
Bloody covid bollocks
You should start an audio book! Lol
Cream then jam. Much prettier!
can't wait for my 1st voyage to the USA on this ship in june & yes i got myself a bottle of krug to try out as well lol :)
That library would be well used by me!
Honestly, want to see more attractions and activities and less food.
I'm glad you guys had such a wonderful trip your mom is a doll  Enjoy being with her My mom has gone I would give anything to be able to do a 7 day cruise with her Thank you so much and good luck
Wow! Seven days would be a long trip! So sweet that you shared such a journey with your mother. That's so sweet!!! Plus how exciting to eventually end up in NYC!
As always, a very interesting vid. BBBBuuuutttt, where the heck is the visit to the engine room ????????
Butter then jam...is my 1st choice.  If having jam and cream, then jam, then cream.
I’m loving these luxury travel videos. ❤ I’m curious though….what is the significance of the NASA badge?
Nothing but old people on that ship
Awesome video.  Enjoyed every minute of it.  You make for an awesome cabinmate.  Very personable.  Don H  Ocala Florida  USA
Again, I'm asking what is the "NASA" connection?
Titanic, number two
Jam then cream!
Clotted or double Devon then jam preferably strawberry.. and at least you didn’t chug that 1/2 bottle in the lift!!
love your content, just subscribed. Keep up the good work
How are we gonna celebrate 1M, buddy?
Was £5,198 the cost for two and did this include meals, gratuities and taxes?  We enjoyed your video!
What a nightmare being a server with a mask there.....ok there is worst jobs but they're better payed.
Jam first then cream on top (more cream that way!)
16:12  Ah!  there's a bug on your shoulder!
Jam first.. and thanks for mentioning the Liverpool lamppost and New York hydrant!
I have a question. Do they have enough lifeboats for all the guests on board if something goes wrong?
it is like an old folks home on high seas
You took your jacket off at dinner... DUDE.
WHAT A STUPID, GOOF-BALL, ( very irritating) SMILE!
Pity you couldn't motivate yourself to put a shirt on. Poor Mum. I suppose you invited her along so she can't say anything. I wouldn't be seen with you looking like you have your underclothes on underneath the jacket. Food looks good. Hope the Medical emergency wasn't due to food poisoning.
I certainly hope Cunard gets themselves 'up-to-date" regards the scientificly supported, non- justification for covid vaccination. Mandating this vaccine is a health risk. You're much better off fixing the air conditioning filtration pores to not allow viruses through and increase the frequency of the air change cycle.
c'est très sympathique de voir ta maman . Je voulais faire une traversée sur le QM2 avec ma maman mais elle est aveugle et je ne sais pas si le navire est adapté pour les personnes aveugles. Merci pour cette vidéo ❤
I remain unconvinced about spending the afternoon sitting in an elaborate dick-mist cappuccino.
Jam first of course..Cornish way
Jam and then cream as the jam would slip off the cream if it was the other way around😂😂
I had no idea this existed anymore. I would love to do this voyage I hope the line will be around for a long time.
You looked like a blind man with a cane the first morning when you walked out on the balcony lmao
the room is disgusting😑.  Carpeting in the room is not up to date and not hygienic.  but the video is good.
I used to work for Cunard on the original Queen Mary, but when I moved to the QE2 the work was a bit easier. Badumtish!
Who pays for your training?
Reminds me of my mother and I nothing like a momma !
Your parents are awesome brotha ! Keep up the good work
Beautiful to see you treating your mum to a lovely trip. Good on you!👏👏❤️❤️
Just finished watching the vlog with my Mum. I am very close to my Mum, and we travel together all the time. We both really enjoyed seeing a you travelling with your Mum and enjoying the experience together. My Mum and I are booked on our first cruise later on this year. Looking forward to seeing more of your content, the pacing and quality of recording was really with this vlog. Thank you for sharing.
Fark ettiyseniz Queen Mary titanic'in gittiği yerden gidiyor
So nice to see your Mom!
This video is brilliant. I absolutely loved it. My dream vacation!!! And I do jam first, then clotted cream. Jam will stick to the scone without making a mess. Jam will not stick to the cream and makes a mess. Cheers!
Really enjoying the drone footage. Thanks for that. Enjoying all of your videos in Mexico City.
i still dont know why he wears a nasa pin and at this point im too afraid to ask
Why did that jacuzzi have black stuff all over it? 🤢
Your mom is absolutely stunning and looks like she could be your date! I love seeing you both have great adventures like I did with my mom
That many people really take trips to the US ?? all I ever see online is people talking crap about the US 😂
First the butter than the jam. Scones are great!
Not in the company of the lovely Milly ?
Mum’s a hotty! She looks amazing, Dad is a lucky lad! Wonderful having a QT with your parents.
The theatre looks awesome.
Ive never understood this.  Whats the deal with Brits and canned baked beans??  Aussies and vegemite, Brits and baked beans. Why??
I can't remember her first name, but a woman from Cunard family was the mistress of the future king before he took up with Wallis Simpson
Theyre called lifts in the uk. Youve got a surprisingly British sounding accent for an American. 😮
It is a ship not a boat,boats are smaller
Done before Christmas and better than anything I ever could have dreamt about..
I do New York to Southampton and go every year at Christmas, amazing ship, quality food, drinks package is well worth it, every day for 4 days you lose an hr so no jet lag. The best way to travel, the cinema is also fantastic on board as is is the afternoon tea.
It always looks like he sleeps in his dressing gown. I could never do that. I turn over too much. It would be like sleeping with a boa constrictor.
This ship was featured in the movie with Meryl Streep: Let Them Talk
Your average shit hotel costs 250 quid, which makes it feel like a rash compared to the 400 per person per day, classy style you get on this cruise.
Love your videos. Great subjects and presented very well. You inspire me to try some of these things, though at a lower class or price point. I do find that "the next day" transitions in the strange Spanish-Frenchish accent is not in keeping with the overall theme of your work, however (a minor critique at best).
I’ve been on the Qm6 I think about 7 times  with 6 of those when I was a kid but I last year I went on a cruise in the Mediterranean on board the ship the first time as a adult for my 21st birthday and just wow it really is a amazing ship while yes it isn’t really a ship for people my age at all but all I can say is that I have certainly caught the cruising bug and I really do miss it quite a bit
Was anything special done when you were over the crash site for the titanic?
So.  I’ve watched like 10 videos.  But why does he wear the NASA badge?
In den Details sieht man ihr das Alter schon an, viele rostige Stellen, abgewohnte Einrichtung etc
Re scones...jam first then clotted cream. The Cornish method.  Cream first is Devon method.  😋😋
obviously for the cultured epicurean the order would be butter, seasonally/locationally appropriate jam/preserve and then cream. any other order or any parts lacking and can you even call it high tea anymore??
Bringing a DOG right there.....FORGET IT!!!  IMAGINE sleeping on clean sheets with dog urine embedded in the mattress 😂....the owners would NEVER report it to the ship....😅😅😅
O ly jam
❤❤❤❤
Does anyone know what drone he is using?
Do they still require vaccination report ?
Can you smoke on your personal balcony?
Ive always wanted to take this trip
BRITANNICA COLLECTION
Thank you for sharing this wonderful experience, and for the opportunity to see you and your lovely mum together!
All guests actually get the Penhaligons ameneties!
Travel with wife?
They don’t build them like they used to do. That looked like an upmarket ferry. Couldn’t think of anything worse than stuck on that thing looking out at a grey miserable choppy sea.
What you fear is that which requires action to overcome.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
I crossed the Atlantic "many years ago" on the QMII`s Auntie, the Queen Elizabeth. It was a lovely trip except for one small detail. We sailed in the last week of January (1965) I remember so clearly the wind outside which seemed to cut straight through clothing which became the scent of fresh baked bread and Chanel #5 as soon as you went back inside into the warm.
Last time I saw QM2, she was a ghost ship in Torbay UK during lockdown 2021 we miss her and her sister ship Queen Victoria
I’m so fed up with you YouTube travel vloggers with the palate of a 13 year old ordering the most boring shit on the menu over and over.
What type camera are using. I would try it
Cant help thinking of that episode in Everybody Loves Raymond when Ray goes on a cruise with his mother :P
Too bad this type of crossing isn't really as popular as it was 100 years ago
Incredible video !! First time viewer and new subscriber here !! This cruise looks amazing but way too formal for me, I don’t even own a pair of trousers or fancy shoes lol…..would love to know what camera you used to film this as the footage is amazing
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGH........at least I get see a video of this.  I'll neverrrrrrr be able to afford it.  ONLYYYYYYY for the VERY RICH.
The Library has 8000 + books
Oh dear....!!! Please keep you jacket on... :(
Of course you can bring your dog 🐕🥰  it's your kids we'd like you to leave at home 😂
It is not called a boat. It is called a ship. You find boats on ships. As I found out as a new naval recruit 45 years ago.
When visiting Harrod's, we did get some funny looks when putting jam first. How do you put jam on slippery cream? You can put jam second after the butter(in North America)!
Hello, thank you for this memory. I have crossed twice on the Queen Mary 2. Unforgettable. Hope to go again someday.
It is amazed that you are bringing your mum on cruises. 👍👍👍
It's crazy to think that even at the end of 2022 there was still businesses that required vaccinations! I couldn't even imagine if they also required masks! Both things that do nothing to protect you 🤣
I think flying is getting alot more dangerous with what is happening in the middle east,  I will be taking this ship exclusively.
Sorry we didn’t see your video review earlier, we haven’t been searching for QM2 videos as we were on the SAME crossing as you! LOL Wish you had shown G32 and the late night fun in the club! We had a wonderful time in Queens Grille and will do the crossing again!
Looks like a retirement village on a ship how boring.
To avoid ruining dinner afternoon tea for me is a cup of tea and a buttered scone! A good fresh scone needs nothing else1
that was the way to newyork from titanic
Any tips on the best time of year to make this journey?
Good coverage of the Princess experience. Here are a few things that weren't mentioned: Cunard is the only line, to my knowledge, that maintains the class system. The lowest class is Britannia, for which the main restaurant is the Britannia Grill. The menu choices in this restaurant are much more limited than in the higher classes, Princess Grill and Queen's Grill, there is no a la carte menu, and each course is limited to a choice of four or five items, one of which is vegetarian or vegan and one "healthy". Britannia passengers can alternately eat at specialty restaurants for an additional charge, or at the pub or buffets. During off season fare in Britannia class can be under $1000.  The top class, Queen's Grill, is Princess on steroids. Large cabins and suites, extensive choices in the restaurant including caviar, and your choice of free alcoholic beverages in your cabin, replenished as needed. Afternoon tea and cocktails in the area reserved for Princess and Queen passengers only. Two assigned butlers per cabin. One crossing on the Queen Victoria I was upgraded to the enormous Berengaria Suite with two bathrooms, living and dining rooms, tub and shower, kitchen, and enormous wrap-around deck.
Young man you have no idea how lucky you are to have your Mom with you. My son and I used to travel as well in Europe, unfortunately he left me so soon. I missed him tremendously.
Your mum does look lovely.
U kinda didn't have first class suite tho. Assuming u got princess and not queen grill suite.
It is nice seeing you and your mum. You are a good son😊
I’m new to the channel.  What’s with NASA?
That price isn’t bad at all! Especially if you are wanting to relax AND take your dogs!
I just love seeing him and his Mum!!
Love it when you bring your Trek Trendy family along , it's great to hear their comments. Have you done a trip with all four of you, that would be a blast? I think I would choose the Queen Mary 2 though.
U shared  a room with your mom for 7 days?
Pinning anything but a boutonniere to the lapel of the jacket is a vile and gross violation of the tuxedo.
You'll get that old debate of "she's a dated cruise ship".  First she's a liner, with a narrower beam and a deeper draft than modern cruise ships as she is designed to travel in the North Atlantic, and despite the images in this video, it can still be a pleasant passage in the worst of weathers.  Yes her values may be "dated" in her decor and service, but that is what many of us want.  The idea of being dressed for dinner and gloved waiters for afternoon tea and grandiose dinners make the experience wonderful.  If you disagree that's fine, dont go on this ship.  I too took my mother on her for about 30 days including two crossings.  I concur with just about everything that you said.  What I loved was the relationship that I formed with my waiters at dinner, and my room steward. I would have gone back in a heartbeat just to be looked after by them again.  The best memories of that trip always included them.
We love her.
How wonderful to let your mother accompany you.   Truly delightful.
So glad you're able to do some of these things with your Mom and Dad.  Such great memories are being made.  BTW...you're Mom is a very pretty lady.
Cream on the scone (gone) first
I am very happy you and mom had a lovely voyage
in the middle of the ocean for 7 days, with almost only guests over 60 or 70 years old, of course there's gonna be medical emergencies and evacs lol
Jam spreads cream dollops hence jam first.
I'm from America but I'm always down for jammin...😅🤣
interesting watching this video seeing my uncle goes on the queen and princess grills on these ships 😂
Your Mother my Compliment . great looking, young ladylike, sophisticated in all. Small Figure with Highheels high Boots,  not only attractive, better much better.
Love. YES
Please stop saying "whilst"... It is so so gay!
So if Royal Caribbean and Celebrity Cruises is first class, then the Queen Mary 2 is the Staten Island Ferry.
I’m new what’s his obsession with NASA branding
What a difference with the largest Cruise ship you took! 😊❤
This guys videos are awesome! He covers everything, I felt as if I was really there with him.
Do not ever take your dinner jacket of in a rstaurant !
In the evening you have to  have use black shoe!
I love your videos. They are very well made and informative. I am curious, why to you wear NASA gear?
This is the nearest I’ll get to my cruise. That ship has sailed. M.
20:15 Who saw HMHS Britannic at the back?
I cruised QM11 from Dubai to NY in Queens Grill it was amazing, Egypt especially, the trip to NY was Titanics anniversary of the 100th year sing it sunk, they had a wreth laying ceremony over the spot Titanic Sunk. Id recommend this ship to anyone.
Ain't no way that bro went to queen Mary 2
That's where the Titanic traveled on that same route in 1912. When It collided With an iceberg and sank in less than five minutes, killing one thousand five hundred people I'm glad you didn't run into any icebergs on this route.😅
"Spend time with your pet'...and every owner is playing on their laptop, ignoring the dogs.
Always Jam first
Every time on your videos when mention you’re having a G&T, all I can think is I’m going to have a C sucking G&T!
Your Mom Seems lovely!!  As with all of your videos, I enjoyed this one too!
I think this ship is beautiful from the inside and outside
🪔What a special time for you and mum...Take care...
I love all of your shows however, when mom and dad and Miele are on camera, it makes it even more special
Timmz 😮
On my fucking bucket list
Absolutely wonderful to see you and your mum on the journey, regretably never got the chance to go on a journey with my mother like this and all respect to you for doing so.
A trip just like Titanic, but still going.
Julie looked absolutely stunning in her black gown!
really ur video so nice every corner clearly nice view and enjoy with ur mother.
I think 5198 pounds for 2 full board is a great price, when you think business class flights for a 12 hour flight would be more, 7 nights in such luxury, what a steal, great video.
Even we Colonials know, ALWAYS Jam first!
as a waiter i really want on a cruise ship! My love for offering this type of services and my extreme LOVE for ships are just the best compination for this type of workplaces
Like when you don't have a favorite champagne 🥂
So sweet of you to bring your mum. I'd love to do this for my parents one day.❤
fyi first queen mary is haunted
Are you flying a drone around? If so, surprised you’re allowed to do so.
I hope one day they build another ocean liner.  I thought for a second that was the Queen Elizabeth 2 and i was  Like how are you going to nyc from London if that ship is in Dubai.  Then I saw queen mary 2 and then i realized that it’s not the ocean liner I though it was.
Omg….you are such a lovely boy. (Sorry)…6taking your mum and dad with you as well as Millie on your adventures…brought a tear ..parents sometimes do get left behind..after all you have done for them through the years…new subscriber here….but really enjoy ❤️ Been on QM2 before x
Hey what watch do you have?
Me thinking of sam and Colby ghost investigation on queen Mary
Fantastic vlog trek trendy ❤ loved watching it
If you don't like elevators, can you do stairs?
I know Titanic
Vaccination Records ?!?
What's the explanation for the NASA  Badges, etc
what is that camera he is using?
Eravamo in 7 persone nelle qa2. Gli altri passeggeri erano degli straccioni vestiti da straccioni.l' equipaggio non so ,spero fosse meglio del personale di cabina e dei camerieri semianalfabeti del Bangladesh quando andava bene. Food orribileou degno di emigranti. Tutta apparenza nessuna sostanza. Ho mangiato solo al buffet così  ero sicura di trovare almeno pane e burro.tutto triste, privo di qualsiasi fascino. Ristoranti a pagamento cari e vomitosi,con camerieri offensivi. HO  molte crociera con Costa o Msc, neanche paragone con lo straccione di QA 2.
Where did you live in countries?
Fun Fact: This is a Ocean liner or A Cruise ship
Got to be a great guy who will go on holiday with his mum!!!
Hi there definitely put the Jam first and then the cream as it's easier to put cream on top of jam than jam on top of cream!!!
TITANIC
"To the fine dinning", Now That, never gets old.
your are the luckiest people on the earth. enjoying the life that we can not even dream of.
Good video. Interested in the camera drone you used. I’m on Queen Mary in February for 26 days and my knowledge is that mini drones are not allowed but I want to take some general videos of all the places we are going to. Thanks.
Queen Mary 1 is a Landmark in Long Beach, California. It'll be really nice to visit the Queen Mary 1 for your channel 😊❤️🙏🏽💯
Walk in closet
Cream then jam.
Cream 1st, then a teeny tiny bit of jam second, always! Just how I like it!
I like titanic more
I thought it will sink
My Nan came here on a Queen ship, it's a dream of mine to take this voyage.
fun fact: this is the LAST OPERATIONAL OCEAN LINER on earth.
At least all the icebergs have melted in present day
What a lovely video to watch and like others have said, made me daydream of doing the same w family. ❤️ Thank you for sharing your trip w us 😊
Oh! God Beautiful priceless, Dream 😊
I LOVE AND I MEAN LOVE FISH AND CHIPS HAVE IT VERY CHANCE I GET
Only butter - thats how I enjoy mine
uk to usa in a luxury ship?..... nah, i've seen this before, i'll pass it
can someone explain the NASA references
This actually looks way more relaxing than a regular cruise 🥰
Was the Princess Grill restaurant food included?
Love how you complimented your lovely mam
$22,000, and $1,270 taxes. 😂
I did the same trip with my grandmother. Essentially all of the original Cunarders were built in our hometown, including the Lusitania, Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth, and QE2. She promised to me when I was 4 that we'd go on a Cunard liner one day.  So for my 18th and her 70th we board the QM2. It was a wonderful trip, and I even met my current girlfriend and got my first kiss onboard!
TODAYYYYY
How much does it cost for one passenger?
I honestly wonder how much people eat during cruises versus if they were simply just traveling to another country... I wonder if people eat more than they would otherwise on land since there is less to do on a cruise ship, especially cruises that span more than a few days (yes I know that many cruise ships have entertainment and other things to check out, but they also tend to have a LOT of food options).  I guess the plus side is that for some cruises and/or cruise fare levels, meals are included and sometimes drinks too, so you could probably eat as much as you want within reason and it won't cost you anything extra really (whereas on land you'd probably have to pay for whatever you eat in most cases , unless perhaps you do an all-inclusive resort maybe).
7:43 that's the most British theatre that I have ever seen and the show  was  too British to be honest.
Question  What is you have bring a Medical Device with you like a Cpap Machine and the room doesn't have a place to plug in. Will the ship people will help me to plug in and help me with distilled water for my machine.
How can someone like me to be Youtuber.
Is he using a drone
jam 1st Cornwall the wrong way Devon - Cornishman
This voyage is my dreams 😅 keep it up from kurdistan 🎉❤
I am Sooo jealous,  My husband and I will have to sail on this ship one day, beautiful.  And it’s jam before the cream on the scones😊🎉 🛳️🚢🌊🏖️☀️
You are a good son, keep it up brother! Love from Canada
Hi can you go do celebrity edge class ships.
Your mom is delightful. What a lovely trip for her. Cream first, then jam.
Titanic!!!!!!!
What about cat’s?
Whats up with the NASA badges?
guy souinds like hes constantly trying to force out a poo
Hi from NSW Australia 🇦🇺 I’m so glad I have found this video and yes with scones I like butter first then jam then heaps of cream
Omg man i hope Cunard build more classic Ocean liner's like Aquatiania 2
How much cost tickets? For regular cabin?
Jam first.
My biggest dream
Aw, it's really sweet that you went with your mum, looks like a fabulous time.
Wait it looks like a titanic but it's a queen mary 2
What a wonderful trip. The bad weather is an awesome bonus!
Che lingua si parla a mordo della nave 😊
i like how you name all the ships luxury but is not the case for all.
Do you tip any service provider on the ship at any time ??? Is it allowed ??
Hmmm Titanic vibes...
Re-watching this video again... almost had a tear in my eye as you left Southampton... its my dream to cruise Southampton to New York... fully blame my intense fascination with everything that surrounds 1912.
It looks incredible. I wonder if vegans have any hope of good choices? (as opposed to the three raw slices of beetroot on a plate I got in one restaurant inspite of booking in advance!)  It looks amazing though. I am fascinated with maritime history.
I'm still so impressed with your videography and editing skills of your videos mate!  This probably the best video I've seen of the Queen Mary 2 Atlantic crossing!
I am looking into doing a  Qn. Mary 2 Transatlantic from New York to London this year in December in a Princess Suite. We'll see... But, I am generally disappointed at the size of their Princess "Suite". It's too small for what I call a Suite. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Oh well..
You know what I’m gonna say titanic
the worlds last ocean liner :C:C
Jam then cream. Your mum looks more like ur sister she's beautiful.
what if you didnt have a covid jab?
hmm this journey sounds familiar…
Would love this
Interesting! I would love to take this trip once in my life. Just curious, did Cunard pay tribute (idk, blow the horn or something like that) when you sailed close to where Titanic sank?
that was the titanic first port on her first/last time
Wow James Bond eat your heart out!!!
Hi there always jam first and cream on top as it's harder to put jam on top of cream than cream on top of jam!! Logical!!!
The cherry on top is the have enough lifeboats
This is amazing, but come on who would choose ship over an airplane to travel cross Atlantic
The last ocean liner is also the worst! Nobody says "Queen Mary 2" when asked about their #1 ocean liner. I am happy it is there but so sad.
That has to be the best review I've seen. I thought the jacuzzi looked a bit unloved
A trip on her across the Atlantic is on my bucket list
My half brother worked on that exact ship. I can now proudly say that as he worked on the last ocean liner there will ever be. (probably)
18:59 lovely homage to rms titanic 😢😭 never forget
Your remaking the titanic  ?
Only in england
You took your mom with you on a cruise ship? Well done! I would give anything to be able to do that to my mom.
Eat, sit, eat, watch other people, eat, sleep, eat, eat, eat....boring. Or you can buy your own sailing yacht, and cross the Atlantic with lots, and lots of adventure.....never boring
Nice to see you and your Mum had such a romantic time together.
Unless they have binoculars in the crows nest, not getting me on there.
Выкладывайте видео чаще
I wonder how many times somebody’s asked the orchestra to play Nearer My God to Thee
where is your dad
How does one get back home?
That's a modern-day Titanic
Traveled round trip from New York on the QE2 in 99 with family...England, Scotland, Ireland, France, Sweden, Denmark and Norway....A trip of a lifetime! 🚢💕
So is everyone on this cruise 70 years old and up? Seriously, I am thinking of doing this cruise. But want to be able to meet some people under 40
a very beautiful ship indeed
Im drooling here at all the food..amazing
gj man gj
Wow that's a lot cheaper than I thought.
Queen Mary 2 is a beautiful ship ! Still looks classic when most modern ships look hideous and obese !
I thought you was going to ask your Mum what she thought about her first day on the Titanic...
You just can't watch this video without thinking about the titanic
Zabardast ji. 🎉
Jacket off for dinner? Good Lord…
7 DAYS.... FORT ME>l>.>>>  TOO MUCH
Definitely need to experience this!
You really should bring your mom with you more often. I'm curious about two things.  One,   did you have to wear a tuxedo or would a black suit have sufficed.  Second, it isn't that often that you see a vegetarian parent and a meat-eating child these days, usually its the reverse.  It's funny that I seem to want to pick everything you do off the menu.
P.ort O.ut S.tarboard H.ome 😉 IYKYK
Aww ..you and your mom are so sweet. I wish I can do this trip with mine but she's kinda scared of cruise ships so I don't think she will like an ocean liner💀
Why didnt they mention the moment where u crossed the titanic wreckage site..it should have been a hit for the passengers.  Or am i missing something.
if it's that popular why don't they build another one
Please don't upload such pro-capitalist garbage videos again.
Trek, this is one of your best videos,great with your mum solo lovely
Jam then cream
I Wish the Titanic Would Of Never Sanked😔
Brilliant video of you and your mum aboard this amazing ship Will 🎉❤
If Cunard decides to create another Titanic, the safety protocols and technology must follow Queen Mary 2 while it retains the original exterior & interior designs of Titanic. People learned the flaws of the first Titanic but for the 2nd Titanic it is all improved. Both are Ocean lines so it makes sense.
You did not just pronounce scones like that. Amazing video though 😂
So you didn't go from London to newyork by ship you went from south Hampton.
Exactly the route of Titanic 🚢...😍
CATS ON BOARD??? BETTER BE CAREFUL WITH THEM CAUSE THE JUMP EVERYWHERE!
Our Mums deserve the best. Your Mum is the queen of the Atlantic .
Other than the wonderfully designed Titanic, this is such a beautiful ship. I love that nowadays, all the rooms look the same, and that everyone is treated equally. Its grace and beauty is outstanding! Love it!
i wish titanic could complete its journey same like this..but unfortunately it could not
What an awesome treat for your mum and yourself.
I have a question about the Transatlantic Crossing on QM2:  Was there any announcement on board when you passed the position, where the Titanic sank?
Bro I took a 10 day cruise for $700 (buddy also paid $700) and tbh, I don't see the amenities you had vs the ones I had scale enough to justify your ticket being $5k and mine only being $700. Guess I'll have to sail QM myself to fully know that.
As usual, a great review. Did NYC to England in 2004 the year after it was launched and what a wonderful experience. The Queen’s Grill level was opulent. We made friends with a couple from England with whom we’ re still in contact. Worth every cent.
But yes there’s a special place in hell for those who abuse champagne or waste it.  Don’t worry EVERYONE understood
Oh I wouldn’t have a half bottle of bubbly left
Jam then cream on your scones, absolutely the only way. This trip sound a great way to cross the pond
I always think of the joke “My husband works for Cunard, Oh my husband is a boiler maker and he works quite hard too 😎” 🇬🇧🇺🇸
We cruised for the first time last month on QM2 from Southampton to Norway and we’ll be going with Cunard again for sure
I'm very surprised they allowed you to take off your jacket in the dining room, usually frowned upon in formal occasions.
In our opinion butter is best served first with scones
It all looks a bit disappointing. The interior looks like most cheap 3 star hotels, an out dated 4 star at best.
Lovely video. But I don’t think I would like being a ship with nothing to see except sea. I would be bored. Interesting to see though. Thanks.
This guy comes across as incredibly smug.
This is what I want to do if I ever go to Europe  I’ll have to get my dog a passport tho 😂
God bless you🙏🙏🙏,Love from kerala
how much does it cost?
👋🤗How lovely you take your mum on a cruise,  what a lovely jester indeed👏👏👏
Do they have enough lifeboats for everyone onboard?
Do you still require a negative COVID test for 2023?
The ship has a long rich heritage but looks pretty dilapidated and not as luxurious as I imagined it would be based off its rich history and reputation
Jam first on the scones
butter before jam
How much is Princess Grill Suites ??
Very interesting early comment about small portions at breakfast very British criticism !
New York strip steak with fries? Garlic rosemary mash seems more appropriate. Seriously, fries?
Assumably, the Queen Mary 2 seemed like a very ancient relic, more of an artifact rather than a luxury cruiser. But honestly, it has glitz and glamor that could put any standard cruise ship to shame. I would love to sail from the states to the kingdom one day on sea with this lovely lady.
My grandparents took the Queen Mary to Europe back in the 1950s. This was enjoyable to watch, and it warmed my heart to watch you with your lovely mum. May I recommend taking a cruise on Regent Seven Seas? My own late mum 😢 and I took it to Alaska in 2008 and it was one of the nicest trips I’ve ever been on.
Happy 1 year anniversary my cute Pootis Gang :3 🎉❤ woohoo ❤
OMG Amazing and Luxurious ❤
I thought it would be more luxurious
Great Vlog .YOU ARE SUCH WONDERFUL SON TO YOUR MOM.CHEERS TO YOU BOTH.😊
What type of camera are you using.
Random question. Whats the name brand of your tennis shoes? I like them.
Mom looked stunning!
Underwhelming Interiors!
How precious is your mom!!!!
First time see ur vedios ❤❤❤
Thanks
I don't know why they stopped using Ocean Liner ships nowadays. First of all because of global warming there are only few icebergs 2nd ships nowadays are being lowered by a crane automatically not manually by a crew. Third the watertight doors of a ship nowadays are more safe than before. Fourth ship is larger than a plane & you can walk on the deck & has gymnasium so you won't be sitting all day. 5th ships do not cause much air pollution compared to old days Titanic need 3 funnels or smoke chimney to function while the fourth one was used as ventilation in the kitchen. Ships nowadays only need 1  funnel & use deisel rather than coal. 6th The lifeboats of ships nowadays are closed & use propellers instead of rows which is more convenient.
Ridiculous they’re still enforcing covid protocols lol
Bringing the Champagne?  Uncouth?   Trek, You are leading your Mom to Dining, wearing a bow tie, whilst Mom is dressed to the 9's . Mom in arm, while holding the half bottle of Champagne walking into dinner service...  Uncouth?  No, what You are is a Class Act to the Nth Degree.  Same for your Beautiful Mum !  You pulled that off not only Brilliantly, but in a way your Mum will remember forever. Good on You Sir !
I'd love someone to cruise with
I'm sure you have woken up several times and literally couldn't remember where you were as you've traveled around the world!!😂
Those sunglasses should come with a complimentary seeing eye dog.
meals look too small..need 2 breakfast 2 dinners lol
My six yr old is obsessed with ocean liners and the idea of afternoon tea - the only trouble is that we’re from Texas, so “afternoon tea” here means a big ol pitcher of iced sweet tea. We, like the British, also take this quite seriously.  Love from a Space City native btw. You put the BUTTER on first.  So it’ll melt.    Looks amazing. It’s so strange having a small child who builds Titanic, Olympic, Britannic, Lusitania, and Mauritania in Minecraft, but he absolutely wants to do this Cunard trip more than the Royal Caribbean ship.  The only thing, as a cruiser, I keep looking for - how is the casino?   Love seeing a mom and son cruise together!
Love that you took your mom on this cruise with you.😊😊😊❤
hi not a jam fan but definitely cream with marmalade
11:33 Wow, cleaning standards are low in public areas. They really need to clean that.
I’m very happy to burst your bubble & will happily contradict you…but THAT ain’t NO balcony😂😂😂!! It’s nothing more than an extremely small & short walkway!! Don’t even dare call it a balcony!!
I understand the Covid test but who in the world has a list of all vaccinations received over their lifetime ?
Enjoyed your video. Although never been to New York City, still I felt like I am travelling physically.
😇
Jam
If you could ever swing it I’d love to see you hitching a ride on a US or UK cruiser or destroyer or frigate crossing the Atlantic. It’d bring back memories and might be spicy change for a moment to your usual content.  Kudos if you participate as an observer to drills like man overboard or fire or general quarters and especially if you join in rolling 8’s or the infamous, you’re a boatswain mate, we’re unstaffed, you’ll be working 16-18 hours a day. Nothing makes hot dogs and pizza casserole taste good like being overworked and under sleeped!  Just thought it might’ve an awesome addendum to your channel.
Great video. I LOVED the bit about the dogs!
I KNOW A GIRL THAT LOVES TO TRAVEL WIT HER FAM A LOT I MEAN A LOT SHE COMES BACK BERRY JOYOUS I WISH I OWNED MY OWN VESSEL M DT
What a great trip report!  Thank you so much.
Buy some clothes for yourself too bro, i feel bad looking at that beach shirt and nasa tshirt
Fat little whinging Pom complained about the small portion of breakfast. Looks likes he needs more food.
Cream first. ALWAYS CREAM FIRST. 😊
I love watching your videos! Particularly this one how lovely that you got to do this together ❤
Your mom is just sooooo wonderful / adorable!!! Thank you for sharing her with all of us!!!!
Loving these!! Esp. as you journey beyond flying and trains!
You know what always captures my heart is the fact that u treat yr mum n dad on these trips, I don't know you personally but to see your parents smile 😊 fills my heart with warmth, yr a really good son for treating yr loved ones so well. God bless u 😇
ok, so my spouse and I watched this last night and booked a voyage on the  Queen Mary 2 today!
I love riding that ship from london to nee york
Jam then cream.  Eaten open face. Not closed sandwich.
This not fun this ship follow titanic route ship sink anytime
Jam then clotted cream even though I am from Devon which should be the other way round.
I loved the dog show!
It's always jammmmmmmm never cream and the cream has to be cloted
Thanks for the video! I’m doing the crossing with my dad in late summer but I need to work from the ship.   Could I ask if you were able to upload videos while at sea? Or in general how strong was the Wi-Fi? Thanks again!!
pretty expense.   He paid the equivalent of over $6,000.00 in US dollars for the trip!
What did they mean by vaccination record, do they require you to have your entire vaccination record, or the poisonous shot, or both?
The Queen mary seems super old and very popular to old people, I probably wouldn't go on it myself.
For wine enthusiasts, the QM2 also has the best wine cellar at sea, with a very wide range of wines, whether in terms of terroir, producer, or price.
Princess section is OK, the rest of the ship looks really dated and tacky. Thanks for sharing this video.  Now I know how I'd never want to travel to USA.  LOL
❤❤❤, I love this! I didn't know that you could still go by ship!!
I hate traveling but I like this.
That's a good deal for 7 nights for two people.  All the inclusion that was offered....😊
The views of your arrival in NYC are stunning. Greta video. Thank you for sharing with us.
I thought it resemblances the Titanic and the lifeboats. 😉
what happened with the airlift thing???
Please do more cruise videos!
Well done for clearly showing the pricings. It really does help a person get some idea of whether this trip is possible or merely a dream! Thank you! 👊
You have a young and beautiful mom. Cherish her.
The queen Mary 2 is in the Cunard line in the Cunard line was the RMS lusitania. The Lusitania sank it was very traigic
Could people stop saying the interiors or bathrooms are "dated".  Not everything should be "Ikea Modern" which too many individuals mistake for style" these days...yawn...
You do a great job, we enjoy watching your videos. Just a thought, if Cary Grant would not wear it, you should  not.  You are a handsome man and not overweight. Don't torture yourself, buy bigger jackets, skip the torn jeans and you will be more comfortable.  .
There is nothing better than Cunard’s White Star service.
È molto bello che sei con la tua mamma ❤
Jam
great video
This is on my bucket list of trips to take. I booked it last year but had to cancel due to family illness.
What is the camera you are using the remote for
Lovely to see your mum and even better to hear that she is vegetarian 👍👍
Cream then jam.
Compared to the trains, your suite looked like it was the size of a large bedroom apartment in Iowa state.
How much did this cost?? Your travel videos are usually so expensive for th average .
RMS TITANIC  SOUTHAMPTON TO RAINBOW RANGERS
Jam first then cream
I’m a new viewer and your videos are all good, but this one just made me glow. I lost my mom a few years back and this is such an amazing adventure for the two of you. Thank you for sharing this.
I sailed on the last voyage of the USS United States from Europe and it was a great experience.  Quite elegant.
Sailed on the Queen Mary from Cape Town to Southampton. What an unforgettable experience.
again the NASA shirt ..does this guy have some kind of Autism ?  every single episode ..literally hundreds ..same NASA shirt and sweater ..its just weird
mRNA compliance is the reason for that medical emergency. It happening everywhere!   Just shut up and be silent is like from a regime of nazie fascist socialist authoritarian corrupt elites who wants to take over the world and the Jews are evil and they will destroy you, the fear mongering BS from corporate run governments and their propaganda !  Trillionaires own everything !
Well Done Mate...
The moment anyone mentions Southampton the luxury goes out the window regardless  of how luxurious the ship is. Its like saying Calis and safety
I'm glad you took your mom she looked like she had a fun time and she's a lovely looking lady....
My guys Dad must work for BP
i bet this dude trek trendy makes love to his dog every once in a while
what sea state was that at 21:25 ? 4 or 5?
I have to say it does not look any better then Royal Caribbean. Our balcony room didn’t appear to be much smaller then your cabin. There are as many choices for dining as well. I do appreciate that this is a liner not a cruise ship. The Queen Mary doesn’t seem to be one or the other. I imagine it’s a once in a lifetime experience.
i went inside the presidential sweet of this boat, i didnt book it but my uncle stopped at a port nearby and part of that sweet allows you to bring on friends for lunch
$5000 for 2 in first class seems pretty cheap!
You are the best! I enjoy your videos immensely, be it with mom or dad or the lovely Millie!  Thank you! 🥳🥳🥳🤩
How wonderful to take your mum on this trip. My mums no longer here but I always wanted to take her to NY as a treat. Sadly I can’t.
Amazing life
Amazing video...  Beautiful video. Love it...  Again thanks for sharing...   😊
No icebergs we’re hurt I’m the making of this video (titanic reference)
Another very very very beautiful video...  Thank you so much for sharing
Vaccination record?  No thanks
What is the selfie stick tech you're using? Is it a selfie drone? Could you link it?
Enough with the NASA…
How are you videoing and walking? Trying to figure out what you are holding in your hand.
The only thing that is missing, is an evening perfomance of an alien diva singing to HipHop 😅
Jam on scones first!!
What a man ! took his mother to New York !
Did they not promise this to TITANIC
Oh you poor thing having to suffer Again another 1st class trip ,having to drink champagne five course meals and luxurious cabins and seats. . I guess you must get fed up traveling around the world in luxury. All the average people have suffer cattle class and would never see such luxury but I surpose  you don't mind rubbing our face in it. .
Clotted cream always goes on the scone first and spread so the jam can be dabbed on top!
It doesn't look any bigger than the _Mauretania_
'Luxury' ship with flea-bitten mutts pooing and weeing all over it - i don't think so!!
Well done.
Typical English cream tea is Jam first then cream.
I 'm so glad you took your mom on this trip. You sure made memories to keep☺
Your mother is a very pretty lady.
I would love to go on a trip like this to America but I'm so worried after watching Titanic
It clothes not cloves!
not gon lie, MILFY....
That ship has been in south Africa for a wile now wander if it's damaged
Love that your mom joined you. It's a beautiful ship
what was wrong with the cheesecake? =(
Seen a few videos of this bloke, pretty good. What's with the NASA stuff?
Great video .. reminds me of my voyage on the same ship , same route … nice to see the refurbished rooms , they were starting to age and look quite decent here …. We had president george bush senior along with his extended family on the ship as well…
Jam then cream of coarse  what are you a savage   lol
Jam 😊
We’re u using a drone to film? If yes, wat model is it?
I love Millie, but your Mama is most definitely an excellent replacement! She’s so cute!
FYI----They are referred to as ships and NOT boats Also they are referred to as staterooms and NOT cabins especially on Cunard ships !
My grandma and granddad did a similar crossing on the QE2 back in the day, then flew back on Concorde the following week. They have about three photo albums of the trip!
Eat at an Arby’s would be better then that food, and the entertaining is just a cheap knock off of dolly partons in the Smokey mountains and a lot cheaper.
Just discovered your channel and I'm really enjoying it.  Really love your appreciation for travel and this ship was amazing!
What's with the nasa thing?
What a wonderful trip with your mum
The deck that goes around the outside of the ship is a promenade deck.
I’m looking for background, does he do these tours for a living or is he a young billionaire 🤷🏽‍♂️
Did you travel port out starboard home by any chance 😉
I put cream first😊
So sensual and so erotic yet so sad
Did you go back on the ship or fly home?
Best QE2 video. Yes, jam first then cream. How could there be any debate 😂.
Jam first then cream on the scones. Your mom is stunning.
Brilliant videos of you and family travelling around the world, some amazing places to see, but please forgive me for asking, how do you fund these amazing trips? These are just dreams for me in the UK on low income. Love your channel and can't wait to see more of your amazing adventures.
What does DC time stand for?
Serious question. Was there anyone under the age of 75 on board except for you? 😂 Looks like a retirement home at sea. Not that that’s actually a bad thing, at least you don’t get any dickheads ruining it for everyone
Scones=both cream and jam together..always clotted cream and jam 👍🏻❤️
Thank you for your videos! Due to poor health I’ll probably never get to travel so I thoroughly enjoy watching your adventures!!
Pampered kid.
This guy loves hs NASA t'shirts.
You were on the QM2 at the same time as my brother. He is a musician in the orchestra in the ballroom. He is also a composer and arranger. ❤️🇨🇦
What gimbal are you using Will?  Amazing stability
absolutely the best! thanks for thios excellent post! Happy Sailing in future
Good Guy , What A Great Mother`s Day Gift . I use My Phone to Take a pic of Were My Room is.
Happy memories of crossing both ways over the Atlantic with a full day in New York, as guests of my late and lovely Auntie Mary. She sat in her cabin like the Queen of Sheba, being waited on by her favourite head waiter, Ralph. We had a wonderful cruise and lots of treasured memories of the QM2 and our own Mary, who made our holiday complete.
im newer here, whats with NASA
creen first then jam john
you edit it look likes resident evil originals 😂  very good tho
Where is your wife and your father?
How to make cruising boring.. Hello, I'm Cunard. I know.. it's not really "cruising" but still.. all this etiquette is just too much I guess, those people look too happy..
That’s a really grand voyage for 7 days! Thanks for taking us there with you! So sweet of you to get your Mum to be with you on this trip.❤️❤️❤️
Is it just me, or does anyone else think that the Prnicess Grill menu selections are disappointing; and small portion are two words you should never have to say on a luxury ship.
JAM ON FIRST, IT'S THE LAW
I'm guessing you were using a drone for some of your shots?  Which done?  Any problems using it on board?
I like in 1907 it was a 4 day boat And in 2023 its a 7 day boar😢
What an amazing trip! And your Mum would have loved it! Good on you!
Wonderful video. Thank you. I did have a moment of laughter when I, just for a moment, thought you were pouring a glass of gin for the morning. ;) Cheers!
Can you do voice overs of your videos in American English for those of us who can't handle the harsh brogue of the originators of the language?
I wish I could take my mom also on a cruise like this.
Kudos to you for bringing your sweet and beautiful Mom with you!! Bravo! Video is great as usual and now I'm gonna find the time and money to join this trip too!!
next time you come to NYC you need to take a Weiser Tour of the secrets of NYC. They offer great tours. Private and special for up to 4 passengers. They are car tours with lunch. 6 to 8 hrs long.  I love watching your trips. THanks.
titanc
I'm convinced Trek Trendy has 15 apartments across the world and owns every single transports facility in the world
How come you wear so much NASA merch?    Pin included.    Did you work for them at some point?
Love your Mum's smile.
I’m new to this channel... what is his connection to nasa?
How come almost every comment is about his mom? 😅
Lots of ship went to France first. Like the Titanic I think
Thanks!
I would really like to do this trip. The ship is amazing and you brought it to life for me.  You also always make me feel very hungry 😂
WHAT!? THIS OCEAN LINER IS LITERALLY THE SIZE OF THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING! HOW BIG WOULD AN ACTUAL CRUISE SHIP BE?!
Chek Chendy
This line is the same line as the Titanic, in fact Cunard took over and bought the White Star Line. For any fan of Titanic history this is a very interesting journey, not to mention the last survival of the great and luxurious transatlantic voyages of the past.
This is nice, NY to England, spent a month in GB traveling and then go back to NY,  was this trip 6000$ one way or back too, and if one stick to the package travel deal "thee" its all included? oh Im sure there are extras for extra $. I will check with Cunard . The crossing in style is way better that that fly by jet, and I know on water is a bit bumpy, but I had a fly by from NY just to Boston, some time ago, in a storm...wow a 45 minutes that I will never forget, bumpy Atlantic, oh well I would have to drink a bit on the heavy side to compensate the mother nature swings, he he.TH
Great video, just found you and I am binge watching.   Since Covid, doggie holidays are so popular, we went abroad twice a year before Covid, we tend to stay in the UK these days as I miss them too much, how times have changed
One question.  In a big boat this one would you still get sea sick?
Beautiful video.  Loved seeing you and your mother together and enjoying the time together.   What’s with the NASA and Timberlands in each video????
I love watching your travels.  Do you plan to go to Fiji, Maldives, or other wonderful places?  Also I am happy you also bring your parents of your travels
What happened with the helicopter?
Красивый корабль, с нотками старого стиля, эпох океанских лайнеров, начало 20 века.
Very nice, I enjoyed so much with this Video,Thanks & Good Luck.
5,000 is pretty reasonable considering a great lakes cruise cost that and goes to, where again? Oh, yeah, Detroit, Cleveland and Milwaukee 😅
He said whilst 😂
What do you use to get the walking shots.  Looks like you're just holding a remote with a drone tracking it?
Your Mom is adorable. I just lost mine in November. Treasure yours.
I really like his timberland boots 😍
Lucky you!  I had to cancel my cruise for June 2023 due to an upcoming operation and recovery.
hi,young man hope u do well in ur vlog,from malaysia
Monday 3-13-23. Really enjoying your channel. I have two questions. What is your connection with NASA?  Number 2. I really like your orange tens. Please tell me what is the manufacture of them and what style number are they?  We don’t even know that your name is. Thanks for your help and hard work. Ralph Amarillo Texas.
are you allowed to keep the the gown and the slippers from your room
6 grand for two people to cross the Atlantic? Sounds like a bargain considering the food and entertainment.
I don’t think I could do this. I still have ptsd from the titanic.
Hi there. You do produce some very good aviation videos and I do enjoying following you.    I am a four decade plus, heart and soul aviator (pilot, Fixed to FJ and Rotary Wing).   Please continual to produce your very absorbing and interesting Aviation content..    However.   The Dress Code on the QM2 is something you have to be properly "bought into" !     It is not something to be proud of being able to construct a "Work Around" for and be dismissive about not being able to wear your Timberlands!       Please show some respect for the Queen Mary 2 and "Her" concept of proper formality and all it really implies physically and in spirit.   Thank you.
If you ever take any Cunard voyage again, you can store your luggage under your bed.  Congrats on a well-done Vlog; I watched it a couple times with all your good info! We’re off on Transatlantic Crossing in Princess Grill on the 10th floor from Southampton this summer.
I pray that one day I can treat my mum and dad to a first class experience. You’re a lucky man. 🙏🏾
@TrekTrendy - loving your reviews - particularly this one.  Tech question - are you using a drone to get these shots? Risky - off the side of an ocean going vessel! What video gadgets are you using so nimbly??
Wooow..besar sekali kapalnya
Grazie per farci sognare❤️
One thing you failed to cover. Is the rude ,  nasty, disgusting, degenerates,  guests/ people  on these cruises! I  would never ever take a vacation being cooped up with a bunch of scumbags,  degenerates!
If i ate on this ship, they would have to off load me with a crane.
I researched a passage but there is very little chance they would let me heat up water in my cabin for my special diet.  I would have to starve...however, that kettle indicates I was not given the right info, perhaps?  Of course, formal dress is a deal breaker for me.
I would love this, definitely want to do this one day
Eating more healthy I see! All that first class dining comes with an added responsibility lol
Love seeing you taking you Mom on the adventure, it's a truly classy move. Thanks for the great content.
❤️❤️❤️
Cool trip. Reminds on the old times where travelling could be done this way
Your mom is a sweetheart. Nice video.
Good video. Good on you for taking your mum.
I am wondering whether you would doing a Hurtigruten trip based in Norway.  These trips combine a communication system to remote areas as well as tourism but may not attain the luxury level of this Atlantic voyage.  I should be interested in learning more about these apparently scenic and sustainable trips. Incidentally it is Hurtigruten's 230th anniversary and there are special deals on offer in 2023. Rx
This guy's voice is so so irritating.....!!
Not A Space  Agency... why do you promote it?... in 2023 you have to be really s.. to believe that they went to the moon.. other possibility is that you are a member of the sinester club... pathetic
Anyone else see the dude throw up a peace sign at 14:49
Such a great video, also how lovely is your mum? So glad you have a wonderful voyage and experienced it with her 😍 #memories
I did it the other way with my wife and son.  Also in the Princess Grill and also once did a short trip to Caribbean in the Queens Grill.  The staff in both the Queens and Princess Grills are amazing and the very reasonable (no taxes) wine selection is amazing.  Thoroughly enjoyed both although the Transatlantic is really where you get the full experience.  Surprised you did not show the gym, the spa, the shops, the casino,  the numerous daily activities like classes and lectures and art shows.  (I did a class in Photoshop and also read the suggested book and participated in the book club).  Churchill's Cigar Lounge is a special treat.  After one or two days at sea you lose sense of time somewhat and adapt to the schedule of the ship.  I would do it again in a second.  It is completely unlike the behemoth Cruise ships that attract a completely different crowd.
American here again.  No offense, but do you have a Birmingham accent? (time, like, etc.)
Do you work at NASA
WHO do you “tip” and when?
The smile which is always on your Moms face is priceless. We sometime dont know, what it means to an older getting mother to spend holidays with her son.
Ive done both west/east and eastwest on this beautiful ship as a Princess Grill passenger. AbFab experience if your a foody and like a good drink.
Lol at the "don't judge me" about the pink razor! I'm a chick and buy men's razors! Same thing, just cheaper and diff colours.
How sweet is that? He brought his mom. That was really nice of him 😊
Pizza party? Hmmmm
A little small potion size 😂😂😂😂😂 I’m sure you didn’t starve!!!
did you also travel back by boat or by plane? does it also take passengers back to Europe Thank you
You have a lovely mother!
You are the youngest person on the boat
This video single handily made you realise I will never take an ocean liner from England to New York.   I could smell moth balls from here
these ships are an abomination. this style of "tourism" is horrendous for the planet. these giant cruise ships routinely empty their enormous amounts of sewage into coastal waters, places where local residents live and harvest food. cruise ships of this size are disgusting.
ONLY a "princess" takes her Mom on a cruise. :)
Sorry man, creepy with your mom, champagne, HELL NOOOOOOO
looked amazing ❤🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
I Love you love you love you London and New York
Cream first of course
You mum is absolutely beautiful !! What wonderful son what invite the most important person in you life for such beautiful cruise ! She is definitely the Queen of the ship !!!❤
I love that you brought your mom along! Mothers and sons have such a special bond. I know my grown son and I would have a great time traveling together as well. ❤
What's the "real" price of the Suite if you were paying for it yourself?
You know, I understand why they probably have to keep animals separate, but I’d be so upset if my pets were onboard and unable to sleep in the same room as me.
I'm proud of you because you travelled with your mum:) my heart melted.. I hope my son does the same thing that you did:)) finger cross 🤞
My Mother traveled on the Queen Mary as a war bride to Canada.  She said it was still configured as troop ship and was undergoing rebuilds as they sailed.
I love that you got to experience this with your Mother!!
I love watching the trips with your Mum and Dad, you look soo much like your Mum!  Such quality time, enjoy while you can x
That’s badicly the titanic started from Belfast to new york
What is he using to hold his camera?
Honestly it would've been more interesting on the cheaper cabins.
WOW what a ship. But travel with your mother???
Jam first then cream👍
The NASA obsession is starting to appear to be a mental health issue. Yikes.
How do you get those "drone" shots? You have what appears to be a selphie stick but I can't see it and if it's a drone your controller is tiny. How do you do it?
I know you started off as a luxury flight reviewer but I have to say now you are doing different experiences, it makes me think first class tickets are boring, these are so much more interesting
Glad the only iceberg was in your lettuce.
I am so glad you said scone’s correctly..  remember! You don’t say stons for stones, so don’t say scons for scones !! and defo jam first. I was born n grew up in cornwall before living here.
I remember when u had only 40k subscribers or something! You've come a long way, road to 1million.
is this man dating his mom
That steak plate looks horrible 🤣🤣
This is so classy
Ce qui est bien, c’est que l’on peux amener son animal de compagnie. Je ne voyage jamais sans ma petite chienne 😊
Your Mom is adorable and I SUPER enjoyed this video. I usually cruise with Regent but I’m seriously considering booking a Transatlantic with Cunard this Summer. Thanks for making the video!
I love that they allow dogs 🐶, but a shame they can't be with you onboard. It was nice that you bought your mum.
Definitely jam then cream.
Love that you did a video with your mom! 🥰
Oh my Gods!!! It's my dream!)))) The ticket price includes the cost of meals, no, or partially? Thanks!!)))
What’s the fascination with NASA ? Genuine question ?
That’s an Odd looking suite
That looks wonderful.  No kids, roller coasters, yelling hollering.
Your mother looks like your sister.  She looks great
I've been on the Queen Mary 2 with my Mum as well and she loved it! This review is very nice and brought back nice memories :)
pls dont call it a boat its a ship
You are handsome dressing up, nice taking your mom with you!💕👌
The jam goes on a buttered scone followed by lots of clotted cream 🥳🎉
Dude your mom  is hot!
What a wonderful way to start my day with coffee :)
I subbed and liked simply because you took your mother bet it is a week she will never forget she looked very proud 👏 great video I hope I can ine day make such memories with my mother I actully got a little emotional for some reason
Cream first!
Vaxx proof ??? Omg you got screwed just to swim over the lake make a clip and some money !
What a amazing time on board with your mum. Brilliant footage and detail information. Love this video ❤ Thank you for sharing
Why does the terminal have no design aesthetic? No glamour, no style, nothing. I can’t imagine this would have been how Cunard passengers experienced the ‘hire terminus’ back in the day.
My wife and I are going to be going on this exact ship in 2024/2025 (possibly sooner, finances depending) and I'm thrilled. Cunard Line is a dream come true for a history nerd with a love of travel.
Love love this video it is one of your best son and mother together make it more memorable love to see more cruise videos I just love this video and don’t forget to bring mom along
This was pretty great to watch! Watching your mom enjoy the voyage with you was wonderful and the ship tour was too!
I sailed on the QE2 and gained 9 ibs in 10 days in the Queens Grill.
Lovely video but “no one” can tell me what to wear for a dinner when I am on a holiday. Dress code - fuxk that.
💕💕💕💕
Enjoyed the video, I was on this same trip in princess grille with my wife & a couple of friends, you can see us in the background when your having your dinner on the night of grand ball
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Just curious what"s with nasa?
Jam
Your mom is so cute❤❤❤❤❤
I watched videos your trip videos are the best subscribing for sure!
He's so good to his mother. 🥲
Lovely video, brilliant to see you and your mum too xx
Not a brit. But cream first then jam. Looks more appetising when making it that way.
Wonderful,Titanic vibes :)
Your channel is brilliant! 👍
Why is it called queen and princess 'grill'?
It was so nice of you to take your mom with you :) I wish I could do the same for my mom.
was this a sponsored trip or did you pay yourself?
do royal coribbian
I hate it when people go into a room setup a camera then go back out again pretending to walk in for the first time again🤷‍♂️
The cost is reasonable compared to flying, plus eating and entertainment 7 days.
Wait, why the NASA pin ?
A wrap around promenade deck is something I look for in a cruise ship now as they are amazing.
Scone --  butter, jam, cream - in that order 😀
Whats with the NASA gear? You wear it in many videos. Not sure where the " trend " came from. I guess it would be like a yank wearing an UKSA shirt or sweatshirt. Just kind of odd if you didn't work there. Also, I know it's part of a traditional british breakfast but beans in the morning in a small cabin with Mum? Maybe not the best idea. 😶‍🌫️🤢
I am quite mind blown that after how haunted the original Queen Mary that they made a second one
I WAS ON THERE IT WAS AMAIZNG
What a fabulous experience to share with your mum, brilliant!
I'll  be doing my third crossing this year, both ways. Took  my little  boy (he was 26) on our first  one. Last  year, we went to Norway on Queen Victoria,  but Queen Mary is my favourite 😍
Seeing him going on a cruise with his mum is amazing! Glad to see her enjoy the trip!
I can recommend it as the best and most civilized way of getting to Europe. We were absolutely spoiled and relaxed for the whole voyage. Fantastic experience.
So great to meet your Mom!  Great video. Thank you.
What a lovely experience - Thank you for sharing
It’s easier to spread if u put the cream first
Watching this a day after coming back to the states from visiting my parents for 2 weeks in Korea. This does warm the heart a little bit. Glad to know the people are ok.
wow,  Will's mom is super hot!!!!! a chesty minx.
So dining is inclusive, right? I am confused about what is included and what you have to pay for...
16:44  "My name is Bond, James Bond"
that nighttime view of nyc from the water was breathtaking!!
So sweet with your mum 🥰
Traveling is fun by itself, but traveling with people you love is even better!
Is it a selfie stick you’re taking those shots with from the side, back and front? awesome video btw!
where do you get the money for these trips...
When you do a little research and come to find out this man spent C$18,000 (C$36,000 for 2 people) for a vacation with his mum. 10/10 good on you chap
Scones with butter then jam lovely 😊 wow what a cruise 🚢 love ❤️ to go on that cruise 🚢 ship have to win the lottery 1st! All looks great and your mum looks so happy 😀 x
First I must say your mum is very lovely. I thought you had a new girlfriend and surprised you didn't have an Owners Suite. Silversea's Cruise Ship seem more elegant than the Queen Mary. Still enjoyed your video.
Never take your jacket off while dining!!!
Great video what selfie drone do you use?
no chicken satay? unsubsribe!
What a lovely mum and son🥰 I loved this episode, its my dream to go on a cruise ship 🙂
Love seeing you change up the type of transportation!
Real smooth adding NASA insignia everywhere. How much are they paying you? That’s what I want to know.
I LOVED this💙💙
16:23 the fragile masculinity...
would way rather do this than spend the same amount for first class on a plane for a 12 hour flight. Make it an event ya know for that kind of money, with this you have all those entertainment options and good food, vs the same price or even more on a plane first class with one meal and a tiny bed.
Wow, I'm amazed at how much stuff is on one ship!
The average age on this thing has to lie above 60
Boating accident https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPWfIq_q-mo&t
Can I bring my dual warrior pigeons   Sadly not kidding
Heh, the 7 day trip in that cabin starts at about £5000 for 2 people. Not something most people can afford usually :)
Other men bring their girlfriends or wife.. This Chad man bring his Mother on cruise..
Me and my dad did this cruise in 2018 From New York to South Hampton. The Queen Mary is amazing Ship. We stayed in London for 4 days.
Why the devotion to NASA?
Very very nice and absolutely Wonderful video 👍
Neither jam or butter. Soy sauce. -waits for the riot to start-
titanic moment 🗿
That cabin of yours looked quite “suite” HAHAHAHA
It looks like you're using a drone on board.....is this legal? I would have assumed drones are forbidden
Awh your mom! I love this. Keep them close for as long as you can ❤️
Jam first on scones....plus how wonderful for you to share that trip with your Mum...very nice mate.! Awesome.
Nobody who takes this trip does it as a form of transportation. You can fly for 10% of the cost and in 8 hours. People do it for the experience. And it's an experience on my bucket list
always jam first, cornish way
During a typical one-week voyage, a large cruise ship (with 3,000 passengers and crew) is estimated to generate 210,000 US gallons (790,000 L) of sewage; 1 million US gallons (3,800 m3) of graywater (wastewater from sinks, showers, and laundries); more than 130 US gallons (490 L) of hazardous wastes; 8 tons of solid ... Do Cruise Ships Dump Sewage? Yes. To get into a few more specifics than above, the U.S. allows cruise ships to dump treated waste into the ocean if they are within three and a half miles from shore. Beyond that point, there are no restrictions for dumping untreated, raw sewage in U.S. ocean waters. Bryan Comer, a researcher at the International Council on Clean Transportation, a nonprofit research group, told me that even the most efficient cruise ships emit 3 to 4 times more carbon dioxide per passenger-mile than a jet.
I’d hit that
is Timberland a sponsor or his boss? lol but damn those VPN "encryption" ... vpns do not encrypt your data....
Butter first!!
Just discovered your channel, thanks to youtube algorithmes. Love the vidéo, thank you so i've just subscribed .
Cream First
This is brilliant, thank you. And the answer to your question.....Cream first obviously!!!
What's the thing you have clipped to your collar?
Wait wait, were those drone shots while out at sea or just a super long camera rod? Lol Awesome video!
Looks so handsome 🙂
Hello from Japan. I really enjoyed the video.good to know I can travel with dog. Your mum is beautiful and looks too young for grown up son. Look forward to another travel clip with your lovely mum.
the madman did it
Bald and Bankrupt's brother is such better son, he takes mum out for the trips
Jam first. Always. Cream is Cornwall's crowning glory.
Nice you took mom
Would love to do this, but I am not vaccinated. p.s. please buy a jacket that fits.
This is amazing! Love these videos by you. I came across this channel like a week ago and I am already addicted 😊 Keep up the good work and I have to tell you, you are one lucky person to have these once in a life time experiences regularly !!! 😊
seems like he shoulda got the king bed
Isn't it amazing how we classify people,  the more money you have , the more exclusive the club , almost as if you're better than the rest , more important,  your requirements are paramount,  i mean of course , you put someone up on a pedestal this is what happens,  look as famous people.
It's not a very pretty ship is it.   I think you might as well do the Mediterranean lines and then just fly home in 7 hrs.
Wow, your very own single bed! Woopie !!!!
Loved this video with your mum. In all fairness I criticized you earlier today for another video for bringing your frat boy friend James which totally distracted from he video. More videos like this pls.  Also your Mum I an absolute delight. Pls consider including her in more of your videos. I loved it!
She looks like she is in need of some maintenance and updating.
Mom is gorgeous
so every MUG on this ship has had the experimental jab LOOOOL, surprised they aren't all singing BEEEEHHHHHHHH
Owners spending time with their pets = sitting there on laptops. Okay then 😝
Aww, your mum is lovely- pleasure to see her 😃
Awesome
It's rather ironic that of all the cruise ships I have been on in the northern hemisphere, they all had Foster's beer on tap. Australians do not drink Foster's. It's crap! It is only brewed now for the international market.
Great video! I'd love to take this cruise.  Questions: are you using a drone, or a stick that you remove in post? 🤔
I've experience Queen Mary 2 as well, such a lovely ship, I am curious though as to how you're able to do all this travelling? I wish I could travel more
near, far, wherever you are.. you seem to enjoy yourself, thanks for taking us (and your mom) along.
Jam first then cream!! UP THE CORNISH BOYS!!!
Someone tries to get the "best son" award... Need to eliminate you now.
Laughs out loud at you not showing off your golf skills.
How rich is this guy??? 💀
Your taking the same passage Titanic took it’s a major shipping route. Sadly Titanic didn’t make its destination
Holymotherfucking shit,now that’s amezing.
Bah. Best cruise video I've seen on here. Highly enjoyable. What a dream ocean liner. Thank you for including your beautiful mum. Love from the States.
The video is amazing with your mom, hope you bring her next travel too. I like this video so much ❤
You are so lucky to have your mom with you. I never could get my mother to accompany me on luxury trips. She never liked luxury travel since she never forgot her impoverished girlhood. Poor Mom died rich and poor at the same time.
Would you mind telling us what this cabin class cost, total cost for the cabin please. It looks fabulous.
Excellent video, did the 2022 christmas voyage, ship needs some repairs and tweaks, but other than that a beautifal ship, well liner
I'm also vegetarian so it's good to see options for me via your Mum's perspective
when i saw the library i immediately knew that thats where my father would spend all of his time!
Hi from Southampton
🇺🇸🇬🇧🇺🇸🇬🇧❤️
Sorry I wish they would have gone with Victorian decor. I don't like the modern look of ships.
Ok so you paid £5000 and promoted this for free ? Why people are so fake ? Whyyyyyyyyyy retardddds?
is this a travel show or a sales pitch for cruises (or airlines) yes i saw some more of your episodes lol
This little Beauty was my home for many years . ✌️🇬🇧🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
Was there a lifeboat drill?
Cream first, then jam!
JAM FIRST Also you and your mum are very cute. I know a lot of us are very jealous. I'd love to do that with my mumma bear oh my goodness
Definitely fresh cow's butter, with a large blob of strawberry jam, topped with a large dollop of fresh whipped cream.  Very delicious!!!  That is the Australian way of eating our scones which was how my English grandmother ate hers in the early last century, then my mother carried on the tradition, however,  I can no longer eat scones so I will just have gluten free toast with the rest on top!!  Skip the tea & have hot coffee instead.
I did this trip in Oct 2019 and would totally recommend the experience.
How do you afford all these luxury ship/plane/train journeys? Or do you get them all free just because you big them up on YouTube? Having not had holiday of any sort since 2009 maybe I should start trying to grab freebies 💰😡
I walk out my front door in Brooklyn look down 9th st and if the QM2 is in town I can see her.
I kept waiting for you to meet a girl and then draw her nude but I guess my expectations were too high.
Don't worry about the cream/jam first answer! Just prnounce 'Scones' correctly? And you got it correct!
Love this ship, just wish it had  been designed to be modern yet keep one very important look about it. Even Disney had an eye for a classic look in made it work on a modern ship. That look of course is 2 or more funnels. No need for them, I know, but that is not the point. There was no need for this ship, yet they built it anyway, so why they didn't  make the effort is beyond me.
I'm sure it went down like this T.T.: '' Hey Mom, I got a favor to ask, I'm swamped at work, can you help out a few days? '' T.T.M.: '' Sure honey, what do you need ? '' T.T.: '' Come with me on a Luxury ship '' :)
You're a mama's boy just like my son!  So glad you took your mom on this trip!
This is the (biggest) suite? 😮That’s not a suite. That’s a dog house! 🤣🤣🤣🤣  Bro, you got scammed 😮
I always said I was never a cruise man but this looked fantastic, oh and big up mums!
Very Nice...Thanks for sharing! what camera did you use?
He shared a cabin with his mum. Gross. Could he not pay for a second cabin?
why they all old people on the boat??
Big bus o the sea
fantastic to do this with mum has you stated quality time just wish i could have taken my mum she would have loved it if you can afford it dont look back and say i wish i would have taken my mum when its to late like i do sadly i think out of all your videos this is my fav well done for taking mum
To summarize: the main thing on this ship is food and sleep.
This is amazing!
Big wooooooooooooow, very impressive life style
whats with the hole NASA thing? did you work for them?
wit woo 4 mum! x
A lovely booring  7 days i love the kids entertainment.      What no kids were did william and harry stay with the dogs HAHA
What's the deal with the NASA stuff?
Imagine getting to do this for a living and getting to write it all off on your taxes haha... amazing (im not jealous you're jealous lol)
Why do say 'United States', but not 'United Kingdom'? I find the abbreviating insulting to my country.
Dog show is so sweet
You are a good son
I put butter on the scones first....then jam....then topped with cream
You're so cute. Especially on Gala night. And such a good son to bring your Mom along too. Great review as always. Would love to take this trip to the UK.
Jam first. The cream tea is Cornish so we get the say!
I 💝 the fact that ocean liner you went on the trip with your Mum. I miss my mother she's been gone for 22 years.
Nicee
More cruises!
Ya gotta try and jam a mammoth frozen banonna with vegemite in your bum!
i'm looking for a ship from new york to london so i can explore it's best places. they're hard to find. but the last thing i want to hear is barking dogs. i love doggies, but my neighbors let theirs bark incessantly. i'm looking to escape noise & dog doo. are there ships that are regular, as far as not luxury, which i unfortunately can't afford, that go in that direction, & allow enough time to explore?
Thoroughly  enjoyed this video. Super.
If they would let you have your pet in the room -selected rooms can be pet free ofcourse- for the allergic ppl- this would be my ideal way from europe to the americas. I hate flying.
Welcome to another episode of "things you can only dream of" ....
What with the NASA pin and shirt? Do you work there or something
Fantastic trip with mom. An adorable son. I envy you. However, wasn't it a bit uncomfortable sharing the same cabin ( bed room) with mom? Mom seems to me a beautiful, unassuming, considerate lady. I could not but smile and grin all through this episode. Thank you handsome man.
YT recommended this channel earlier in the week and I have been smashing videos ever since. One question please, can someone explain the significance of the NASA clothing, pins and badges? I like it but I am puzzeled.
New subscriber here. I just wanted to say this was a joy to watch! So informative and it looks like a fantastic way to travel. Your mum is also very lovely. I hope you both enjoyed your trip!
this is a very good video thx. ps i put cream on my scones on first
This is my first comment on your videos. I must say, you are a fabulous son and what you've done is highly appreciatable.   I wish I could do this but I've lost my parents years ago. Now I can afford any trip but I don't have them with me.
This ship is HAUNTED
Interesting content but why does he…  A) get chuffed about drinking champagne on every video?  B) Make a big point of wearing Timberland boots on each video?   C) Wear an abundance of NASA branded clothing on a lot of videos?
I did a QM2 trip with my Mum, the ships 2nd voyage, and we had such a blast.
It just seems like your going to the titanic but better
What about the Cats? Did you sleep in the same room as Mum?
I also had a dream of taking my mum and  father on a sea trip like that... All i need is a very high paying job now for doing that
I’ve just stumbled across this channel a couple of weeks ago, and I’m obsessed. It’s so “feel good” to watch your travels. Especially having your mom with you. Living the dream!
Cream before Jam always. Please for the love of everything sane in this universe Cream before Jam people.
Your mum’s dress was very beautiful and stylish 😊
My mum gets seasick, how is the rocking on the boat overall
I can do jam OR butter, not both together, and tea, cream and sugar
Wonderful journey that you’ll both remember forever.  How blessed you both are to share this experience
Do you have mobile reception?
Such a nice trip, thanks.
'Naturally I've already requested an ice bucket for my champagne' - cock.
Seriously, are the Venus the way for men to shave?  The use of Venus create a lot of gay stuff. Pls come out if you’re gay or otherwise you have to w Find the red wing dolls who will fulfill your plans. ❤
My husband, when a small boy, sailed the Queen Mary with his parents, from the US to the UK, for the coronation of Queen Elizabeth 2. He has such fond memories of that!
I have to ask: what's the connection with NASA please, brother?
Modern Titanic Vibes
14:18 if I've had the video started from the halfway, I still could know she's Mom, just from the way she holds the door for you.❤️❤️
You r a wonderful son to take your sainted mother on a cruise.  Loved the dog show❤️
I put jam first because then the cream is not smooshed
Cruise in the winter 🥶
Good 👍👍 Idea travel with mom
Great video, Will! Quick question - what were you using to film your “aerial” shots (e.g when you were in the jacuzzi)? The FOV looked wide enough that the camera looked far away but assume it wasn’t a drone. Thanks!
Your so lovely taking your mum on the trip I think I am going to book this in the future looks fantastic thanks for great information and great video I now subscirbed
Also, is that a selfie stick you are using?
Will, I bet your mum is super proud of you!! Well done mate 👏👏
Food looks average at best. Given the price tag one would have expected higher quality of food.
my lord, I certainly wouldn't cope with the ship rocking like that! I get sea sickness really badly!
Lifts ffs
Do you feel feel the time difference or do the onboard days adjust so that you never quite feel it?
Beautiful ship but if you think that’s a maze you haven’t been on the almighty royal Caribbean cruise line
My mum & I took a cruise around the Caribbean.  She had always wanted to go and we had the time of our life.  Fantastic way to see the world 😁
I Enjoyed your trip with your mummy 💕🧠💪 please throw away the NASA Top 😜🤮🤥.  Anyway  good video 🙋‍♂️🇬🇧.   Wish my mummy was still here 🥲  glad you both had a great trip Together 💕🙏
Sharing a room with your mum. Weird.
I would never take a trip on one of these germ factories, but it is so much fun to see one anyhow. Beautiful
That was awesome to see your Mum with you!
Lovely yeah. Mom definitely looks lovely and she is.❤
I put ….. Jam don’t  you
It was lovely that you took your Mum.
That would be crazy if it’s sank in the north Atlantic!
I am late to the videos but treatments wait for no one, your mother is lovely and what an amazing video. Thank you for sharing with us and I hope the quality time you got to spend with your mother was splendid. As always, travel safe my friend.
YOU SIR Are extremely blessed. You’re living beyondd your best life with all of this extravagant traveling!
Mix cream and jam , then generously apply...
I could not do this I would have a panic attack everytime I go outside
Thank you very much for the great video. Thank you mom for being vegetarian. I had questions about vege food on board but they are answered now
Ο μαμάκιας😄
Hey hope mom puts out on the trip.  Champagne should put her in mood
Queen Mary 2 is by no means a luxury ship, from someone who was on it very recently
Stopped watching soon as I saw the documentation needed for vaccination status 👋
American owned by Carnival.
Great trip. The duration of this trip remembered me about my trip using domestic Passenger ship in my country which take nearly a week (more specific 6 days), but the difference is the Domestic Passenger ship has more stop at selected port and it isn't luxury. But the ship has abilities to bring few vehicle and container onboard.
How there aren’t any icebergs
Went on this liner with my dad in 2006 on my first trip to the States. We went the opposite way though and with it being around 2 $ to the £ took a second suitcase to fill up with clothes and other goodies. Those were the days!
👍😊 🚢 What a beautiful thing to do to take your Mom on this transatlantic crossing with you. What a lovely way to spend time together! My Mom & I have taken a couple of trips together and for me those are wonderful memories. All the best!
I'm curious, what's the connection to the NASA sweatshirts worn?
Great ship, great trip - and your Mum is hot! 🔥
A trip with your mom! How sweet and charming you are
Love you videos Will, my son and I watch them weekly.  A suggestion: why not take a trip on a cargo ship, private passage cabins are available on numerous routes.  I think your subscribers would enjoy your experience.  Keep up the great work.
scone ,jam then cream
Come to India
Cream first*
A few years back QM2 came to Sri Lanka. Love that moment. Thanks for sharing this to us ❤️
Devil-handed? NOT FOR ME THANK YOU!
Jam before cream, always. It's hard to spread jam on top of cream.
My great grandmother and grandfather moved from wales to the US, and took the original queen mary on their voyage to the US. I would love to take my folks on this trip, Such a cool experience. And with our family history would be very sentimental.  Great video, cheers!
wonderful to see you holidaying with your mother.
Jam first.
Very cool! thank you for sharing! :)
OMG!!I love it!
JAM FIRST,ALWAYS
7 days to cross?  Some may think that is a bit slow, but then there are airports.  Does it take 7 days on board, to enjoy all that can be offered?  Ask friends or our host Trek Trendy.
this is bitchlet bitcherville bitchlolite
Awww love Trek Trendy mum ❤❤❤
It looks like you had a wonderful time with your mother. A very special time, indeed.
Thank you I loved this it's been a long time since I've been on a crossing
Hi, Trek Trandy. This is Prady from 🇮🇳 India and I would love to watch you travel in Maharaja Express, the most luxurious train travel in the world.
It all just looks awful to me
You are very lucky to spend valuable time with your mother.
Too many adds and can't skip.
Hi Trek. You should try out the MSC SEASHORE cruise with the super yacht club. It's a big cruise ship and with super yacht club you get as much food as you like and a huge compartment.
The Cornish way when comes to the Scones... Jam first.
How come you made your vlog look like and sound like a tv documentary?
The only thing is you saying food on BA unacceptable.  Airlines ARE NOT REQUIRED to serve food … grow up!
I've worked for Cunard all my life 😁😁😁
What is the drone or camera you use to film yourself inside? Thnx! Great videos!
I got to take my Mom on a wonderful trip like this.
Who else hates British accents. 😂
love to see you bring your mum with you on this trip. best ocean liner ever.
Cream, double Devon cream… in the USA so have to get it at Whole Foods!
Great video, but in my opinion, the food looked horrendous for what I would have expected from a Queen Mary level cruise experience
I think it's cute that this guy brings his mom in the cruise. I might have picked otherwise but it's sweet.
Vaccination record??? Are unvaxed not permitted on board? How many Vaccinations are required?
Why did you call it an ELEVATOR ? You’re a Brit it’s a BLOODY LIFT. Twat ! Spotted another one, it’s a SHIP not a BOAT.
A apartment the size of the balcony would cost about as much as the whole trip in New York. Fight me
Love your videos. Wish my mom was as nice as yours.
I've never done a cruise but quite a few people I know have and say they are great all be it they are Med Cruises. I'm seriously considering one this year or next with the wife but just concerned you get bored. What's other peoples views who have done them?
God bless you.
It's not uncouth to bring your champagne in this situation. Never mind the Cornwall v Devon debate; every formal tea I've ever had encourages jam on bottom cream on top.
Only a gay man would go on a cruise with his mommy!
Glad they opted for the twin beds.
Me & my family voyaged on the QM2 as a celebration for my dad retiring from the fire service, outstanding cruise & the food in the Britannia restaurant was amazing!
This was the same trip I did…. I was in room 10.076 so we must have passed each other on deck 10 or in PG!! Loved the jacuzzi! Did you find the glass elevator? I couldn’t sleep after the helicopter airlift!!
So reminiscent of the Titanic. Singapore Air it is for me 😊
Your down market watch does not go well with the elegance of the Princess Grill Restaurant. In fact it is quite jarring. That’s the sort of time piece you put on when you go to see the football match.
That ship look a lil like to Titanic
i herd Queen Mary is hunted
New to the channel...Why all the Nasa gear?
Wow, it looks amazing! Were there others there about your age. I'm 28, but the customer base looks older. It's the closest thing to titanic, so I def want to sail on it. How did you film? A drone? It looked like you were holding a skydio drone beacon.
OMG!!! Thank you soooo much for sharing this marvelous adventure! something I shall never be able to afford to experience. Your video coverage was 'spot on', and I absolutely loved that you included your mum in this voyage.
Lovely memory & gift for your Mother.  She is very cute & sweet.  You do an excellent service in "taking us along" on your journeys & explaining how things work + timing & costs.  Most enjoyable to watch...thx!👏
My dad used to give some of the Insights lectures for Cunard, and I’ve been lucky enough to accompany him on the QM2 Eastbound twice so this brought back a lot of memories!   What a fantastic vessel she is. Although most of my 2 page final bill said “G32” so the bank balance was less fantastic 😂
The way you have treated your mum to this trip is honestly heart melting! Not only are you hot as hell you’re also a sweet heart too! Came for the video stayed for the shower scene 😂
kiss ass to your mother
I Love Traveling a Channel where you get paid to travel sounds lovely
Wow what a brilliant departure. I'd love to take a trip on the Queen Mary 2 sometime, it seems so classy!
Your a handsome guy! Exceptional taste on everything as well!
Great video
lol do you work for NASA?
The rear of the ship if outside is Stern and inside is Aft.
This looks great. Absolutely love your content chief. Lots of love from South Africa
Just found his videos. Very cool, but is he an astronaut, or something?
so much info, you are the boss
Ahhhh your mum seems like a very lovely classy lady💯❤️
No way that’s your mom! She could be your sister!
Whoa! The suite is so big, and beautiful.
I wouldn’t buy anything with velcro.  It's a total  rip-off.
PIA VPN took my money and never subscribed me. It’s a scam.
Glad I watched this before booking, had thought about a trans Atlantic crossing on the QM2, but for £1,000/day for 2ppl is not cheap. The lone, dilapidated Jacuzzi looked like it was in desperate need of maintenance, all the paint peeling off. The ship in general looked very dated, OP himself admitted the bathroom in the premium priced stateroom was looking dated. Honestly, it looked like 7 days of sheer boredom to me and I had no idea people were allowed to bring their dogs! Why would you? Big thumbs down from me, sorry.
just old people
What a really cool experience! I've always thought that getting a reposition cruise across the Atlantic would be great.
7 days? That is a little slow considering that she is an ocean liner.
Good to see plenty of lifeboats on the ship.
Lol, this really is a great way NOT to censor a barcode xD
Brings back memories of when I went on QM2 when she first launched.  I do jam then cream. My daughter and I love watching for videos. She is a big fan and loves that you are local to us.
You’re mom is beautiful
A truly stylish voyage, but In my mind a quite old ship even after some "retouchs"... and quite an elderly passenger list! You must be pampered by the 👵 on-board although you had your super young mom as cruise companion.
Did the £5,200 include flight back to the UK?
How nice to travel with mum
Oh, an enchanting journey
The problem with these "posh" journeys is always the food. Heavy, rich, unhealthy and pretentious. Tee-total? Any allergies (dairy and/or eggs for example)? Then a massive amount of the "value" is gone.
“This ship is Unsinkable!” “ICEBERG RIGHT AHEAD” “OH FU-“
And she burns around 12,000 pounds of fuel per hour 😬
Jam first, you  put Jam on first and then cream because the jam is heavier and harder to spread. if you put cream on first i will fight you
Aww I love the fact u brought mom with you how sweet lovely lovely video
I'm not from the UK but I put both on mine gives it a creamy sweet flavor
Wow! This is fantastic I can trade my virginity for such a great trip, you are such a fantastic man to give your mum such a big treat, your lovely mum will certainly be proud of you
Hey trek, could you tell me your top ten favorite trips? I think I would have a list based on your breakdowns but I’m curious which ones stand out most for you! Let me know if you get a chance!
New to the channel, love the content but you say you travel for work, what is it you do????
Why does Will wear a NASA badge / NASA hoodies ?
Your mom is beautiful❤
This is lovely, I am so glad you were able to do this for your mum. I lost my mom suddenly recently. I wish I had been able to do things like this with her and for her. What a great experience for you two to have together! <3 PS: Cream first then jam!
I've been on a cruise before and I got some really good sleep, but now I can't imagine how good of a sleep I could get on that ship
How the hell does this guy afford all this???
So glad you and your mum enjoyed QM2. I’ve done the same trip with my mum too, although sees always concerned at being out of sight of land. I am very proud of the ship as I designed her, but it’s the crew and their loyalty to her that makes travelling on her so special. Hope you’ll do another trip before too long!
when I was a boy, my family traveled by ship between Sydney and Vancouver.  The voyages were 3 weeks and the passengers formed an interesting community.  We traveled by P&O, including on the Canberra.  We were on the maiden cruise of the SS Canberra.
Proof that avo on toast is not causing Millenials to ruin everything
Where do you complain?
Internet?
The rear is called the stern!
Is that a prostitute? If so, is the service included?
BUTTER COMES FIRST!!!!
I always thought I wanted to travel on the Queen Mary 2 out of Brooklyn.  After seeing this I am glad I did not. I did not realize the difference between this ocean liner vs other cruises. Lovely staff but I prefer MSC yacht club. I just found your channel so I will check if you did Holland America and/or Regent. Thank you so much❤.🚢🥰
Wow i thought this had been sold/strapped for metal. What a trip!
I just discovered your channel a few days ago. I am watching from Mississippi USA. So why do you wear a NASA shirt?
NASA? What?
i feel happy too seeing you & your mom happy
Love it. Just took my mom on a cruise as well. She loved it. I love making my parents happy.
Cream then jam
I really enjoyed this video!  Seeing the Statue of Liberty and the New York skyline, I wondered what my Grandmother was thinking when she arrived from Dublin.  Thanks again and Happy New Year!
What a cool trip, looks absolutely wonderful and your mom is a doll
This was so amazing!  I've never been on a cruise ship and this is probably the closest I will get on a Trans-Atlantic Voyage.  Tell your, Momma that she is so pretty!
This is great voyage with your beloved  mum. Seeing kids taking care of their mom and dad. Amazing cruise from Southampton, UK to New York.
Looks shit tbh mate 😂👍🏻
Your presentation is highly interesting to watch. Thank you very much and take care. Happy New year.
Love these longer trips.
I had heard this was too stuffy for young people, but was also my dream for years; did mostly seem to be people at the end of life
thanks ....      🌺🌺🥂                               sri lanka
It's not a boat, its a ship. A boat is what you get in when the ship is going down.
why do you need a covid test after 3 years?????????????? why do you have to get vaccinated
why the fuck are they wearing mask's
I’m intrigued how these trips are funded
love your videos, gives a very nice insite of what can be expected if one personaly should go for something rather than tossing out money and being disapointed. (refering to some of your videos where expensiv first classes in airplanes where like just buisness class)  I do wonder tho, for this trip it cost 5k pounds if i was not misstaken. Does it include all the food and events or is that pricetag just for the trip and the room itself?
You are a great son of a greater mother ❤️❤️
These trips are all very nice but I'm not keen on the whole dressing up to go and eat my scoff in a restaurant. I'd be Ok in my jogging pants and trainers.
Fabulous trip with your mom.  Love the cruises and time to relax and recharge.  💕👍
He's certainly out of his element in Princess Grill ...
Why wear those crap NASA tops?  Tacky
Queen Mary 2 should be paying you for advertising. Good job and mum looked for happy 😊
15:02 I always add cream first, then the jam.
Horrible! Good effort to promote, but the whole ship looks like an outdated remote Hilton and I doubt there is anyone less than 75ys on board.
I was surprised at how reasonable the fare is.  Probably not much more than a first class air ticket.
Hi Will. Great presentation. Reference the Afternoon tea, it's cream on first if you are from Devon and jam on first if you are Cornish
大激怒
Do you also work in NASA?
There is something so beautiful to witness about a good man being good to his mother. You've for a fan for life ❤️ thank you for sharing this experience with us!!
The deserts are often a let down after a fabulous meal..They are wishwashy. I asked the head chef to do a blind fold taste test to tell me what the flavours were. He lost miserably. But apparently the Brits like them this way.
Excellent Thankyou
You're that guy who lets the door slam shut and wake everyone up.  ☹️☹️☹️
Oh, my!
You have to be injected with toxic poison to cruise on this ship. You genius you!
I have to ask. What is the drone you use to get those amazing shots. I can tell it’s “tethered” to the controller you hold but not seen anything similar
Beautifully captured, what camera do you use?
Looks like a great time and how nice you get to experience it with your mum. Great video! My favourite of yours to date.
Great video.  I can't wait to someday travel on this luxury Liner.  I do prefer jam lol!
ROFL @16:26, isnt that a woman's razor???
My sister and I sailed on the QM2 from New York a couple of years ago.  Emergency medical evacuation of a passenger with a broken collarbone off the coast of Newfoundland.  I wonder if the ship is cursed. 😋  We were in the Queen's Grille but the suites aren't that different from the Princess Grille suites. It was the trip of a lifetime despite disappointing cheesecake. (I got the recipe for the scones from afternoon tea. The ladies I say with for tea said it's jam first.  I'm not as hardcore about it but I'm American. )
Queen Mary two has 4 repellers
I'm pleased to see you with your mom, truly hope ya'll enjoyed your time on board.  Maybe I'm just different from most people but I truly don't think that there should be classification on or in anything people are people and should be treated the same no matter what they do or don't have. It's not money and or possessions that will get you to heaven it's how you treat others. Everything on this planet was put here for everyone to enjoy not just a select few who put themselves above others financially.
Great video, but that ship is really starting to show its age.
I remember seeing QM2 in the San Francisco Harbor and the officers came into fisherman's Warf it was around 1990s early and the officers were dressed so beautiful handsome I was Soo impressed 🌹
jam first for the scones as it is more spreadable, especially since in australia whipped cream is more common
Glad you could enjoy this with your Mom! Thank you for this video, it reiterated that you couldn't pay me to take a cruise/ship.
16:43 look so handsome!! Take me with you next time.
I’m jealous 😫
Awwww mums
london to newyork? why does this sound fimiliar
This video brought back memories of when I got to spend time with my parents as an adult.  When I was 40, I spent an entire summer with my Mom.  Dad was working away and came home on weekends.  Years later, after Mom had passed, I went on a cruise with my Dad and my sister.  This gave me new memories with them, not just ones from my childhood.  Thank you for bringing those memories back to me.
This was really wholesome. I'd love to take a transatlantic trip with my Mom.
Fabulous....
Lol 3mins in and u show my house! My aunt in law just did the crossing to New York, then up and down the coast, and back across in autumn. Was amazing.
Great video mate :) you have some new subscribers :) Cheers from Don and my son, Perth W.Australia (Dons Shed and Xplor Overland)
Any idea what type of Tim’s those are?
Why he said pardon the pun it's weird
1:23 what are these trains?
Excellent video well done, really enjoyed watching it! Your mum is lovely  🥰
Thats King shit bro you went with your mother ❤️ I dream to do the same
I think I would rather spend  days in a Turkish prison.
You know the titanic tried that trip too, some say it almost made it.
Amazing 🤩 all the details are beyond happiness
Is it me or was that hot tub in the Princess only area in dire need of a refurb?
йоу
It's very scary to think that some people in this world will enjoy the top luxury and some will die homeless and Hungary.  Its very scary by just mare random coincidences same humans with same emotions live very different life on this earth.
*Southampton to New York
Brilliant video. I would love to do this trip myself one day.
0:18 look at that little man! Owned 3 pugs and a pug pekingese mix (2 pugs and mix currently) and they’re incredible dogs
I must say I never ever ever wanted to be on a cruise ship. I think they're a terrible industry but this video made me go well maybe 🤔😅
Easy - clotted cream first then raspberry jam
Hi trek! What a luxury travel with your mom!!!🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼💙💙💙💙💙🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉For a very expensive bonding it’s worth having it with your lovely mother!!!🌹🌹🌹🌹🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸💚💚💚💚💚💚🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎take care always and thank u so! So much!!!! 4 sharing your wonderful and exciting travel and very expensive adventures as always!!!👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼😘😘😘🍏🍏🍏🍏🍏🍏🍏🖤🖤🖤🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊
Your mum's fit
Jam then cream on the Scones , Im an aussie
私はあなたがお母さんを連れて行ったのが大好きです。QE2は、あなたに命を吹き込んだ女性への贅沢な贈り物です。あなたはとても思いやりのある息子です。あなたは私の尊敬、好き、購読を獲得しました。
Amazing video. Must be such a great experience, one I would love to do myself. Seeing your Mum so happy with the trip was special.
you are so beautiful so stylish, could yo be so kind to tell me what brand are your yellow sneakers and your red jacket [lease my love?
I would skip the ad but because you took your mom out on your ride i left it happily 😊
This seems like a fun way to go but a bit steep on the budget.  Tell me of your interest in NASA.  Have you worked for any space contractor companies or NASA itself ?  My first husband (now deceased) worked at MSFC.  Lots of fun to see launches and such.  I miss shuttle.  Imagine doing in the matter of minutes across the Atlantic what you did in 7 days.  Amazing.  Thanks for the video !
Good on you for taking your mother x
How much ticket price?
Always lovely to watch your videos and your mum is sweet!
This is what I am doing next year so thanks for the video
Boring journey 😴
I would have jumped off.....
Moms a vegetarian but eating a kofta. (6:30) Isn't that meat? 🤔
A trip with parents is better than with anyone else. There we get extra caring.
Perfect timing, I've just booked myself on a QM2 voyage for April '24.  Love that you took your Mum, she looks lovely and quite stoked that she was with you.  Another great video from your stable.  Cheers.
There is champagne then there is Krug.
Grandps left Southampton on the Tunisia. I was on the QE II after the engine to diesel in New York harbor on Memorial Day weekend.
I would have loved to see Millie on this trip
I really look forward to the day when these ships can only sail if they run on hydrogen. So much pollution and CO2 emissions can be avoided by that simple change. Remember that hydrogen are made of (green) electricity and water and when burned it only emits......wait for it....water! Fossil fuels are so easy to avoid today with the technology and knowledge we already posses. Besides that the pandemic are not quite over when it comes to ships. One after the other still suddenly comes to a halt and everybody suddenly goes from holiday mode to prison mode.
I wonder if it's so windy that can blow you away in the sea 😅😁👍
Wonderful as always !
Is Mom single?
You know, considering the cost (used to be $20,000 one way, thriry years ago) this looks more like a 1980s shopping mall than luxury... to me.  Luxury should look more like the Titanic, tasteful (!) mahogany everywhere, chandeliers, fine linens, oriental rugs... The bedroom room is ok, but rather anticeptic and, above all, the whole thing, again, is more reminiscent of Las Vegas or a shiny shopping mall than of luxury.
One suggestion I have is MSC Yacht Club it is the highest level of MSC cruise travel and is spectacular. This includes a private butler! A yacht club only pool, bar , resterant and more. Other than this all of the MSC cruise rooms i have been on (Balcony and Balcony Suite) are spectacular.
Excellent.
Nice of you to bring your lovely mum. Thanks.
5:00
Can I have the link of the song in this video? 13:51
Cream first.
My dream ship!
Ah, jacuzzi with Mum...hmmm.
Knowing that not everyone is familiar with starboard and port and being someone who enjoys video editing I liked the little descriptor animation at 3:00
Biden 24 🇺🇸
Fabulous review - what a dream trip - would love to know about disabled facilities as my son is a wheelchair user.  By the way - JAM FIRST!  the Cornish way!
Please do more ship & cruise ships content in the future!
titanic vibes
I carefully insert butter and raspberry preserves into the side of the scone to make it like a jelly filled doughnut.
My mother passed from cancer when she was 46 and I was 23...  Now being in my late 30's I really wish I got to treat my mother to something like this  You are a good son.
Tell the total expense or fare from Lon to York
Who's the better travel partner, Mom, Dad or Millie?
I would absolutely bring the champagne with us. That's a legend move. Brilliant!
My wife and I love that rosé champagne!
This reminded me of one of the smaller cruises I've been on like Norwegian.
I worked in a few of these as a waiter, its 18hrs per day working as a slave for shitty salary ( tips were good though ). We served the cheapest meat and fish, and the cheapeast wines (also swaping the wine from bottles to bottles). Every passenger was robbed since it entered the ship. Every cruise company must be abolished, the bigger the worse it gets for the crew.
Fun video, as always.  The best is that it reminds me of the great trips I had with my parents, together and separately. I will cherish those times forever
Man i love cruises, one day I'll have to do this one.
I have been on many cruises and even took my parents on a memorable cruise to Hawaii. But now I am saturated and not interested in anymore. But watched this vlog. Well done. You covered it well.
Your mother is so pretty
Love that you took your mum with you
With all of the dogs onboard, is there a veterinarian on the ship?
W trip
Jam first!
Really devalues the channel dude. I do tonnes of cruises, including transatlantic 3 times and just got back from the Panama Canal. Cunard is super over-priced and ship is way less good than an average of e.g. Norwegian or Royal Caribbean, or even Costa. Paid about £1k each for Panama Canal cruise.
Really devalues the channel dude. I do tonnes of cruises, including transatlantic 3 times and just got back from the Panama Canal. Cunard is super over-priced and ship is way less good than an average of e.g. Norwegian or Royal Caribbean, or even Costa. Paid about £1k each for Panama Canal cruise.
I was planning a 50th wedding anniversary trip for my wife and I as a surprise. Even though the QE2 allows dogs they demand they are kenneled. We were planning to do a crossing to England and return to New York. We were going to spend 2 weeks touring England, France and Ireland. But QE2 does not let service dogs remain with their owners. We will fly over, add Wales to our trip and catch one of the other cruise lines home.
I wish I could of done this, when my mum was alive. Awesome son for taking her on the amazing trip. Very lucky people.
is she single?
It's just he's got one of them faces you really wanna slap
what were the drink prices like ?
grills lounge sign looked very grubby
22:31 was it for 2 persons or 1!??
This is so beautiful
Sweet Cheery Soup 😜
16:24 I mean, if it works then it works lol
Trip with Mom or Dad is best thing in life ... Better than any wife or husband or partner or friend ...
I recommend using your normal speech patterns to narrate, not these naf exaggerated inflections the TV formats invented.
Ship looks a bit tired, food looks unexciting, and the fellow passengers seem extremely boring.
Great one. And insta 360 changes the way it s done
I'm a big cruising fan and I'm glad you finally did a video on it. I think they're far more bang for the buck than flights.
I really enjoy your cinematography
I’ve always wanted to go on a ship like this but I have vestibular issues and I don’t know how I would feel on a boat. Anyone got advice?
Thanks for sharing this, I have wanted to do this trip for a while, and this confirms it would be amazing.
so nice you bought your mum
lovely video, where did you stay in New York, do a wee update please, your mum is lovely
Your mum is absolutely lovely
My god! You managed to get a tuxedo on yourself! Finally, you know what formalwear is. (Since that's a big leap forward for you, I'll hold back on tisk-tisking you for taking your jacket off during dinner.)  I just got back from a Mexican Riviera cruise on 'Discovery Princess'. Wore tuxedo both format nights; white jacket (as one does in the tropics/warm weather) on the first and black velvet jacket on the second (returning to Los Angeles, the sea air got quite cool). Blazer or suit jacket and button-front shirt every other night. Gotta keep it classy.  Now... If only we could do something about those sweatshirts when you fly! 😉  But, kudos on calling the 'QM2' an ocean liner; so many people call her a "cruise ship" or, worse, a "cruise liner" (there's no such thing). I almost went on her this year. Opted to hit South Africa for New Year's and a jaunt around Zimbabwe, Zambia, and Lesotho, instead. Maybe in 2023! (She's due for a refit next year, I think.)
Jam first then the cream,
Can someone explain the NASA thing to me? New subscriber here! I feel like I'm missing out!
ℂ𝕠𝕠𝕝 𝕥𝕙𝕒𝕥 𝕪𝕠𝕦𝕣 𝕞𝕠𝕞 𝕔𝕒𝕞𝕖
Giving a smile to your mother's face is priceless. I want to a smilar thing to my mother before its too late but it is out of reach for me like most of us who is watching this vid....
Hey! That's an awesome video. Your mom was so happy and so proud of you....Well done. Absolutely enjoy your videos....keep em coming.
LOVE THE VIDEO BEST ONE  VERY NICE HOW HE GAVE AN INTRO INTO HOW TRANSATLANTIC CRUISES HAVE BEEN IN THE LAST 100 YEARS AND ITS NICE FOR SOMEONE TO ALSO DOCUMENT THINGS LIKE DEPARTURES IS WELL Only thing I would've liked to see is him staying on the queens grill rather than princess grill
I loved this Documentation... I almost took a Passage back to Europe back in 2003 on the QE II but had to fly instead!! This showed me what it could had been like!! Thank you
Dress code? So had to loose the ripped jeans. But sure, keep the white undershirt, as that’s a classy Essex look.
Looks spectacular . . . . 🍺😆💤🍦
Floating nursing home.
Do the musicians still play when you sink?🤔
Moon landing was fake. Freemasons didn't play golf on the moon 53 years ago.
I love to watch your vids! I am a great fan of your channel. I am bit worried for your liver though. You never say "no" to anything! LOL (-: (your mum is vegetarian...love her!)
It's so sweet taking your Mum with you on this trip. So wish I could go back in time and do the same.  Enjoy her while she's here, my friend....
Your Mom is Absolutely Beautiful,   I just love all your adventures, so nice to see you enjoying this cruise with your Mom
I love watching your all videos. Very heartwarming for all the viewers and interesting  for all he place o your luxury ship tour.
My first visit to your channel and this is how I like to travel. I was also very impressed with your drone coverage expertly done!
Sharing a room with mum?
Wow you were right in front of my place of work in Times Square. Would have been cool to say hi!  This and all your trips look so amazing, keep up the great videos!
I love trek trendy ❤
Well done for taking Mum ! great content as usual
Love all your videos Trek Trendy, but a pink razor is nothing to be ashamed about and certainly not just for women!!
Sounds stupid! Really couldn’t argue with you! However, after hearing about, and seeing titanic footage, I’d never cross the Atlantic like this! Apparently, my grandmother’s sister was going to escape desperate poverty back in the day and start a new life in America intended to work her passage over as a waitress Got the job! For reasons unclear to my mother who told me the story, she missed the ship It was the titanic!
Providence to Stockholm by tugboat-Keep Tuggin'
I have been in princess grill 2 times once when I was 10 and the other when I was 11 both times with 30 ft smells and went to the jacuzzi on both of those times. I went to the special one. Also the kids zone is so fun if your parents travailing with kids.
#jamfirst
Wow, that’s was amazing trip!  I guess it’s perfect for my dog 🐶
Vaccination record? WTF???
Wow,what a boring video! explain about the time changes every evening before you go to bed!  Captain's dinner etc.
Do you get jet lag on a cruise?
Are you mad man, cream first!
Your Mom is so beautiful! What a great trip to do together! Looks like it was extraordinarily fun! I don’t think I could have been in the planetarium during rough seas. You two were brave.
Titanic 2.0
Love your sumptuous journeys. You have an eye for detail. Your videos are very methodically made and don't leave any stone unturned. Of course, you are no ordinary travel vlogger, you are a niché traveller. However, there's one question for you, why do you always wear NASA branded clothes?
I love the video and love that your switching it up then trains. Love love it
Well I'm not British but I am American. And with the scones it's like a roll in America so honey and jam
Ah yes people in London seeing ocean liners in Southampton docks will still remember that day on April 10th when their relatives waved at them for the supposed last time [they either survived or froze to death]
The cream goes on first, for toast and jam you don’t put the jam on first do you do you? The cream is the butter
I especially enjoyed the BYOB evening 🙂
when  this  ship  comes  to  karachi....from  pakistan
Incredible video, whilst the plane is the quickest and usually cheapest option there is still always something special about the old school charm of ship/train travel!
Big shout out to mum 🙂
How much would that cost 2 people to travel the same way as you did xxxx
Are you flying home First Class, Will?  The cunard ships are definitely liners and not cruise chips like Royal Caribbean. That's a whole different experience
Really good video mate 👍
This was incredible …sad when it was over❤️
pretty crazy how a trip that used to take months can now be completed in a week
Queen Mary is not a cruise ship, true. But cruise ships are not ships. They are floating barges with blocks welded on them. 😂 Very nice video btw., so nice that you went with your mother. Take care 🤗
Thank you for sharing...
That was fun with your Mom...:):):)
Lol it’s a ship not a boat..boats are for the bath, ships sail on the ocean.
You and The Points Guy UK should do a collab
Obviously jam first. Never trust a Devonian.
The day Will forgets his NASA shirt, it will take the next flight right behind him !!!
Hi Trek Trendy, I'm Dennis Daniels from Cleveland, Ohio! Thanks for sharing your video about the luxury ship from London to New York!
What a nice surprise having your mom on this trip and video. As you know I'm right into your train trips but this was a great change from those.
hi did 5 day cruise last week queens grill i put jam first  then creram
Hi from Australia! Our whole family loves your channel and watch regularly, my most important question at the moment is.... What is the model of Tims your're wearing? I'd like some...
Great vid!!! Love the content! Should do a video of all of your equipment/editing software you use! That 360 camera you use does the stitching flawlessly!
I was fortunate to do a cruise on the QE2 from Florida to New York as a subcontactor. The food in the crew restaurant was incredible and the crew amenities was more than I expected. If I was to take a cruise again, this ship is my choice. Great coverage  of most of what is available to passengers. Two things I did notice is the typo on Cheery not Cherry tomato soup, the other was the towel in the jacuzzi facility after you the plaque How many of you saw the same thing? The sea state can get quite rough at times, but without the stabalizers it would be doing a lot more rolling. Congrats on a well presented Vlog.
Scones - Cream first then Jam but i love to crumble up the scones with tea. Give it a go mate.
I’ve wanted to do this cruise for a couple of years now.  Never been out to sea; but really want to experience crossing the North Atlantic.  Far cry from how my ancestors left England in the late 1600’s for Virginia.
How you like getting those shots and a Hitler card ? 🤣🤣🤣 another follower !
Awesome vlog.  What do you mean the QM2 isnt a cruise ship.  What sets a cruise ship apart?
Negative covid test?  Vaccination record ???????????????????????? Never with you ... : (
Oh, one more thing. Never, EVER take off your jacket at dinner. It's meant to stay on! 😉
Great vid, really enjoyed watching. Have travelled QM2  6 times now, in all class of cabins and loved every voyage. Just for future ref, the nautical term is not 'Aft'. It's Stern. Front of a ship is the Bow.
This is the most awesome train ive ever seen, you wouldn't even think it was a train, but it's cleverly disguised, which i give them credit for. To the future of sailing trains.
I loved this ep....your mum is so sweet and beautiful
looks a bit boring to be honest - not that much to do, looks definately more for older people....50 plus?
Cream then Jam
I can't tell you how impressed I am that you brought your Mom.  Bravo!!
My family immigrated to the U.S. in 1961 the Queen Elizabeth ship but we were in a very different cabin it was  in tourist class hence no Windows and I was sea sick for 4 days. Very choppy seas as it was in the winter. As a  teenager I still thought it was the greatest adventure ever. No regrets😁
This has to be the least genuine guy on YouTube
You had me at you can bring your dog
No port LEFT in the bottle. That’s how I remember it lol
this is so cool!!
Sailing on the QM2 was always on my bucket list. After watching this, it’s crossed off! Great video, but the ship looks like a Premier Inn on the waves. Amazed at how low the standard of general fitting, furniture, food is. I’d absolutely do it in order to move to the US with my dog, but otherwise, probably not.
your live audio and commentary audio levels are a shambles mate. Constructive criticism.
you will have all these beautiful memorys with the trips you have taking with your mum and dad . this is  defo the best YT channel by a long distance .
Lovely mom and son trip 😊
Many years ago, there simply weren't all these psychopathic formalities to do! FJB!
What a sweet memory you created with your mom, she must be very proud of you . well done for giving back.
am so impressed with your videos, what camera do you use please, am thinking of getting DJI pocket 2. looking forward to your reply.  many thanks in advance
Taking your mom on a cruise ship, now thats what i call a true gentleman.. god bless you.
Congrats for taking your Mum with you.!!!  You're a nice fellow.... thanks to your Mum!
I know this question is off off topic but where did you get yours Tims boots from 😂
What a boring ship.... only food and nothing else.... how can someone enjoy this cruise for 7 whole days without any attractions nor excursions....
You are a legend. love the videos
Hi Will, this was my favourite video you made so far. Loved the nostalgia of a trip over the big pond and with your mum. Couldnt help think that the boat was really dated though and simply isnt worth the money. I was on the MSC World Europa in Doha for the world cup. The recently launched 1 bio usd boat. I know its a different type of ship, but it made the Queen Mary 2 look like a ferry. Keep them going!
Can someone explain Afternoon Tea to me? I'm Canadian and I've never really understood exactly what this custom is, and how it interacts with the rest of the day's meals. I'd love to know more. Thanks!
Please do more Cruise ships!!! Cheers Tims
I’m so jealous and envy you. I’ve been watching ur channel over a week.  And just today I realized you created such a good contents some experience that most of us couldn’t be able to experience. You deserve a subscribe. So today I did thank you so much ❤.  Wish you create more good content and many more yrs to come. 😊
i always put jam and then cream on top of the jam
If you'd have preferred to dine in your room for dinner would they have brought it to your room? Just curious.
Hi, please do more ship reviews. Your plane/train reviews are top class
Wow! What an incredible way to travel! That cabin is the stuff that dreams are made of! Talk about a wonderful way to spend a week!
Excellent drone shots in this video. Was that your drone? Does the ship allow passengers to fly drones?
Loved the video. Warm greetings from Australia.
I dont like ships....no matter how luxurious they are.....a small hole and down they go......nice presentation though....
Outdated, disappointing food, lackluster and grungy exterior. HARD PASS
Love how you include your Mum in the cruise and the video!
Holiday for me is not having to dress „properly“ or go to dinner at a given time. I could so much not enjoy this trip…
Looks so fun
Why have you got holes in your jeans
From planes to trains and now boats. Love the content!
I eat scones plain, then the cream, then the jam. Come at me!
Jam then cream
This bloke is a weirdo
I think we need to take a moment to appreciate your mum  She's cyooot!
Can I come with you on a trip 🤞
WHAT IS CIABARTER!!!!!!!!
It’s interesting to note you need a USA visa. Is that not required for US citizens? Like your passport would make needing it redundant I feel.
#jamfirst
Is there a passenger ship that travels from Europe the Australia? Air travel is horrid.
Wonderful video!  I took the same crossing in July and I felt like I was right back on the ship! A couple things to mention is that the ship has a lovely spa area and there are also games and puzzles available to play on one of the decks (can't recall which one). Also, going from England to New York you gain an hour each day whereas the opposite direction you lose an hour each day. I've done both, and much prefer the England to NY!  Highly recommend this transatlantic crossing!   Safe travels!
YAYYYY, TRENDY MUM IS JUST LOVLY.... HELLO FROM NEW ZEALAND JULIE 😉😉👍👍👌👌 YOUR SON IS A GREAT WATCH!!!
Your voice inclinations are incredibly hard to listen to. I like the content but struggled with the way you're talking. It's unnatural and annoying - sorry!
I hope you don't mistake your mum for your girlfriend when the lights are out 😆 😂 🤣 😅 🙃 😄 😆 😂 🤣
love following you, super glad your mum had a great time :-)
Is this cheaper than flying??
I'm watching this video the night before our flights to New York with Jet Blue for our 40th Birthday, feeling very excited. We have the Mint Studios which I decided to go for after watching your video on them.  Keep up the great work, I find your videos interesting, informative and light hearted which makes them a great watch.
I’d love to do this think I’ll wait at least 30 years so I’m at least 60 though. Great video thanks
You should come to Norway and sail with us in Hurtigruten,  5 1/2 days along the Norwegian coast from Bergen to kirkenes. 👍
Why you always wear nasa ??
Hay Will very good videos my dad and I love them😀
The taxi driver ripped you off, he went the long way into the docks
Does anyone know what shoes he is wearing? They look sort of a timberland style trainer?xxx
Cannot board without a 'Vaccination Record', WOW! You're mum is lovely TT. A vary classy trip.
the suite looks like a room at the holday inn
I love watching your videos because it makes me feel like I am along on the journey! Great job!
If I was a she, I would give your mom a small curtsy salute.  But I am a he, so I give her a head bow.
Cream then jam the good old Devonshire way
Taking your Mum with you. That was cool.
Most boring trip
awesome drone shots!
You do need to learn etiquette.... Keep your dinner jacket ON when having dinner!
What’s with the NASA stuff? Did you go back on the ship or is it only one way?
Wow this an amazing video, always wanted to see what it would be like .. thanks mate
That was a great one! I LOVE that you took your mum!
Do you watch icebergs from your balcony?
Absolutely brilliant. Could I ask what hardware you use and editing software. Many thanks.
That was cute to take a trip with your mom like that.
Mom❤️
1520….Jam first and Cream on top!   Of course 😊. Laurie.   NZ.
Jam toast then cream
For a video odes you should do luxury hotel rooms😊😊😊
It looks really boring.  And you better be really friendly with the geriatric crowd.
Forgive me for asking but what is all the NASA stuff for??
At first I thought that was your girlfriend but you kept saying Mom.She looks young .
Mass
lol u still need a vaccine passport? nothing for me. still empty
If your feeling frogy you should try the Holland America grand tour (around the world in 156 days if I recall correctly)
I do the QM2 transatlantic crossing over and back from America.every year. Sure beats flying.
Looked like a good time.
Cream then jam!
love the boat as well you both look dashing and amazing hot mommmmm
your mother looks amazing she is lucky to have you on her arms
21:00 Seeeeagulls
Did your mom have you at 13?  She looks great!
Great video! I was on the same crossing, along with my dog. If you saw something that looked a bit like an Ewok, that was her lol
This looked so 3 star
She’s lovely, gracious and a real queen. The ship’s nice too ❤ So wonderful you could share your journey with your mum! I hope I can do the same with mine
this is a slay
Purr he beat the titanic challenge
That was very enjoyable. It’s been on my bucket list for many years. I’ve promised it to myself for my 50th, 11 years to go. 😂
You go aft to the stern
What is the model or your Timberland shoes?
It's strange that they don't have boat trains from London (or other parts of England) directly to these cruise ship piers - I mean how hard can that be ?  I'm sure there is more than just Cunard cruises who would use this.  Also how much is that short cab ride from the Southampton Station ?
I can’t appreciate this enough. Thank you for the video and thank your mother for raising such a gentleman. Believe me, what you did will forever be cherish by your mother and god bless you for that 🎉
1899
Glad YouTube led me to this channel! I enjoyed this and will be watching lots of your other videos!
tomato soup and mac&cheese..a lousy 1 star bed breakfast...fish & chips.. you must be kidding me. You make that ship look like a fast foods outlet on sea.
Bro's been on every mode of transport at this point....except steam locomotive
NOOO WILL IS WATCHING GILMORE GIRLS
I would be in that planetarium every night
Woop home Southampton love it
A other Brilliant Video from you. Well done!!!
Who the f-ck would want to travel 7 days for 5 grand when you can fly over in 6 hours for 500 return?? Pointless video....
I’m new to your channel, so I don’t know if you often travel with your mum, but I LOVE that you take her with you. And yes, she looked amazing in that formal gown!
I'm new to this vlog, what's with NASA? Did you work for them? Either way, that's cool.
One of my fav vids bro
Indian haydrabad big fan  of you
Hi do they provide thailand like massage on ship
Who does your travel arrangments? I am in the US and I would like to travel in a similar way. I have no travel agent as of now.
Going to the jacuzzi with your mom... how freaking awkward this can get? 🤣🤣🤣
Great video of something most of us will never afford. Lucky Mom!
You lost me at "Yes you can bring your dog"   You know one of the best things about going on ships?  you never have to hear the sound of a dog barking ditsurbing your sleep, annoying you during the day. You dont have to worry about stepping in dog shit.   You dont have to worry about a filthy mutt jumping up on you putting its dirty paws on you uninvited and slobbering.  You dont have to deal with self entitled dog owners who think their dogs are their children.  yeah i'm out.
Your mum looked amazing, love her choice of dress 😁💙
I'm devastated for you that the cheesecake wasn't to your liking! I don't know if I would have been able to continue on the voyage after such a setback!
One of my bucket list entry.
Lovely content, absolutely smashing , your mom is a very soft spoken beautiful lady.
I bet the ship stinks of old people's p155 !
You are a good son❤
You did make me laugh,a freebottle of water!oooohhhh!lol
Thank you for giving a present day perspective on the transatlantic voyage experience. In the glory days of transatlantic travel, luxury and speed of the crossing were the main factors for the idle rich. Even today, watching you and your lovely Mom dressing up and having fine meals and entertainment, it felt pretentious, with the staff forced to wear masks and the beautiful people living their best lives. Having watched this, I would probably eaten the buffet food and room service for meals. And enjoyed the library and balcony to watch the sea go by. I guess I am a steerage passenger at heart. Thanks again.
Nice 😊
This is so wholesome. ❤
I think this is my favourite video you've ever done. The shots are incredible, the information is in-depth, the time you spent with your mum was absolutely heart-warming and wow, what an amazing memento you have for the future of your time together. Huge well done on this one.
Single much 🤣
This is exactly how classy I would expect your mum to be given how you are also Will.  Great upload, keep up the fantastic work.
Your mom looks like she could be your sister..
Always wind up hungry after one of your videos! 😂
19:30 anyone else notice the oj looks like a filled sample bottle.
Dogs on a luxury cruise ship. Ridiculous. What about dog urinating and excreta contaminating?
I prefer the sound of the “cheery” tomato soup!
A week on an ocean liner cruise to America, with your mother??? Get a life pal.
With his mother?
4:02 dirty phone ....
My Grandfather rode the original Queen Mary when he emigrated from Scotland to the US!
Seeing how rusty she is in the thumbnail makes me sad. Cruise lines are really suffering it seems. I took the trip from NYC down to the Caribbean when she was a couple years old. Got upgraded to the Queen Victoria suite, port side with like 5 of the massive windows looking over the bow. Awesome view as we entered and left port every few days.
Still requiring a vaccination record???  Ridiculous.
As much as sea days can be great I don't know if I'd be able to handle a full 7 sea days. I remember going to Hawaii on a cruise and even the sea days there and back seemed a bit much although it was super beautiful once we got to the islands.
What watch are you wearing? Curious to know
I have watched a few of your tours on planes trains and now a ship and I love them all, just wondering what type of drone are you using on this tour?
Thanks for a very interesting take on the truly iconic QM2. Your cinematography was delivered in such a non intrusive way. Big question is please,how on earth did you achieve those distance shots.Drone?. Thanks again
Dare say the QE2 can no longer be called elegant. It's somewhere between MacDonald's and Holiday Inn. Perhaps it's run by an American company. Still better than one of those gargantuan cruise ships.  Charming gentleman, charmingly innocent presentation, and the brogues with a dinner jacket and very relaxed table manners make it only the more innocent and charming.
now how bad does the ship rock? because my wife has a fear of being caught in a storm at sea.
JAM FIRST ALWAYS
How tall are you? Are the ceilings super low? My husband is 6 foot tall. Will he be bumping his head on the bedroom ceiling?
Love you took your mom. I miss my mom so much!
Jab required???
Vaccination record? No I don’t think I will watch a single second more than the 2 minutes I’ve already watched, thanks.  Just because you’re in the majority of shameless people who played the 1% game, doesn’t mean you’re right.
Wow! One of the trips on my bucket list
POSH Port Out. Starboard Home.
Worst ship in the world.
The editing on this video is outstanding.
14:00 think they will change it to the King's room now?
Such great videos, keep them coming! Your Mum looks quite young🥰 lovely you are both together ❤❤
Wonderful to invite your Mum. Expected more from the food. Seemed to be nothing spectacular.
This is the best tour I've seen of this ship 🚢. 💙 💙 awsome job. Now its on my travel list. 💘 your channel. USA Fan here.
It's not called a scone. That's a biscuit 😉. Obviously, you put butter on it and top it with a brown or white gravy.
I really enjoyed this video. The facilities are stunning. I loved the little balcony that you had. It was expensive, but being almost all inclusive made it better value.
Love how much you love your Mum.  I nope that I can do that again one day with my son.  Just have to find the right spot I guess.  We make great travel partners.
Dated, dated, dated.  Found this crossing to be utterly dull.  Average age was about 65-70.
What about the peasants in steeridge  ?
Bro u should visit india Punjab north india its incredible journey in real
A Yank here but... cream then jam...
Why can’t you just spread half with cream half with jelly so you get both in one bite but the jelly doesn’t fall off
you your father and your mother and your girlfriend cool, this good family relationship
I would have probably spent most of the trip in that library, with that view!
You should have so many more subscribers. Wonderful, unpretentious, beautifully shot and edited. Love it.
Bro I miss my times with my mother may she rest in peace!¡ you have shown how much she means to you !! Stay humble and stay blessed,,
Pleased you enjoyed your trip with your Mum but you did not go by luxury shi[pfrom London at all you want from Southampton.thought that headline was not correct.
The QM2 arrives every year in my home city when it comes to canada so I go see that beauty every time she comes.
Cream first then jam for my scones : ) yes absolutely i would also take the rest of my champagne to dinner too ❤️
Mr Trendy, did you use your mothers razor to shave your face? 16:24
Ur mum is stylish! She’s so fun lucky to have her along the journey! This is so wholesome great content brother ❤🙏🏾
Loved this mate. Keep up the amazing work, I love aviation and ocean liners, you have hit the spot mate.
Love to see this adventure with mum! ❤Been enjoying your content cheers to the channel! Mum is fun bless her soul!
It's so sweet that you brought your mom for the trip☺️ It's so nice to see the son and mother interactions 🥰 Also as a fellow vegetarian like your mom. It was nice to see options 😊
Great video I really enjoyed it thank for sharing it 🧑🏻‍🎄🎅
why does he remind me of a british Kyle Rittenhouse? 💀
I just realised…do you take inspiration from “wish you were here”? I loved that show growing up! So professional! Love the vids! ❤
Cream first. Having been on 2 American cruise ships, I can truly appreciate the simple beauty and relaxing atmosphere on this ship..lovely. I have 3 adult sons, who I would love to have this experience with ❤. Well done!
This was such a wonderful video. And a fresh perspective traveling with family. Thanks for your continued reviews!
Me wondering if Millie will show up. But it's your mom! I'm so glad you shared this amazing journey with her.
Your video brings back good memories.   And I loved your Insta360 footage.
Have a new subscriber
Nearly the route of the Titanic thank God Ships are much safer than back in 1912
What is the "vaccination record" nonsense that is required?
Worst piss poor food on the high seas.  Ship in terrible condition, skip this one.😬
You missed a treat not visiting the commadore club, the champagne bar, the casino and the chart room...
your nothing better go homelss again
What a wonderful trip.  You have a beautiful mother.  Thanks for sharing.
We have 2 TAs booked in the next two Septembers. We have always sailed with my mother, (and she took us in Queen's Grill) and were to have gone with her this summer on a 29 day cruise on Queen Elizabeth from Alaska, through the Panama Canal, to Florida. Unfortunately, she passed away the day before we got on the ship. It was not the same without her. So glad you shared this with your mum. Did you go to the spa (always our favorite part)? Or to any of the movies and other shows? So much to do!
I love that you brought your Mum. This was so great. Thanks for including the pets on board too.
We were fortunate to cruise of the QE2......how elegant and truly a wonderous experience....good memories
Pretty inexpensive when return flights for 2 can cost that to NYC, when you consider it. Obviously this is one way, but relatively speaking
I love that you took your mom on this trip
You sir are a absolute gentleman taking your mum, she must be so proud of you 👏 🥰
How nice to take your mom!
The best thing about this video is nothing to do with the boat ect but you being in a position to do something we'd all love to do ..treat our parents beit both or just Mum or Dad to an amazing holiday. Well done and merry Christmas
Please do you can give a opportunity for me for visit others contrys
Wish I had that type of money. How amazing!!
Your mom is a LEDGE 🙌🙌🙌🙌
Be honest, you were the youngest guest on that ship right?
Who are Grills?
The steak looks small
There are many larger and more luxurious ships. This here is now old.
Jam first
Uno this is exactally how the titanic sunk😂
amazing
whilst you were cruising did you happen to come across a group of people in period costumes, circa 1910's/20's..?? there were some other youtubers also on this cruise...these are people who like to sew/wear costumes out in everyday life...I follow some of them..Morgan Donner,  Abby Cox and Nicole Rudolph...
My only concern was the size of the portions as it's quite a serious issue other than that I'm really pleased for Mum and I'm sure she enjoyed herself , well done 👍🏽 I was wondering was you able to fly your drone while the vessel was at sea or did you have permission due to the the video you was creating??
Amazing vlogg  ... mindblowing  😎😎😎😎😎
TY! I enjoyed every second of this video.
A                                                            A
A
Seem like all we seen him do was eat surely there was much more to see on this massive ship
London to New York by Luxury Ship  Iceberg : Hello there !!
One one side my great-great grandparents arrived on a ship,  only one descendant from my grandmother gave her a Great-granddaughter.  I do have a question; what's your association to NASA? now that it's part of the DOD [7 agencies I heard now]
This guy must have a travel agent IATA card 🙄
Wow. Great video !  Your Mum is so lovely and I think it’s Brilliant you brought her along. ❤
i think a british ship would have a lift not an elevator....
shedule?
Tell you what that ship Needs a good paint all that time off in the pandemic stuff do you think they would’ve gave it a good point and freshen it up a bit
My Aunt is leaving today to travel to Southampton for tomorrow's sailing on this ship... She will be away for a month!
That clip in Times Square with Dermot Kennedy behind you 👍🏻👍🏻
Whats the link with NASA?
That ship is taking the same path as the titanic😮
Fabulous! Just love that you’ve treated your mom to this wonderful crossing. She must be so proud of you! And as far as scones go…… butter, jam and cream….. in that order. 😂
Thank you SO much for showing the menus!  Love that you took your Mom along this time.  Very special.
Honestly, your Mum is so young looking and pretty.
I was on her maiden voyage with my partner  and my parents back in January of 2004
I have photos of the QM2 docked in Long Beach 2 ys ago when I took a trip to Catalina Island. What a beautiful ship for its time!
How much does this cost??    You have my attention.
It's nice to hear Neil Degrasse Tyson at sea.
Is plane or ship more cheap
You are a good son, Will. Taking good care of the mom that raised you. Cheers 🥂
Great to see you with your mom   Indeed! Hope everything is okay with your lady friend?
I will shit my pants with that storm I will never go on a schip on the ocean not even for a millions
Always wanted to ask.... Whats the obsession with NASA? (haha... cuz kinda on the same wagon)
This looks amazing
When I was 9 I went from NY to Liverpool on a Cunard  ship. It took 7 days. This was 1962. I remember so many details. Very cool experience.
This is such a bucket list kind of trip!  I love that your mom joined you.  Honestly, with the pool closed, I'd be spending my time on the balcony when I wasn't eating, lol.
how much does it cost?
Luxurious and it's beautiful that you took mum along. Loved to see much more of mum on your travels🥰
So sweet of you to bring your mom❤️. I always thought it would take longer, but 7 days, is a holiday on itself,  it looked very tempting ☺️
I like that you took your Mum with you. I would’ve done the same.
Horrendous. My worst nightmare. Cooped on a closed ship with classist behaviours still firmly in play and nowhere to run when you’ve had enough. Grim.
16:44 - Looks like you jumped out of Bioshock with the mask but I like the threads
good video, good lad
Having had tea with Queen jam then cream !
went on this in 2019 was amazing apart from the force 11 gale
Your Mom seems like a very nice, kind person.
nice
Was this a freebie from Cunard in return for a favourable review? The reason I ask is that this particular ships reviews on Cruise Critic from people who actually pay full fare paints an entirely different picture to your story!
Mom not mun
🤔 How much it would cost ?
I'm so jealous of this guy at times but he seems like such a nice guy you can't help but like him!
Not British, but lived there from ages 3-7 and learned English there.  I remember my Romanian Dad espousing the logic behind putting jam on first.  Basically it came down to "When concerning anything with cream, it should indicate that something is completed- done.  Finishing either as a deposit inside, or a liberal drizzling covering over everything else."    🥒🥛
Thanks for sharing
Your drone must be powerful
Hrs Posh twat boat
Great video. Do they not then time to arrive into New York at a time when people would be up instead of in the middle of the night as I'm sure lots would want to experience this?
Quite a decent price for 7 days on such a beautiful ship. Wonderful video as always
Ship is too large for me! Freaky large. Scarry large. Forget about it.
It’s lovely talking mum with you. I miss mine every day, what fantastic memories .ps mum looks amazing 👏👏👏👏👏
Your mum is a sort
Holy crap, you look like your mom!  Geez...
I have been looking into this for time. I’ll save it for my 30th birthday ❤❤❤
Where is the music from or by?
One day I will be on Queen Mary to new york city
They’re still doing the vaccination/covid passport bullshit, huh? The cruise ship industry will not be missed.
🌸❤🌹❤
Your mum is far too young to be your mum!   (That's a compliment to both of you, BTW!)
Lovely video. We first sailed on QM2 when it was new. The ship departed from the traditional Manhattan passenger piers where the first Cunard Queens docked and sailed down the Hudson just as the city lights were coming on. The crossing was 6-days to Southampton (down from the speedy 5-days QE2 did most of her career) at that time. Cunard has slowed the ship down to apparently save fuel and increase revenue generating sea days.
Cut in half jam on then cream, banging
Hope this is the first of many cruises to come 😊
Nothing to be ashamed mate, I have a glamourish pink microphone :3
Yes finally cruise ships reviews
never trust one with eyes as wide as fuck and a nasa t-shirt. tomboy
My father owned a shipping company and had 3 ships - the Accra, the à-papa  and unfortunately I can’t remember the last one. We used to go all they way to the Canary Islands….
Wow honestly this video was a wonderful sneak peek of one of my  lifelong dreams... My dad was very fond of ships and passed on his passion to me... He passed away years ago when I was only 14 so unfortunately he won't be able to come with me, but at least I'll be able to enjoy it with my wonderful kids❤️ I can't wait to follow your footsteps and book this trip myself! Thank you again for always making such high quality and enjoyable videos! It was super nice to meet your mum, too🤗
Love they have tiptree jam! That’s only up the road from me
16:41 swoooon...
definitely on my bucket list.  Looks like it's time to repaint that ship!  She I saw her she was leaving Long Beach for a world cruise and she was brand new and shiny, the sea has definitely given her a beating.
Last time I crossed the Atlantic I was on a frigate of the Royal Navy , lovely video, your a good son taking your mum on this voyage👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I really enjoyed this video. I’m now in the mood to give the seas a try. BTW, don’t sweat the razor, I think the only difference is the color of the handle.
still need a vaccine card? sheesh
That was always my dream ❤
That looks like a really fun vacation that looks like something fun that I would really enjoy sometime soon
I wish I could take a trip with my mom.  She has dementia and has to live in a nursing home & doesn't know who I am anymore.  I love you mom!  Thanks for the video my friend!
Great video!  I was on that same crossing!  I remember the medevac the first night, glad to hear the passenger was ok.  And yes we had a few rough sea days, main deck closed for a day or two.  I don't get sea sick either, but it was still rockin pretty good on the day they reopened the main deck I found running difficult so walked 9 laps instead.  But rough seas are expected for the North Atlantic, especially in Oct and Nov, for those wanting a smoother crossing you'll find better luck with that from May to Aug.  I've done about 6 crossings over the years, but I don't otherwise cruise, I usually fly places to see and experience it.....the crossing is just enjoying the sea time and better way to cross the Atlantic if you have a week or two if you want to do it both ways.
Fantastic voyage, the ship looks beautiful.   All that food though, is there a gym?
The way u keep looking at ur mum with that awkward awful perverted smile makes me sick
Timbies are belters to be fair
The tomato soup and mac and cheese would have been my pick too! Nice. I am sure it is better than Campbell's and Kraft.
Your 2nd video after a long month??? . I really missed your videos. Keep going🇮🇳.
Aww, so sweet you brought Mum. She's a cutie! Thanks for the vid, good job.
Great video once again! I just love your British accent! Haha 😂🥰
His mom is a sweetheart. And easy on the eyes 😉
I wish i can do this atleast 1 day of my life ❤️
My uncle was a chief security officer on the QE2 for many years....
Scones? Jam first, cream on top. Always!!!!
That's a LOT of old people 😂
This was interesting; never thought to cruise to England instead of flying. Love your mom she was here for all the fun.❤
Cream then Jam
Hi! I just started watching your channel about a month ago. I'm curious as to why you wear alot of NASA stuff? Do you work for them or are you just a NASA fan? My brother used to work for them that's why I'm asking.
No shots of mum in the jacuzzi, very disappointing..
I did this trip in the late 60s with my mother. I was around four years old we were on the SS United States moving from England to New York. We passed the Queen Elizabeth on our third day have some memories eating at the captains table because I was the youngest passenger.
this is beyond imagination to travel with your mom, I really appriciate you and love this, God bless you and yours
Hmm the ship feels very dated to me. I’m sure it’s amazing, and I’d definitely love to do it, but I wish they’d spend some money on it to bring it up to date.
I have been waiting to watch you and mum since you and your dad…i truly enjoyed, hi julie…the ship is marvelous.  All the different floors, entertainment, delightful foods etc. WOW !!! 🎉the scenaries is beautiful especially coming into New York.  Welcome to my city.  Enjoy!  p.s. i think you look like mum😊
Plenty of Americanism/IKEA/weather spoons. I honestly did not see much opulence/ craftsmanship and quality. Much improvement needed
With nasa badge definitely they can identify you even with the mask on 😂😂
Wow, top quality video. Would love to go on a Cunard ship one day the QM2 is so iconic
What a lovely Mum!  Really enjoyed her as an addition, you should include her more often! Great tour hope you show more of your destination city next time.
Great content!!! But hey, are you allowed to fly drones during those aerial B-rolls? 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Watching from Britannia cruise😊
What is your link to NASA?
This is my favorite channel on Youtube
Hmmmmm you smell like melted cheese...    ~ Peter Griffin
What's with the NASA stuff you always wearing are you a part of NASA or did you used to be
LOL....it looks like a floating retirement home, what are average age +70 years ? 😂
Who's here after watching 1899??💀
So cringey
An interesting  trip and I love your trips with your parents you are very lucky x
On my bucket list but I think I'd fly to New York, spend some time there, and come back by ship, for a downwind passage, west to east.
what is the nme of song @20:25
3:00 the camera came before he decided to board the ship and recording until he enters the exact room the camera dedicated for him. Wonderful
Can’t say it’s my cup of tea. Pensioners paradise. Rusty spots show it’s due a refresh. Give me The Ivy Afternoon Tea any day.
i would be interested to know who you booked with as booking with an agent would be a cheaper option
The size, architectural & interior design of the ship is simply jawdropping!😱wow pretty sure youved enjoyed a lot in 7days such marvelously stunning travels youre amazing!lookin forward for the next vlogs😘💡👌🍷🥂🚢
Loved this trip with mum!
Your preference for Jam on first or clotted cream first generally shows your roots. The Cornish of Cornwall use jam first so the jam can melt into the scone. The Devonians prefer it for gosh knows why the other way around, the Scots, where Scone originally came from in the sixteenth century prefer a buttered scone, Personally I don't care, I like them sweet and I'll eat them however, if they are served. But if I have to chose, and they are fruit scones (Buns) butter, if plain flour score probably just butter and jam, when I have a furry face, and butter jam and then cream if I am clean shaven.
Hi! Thank you so much for giving us a shout out. I'm so glad you enjoyed our show! Our first time on Cunard so it was all new for us too! Great video 💚
You look grrrreat in black tie! Love the review.
Damn dude are you ever home??
Glad you both enjoyed yourselves. But to me a tea and scone cruise. The youngest on board were the animals.
would love to know the camera setup your using on this trip please
you & mummy on the trip is the cutest!!!!!!!!!!
Cunard is my favorite line by far, because it has that nostalgic old elegance feel to it. I did four crossings as a youngster with my parents on the QEII in the 70s, then in the 2010s spent four months on a world cruise aboard the new Queen Elizabeth. I've been on NCL, RCL and Holland America and they all pale in comparison to me. Glad you got to experience this!
I found the Vegetarian Menu in the grill extremely lacking.  Crap in fact.
Brilliant, loved this,If only I could treat my mum like this, she's never been further than Wales.. she'd never set foot on a ship,excellent report,looks like your mum had a blast..
Ma hu youtuber mare gangstar channel ha mare channel se aabka help hosa kata hai  .        https://youtube.com/shorts/z13UFFmQ0S4?feature=share
I always love watching your videos it fantastic
You should’ve started the vid in Southampton town - at least at south western house - 200 metres away from the ocean terminal and where the first class passengers for the titanic stayed the building is dead opposite betroth 44/46 where the Titanic sailed from
I love watching your videos. I also love the NASA love you have. I have some of the Lego NASA figures such as the Apollo 11 rocket, the Space station & currently trying to build the frustrating shuttle set. Just wanted to know are/were you part of NASA, or just a nerd like me?
Hi can anyone tell me, what drone is used for filming this? I know probably been asked many times. Always enjoy watching these videos. Thank you.
First for a ship evaluation…a welcome change from the railway and airline reviews.  The Queen Mary is definitely on my bucket list.  Your review impressed us quite a bit.
Aww wee trip with mum she looked like she had a blast well done keep up the good work
This is in my top three of my bucket list.
Kinda nice the map the point of TITANIC
This was lovely❤
You for sure deserve 1 million subs. Keep at it Will!!!!💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥💪💪💪👍👍👍
Wow just unbelievable, thanks for taking my wife and I on a journey we could never make.
What a good lad. First he takes his dad and now his mum! What a good son.
Beautiful ship but definitely starting to show her age
I've been on 17 cruises. Always in  an inside cabin. This cruise  in an inside cabin  is listed at $1595 per person. One always needs to add about 30% to 40% minimum  for onboard spending, gratuities, port charges and taxes.  It seams that this Marvelous  cruise coast you $15.000  to $25.000  or more with transportation?  Be honest, How much did they discount your cruise for your filming?  I love Conard . Going to Alaska 2023.Starting price $949  From Thomas.
so enjoyed your trip with your mum. Thanks for letting us join you!
You always seem to find beautiful ladies to travel with !!!
Great vid Will. How did you and your mom get back to the UK.
This looks like it was a really fun trip! I would love to do this. I think it’s so sweet you brought your mom along. As a mom of two boys, I hope we can do trips together when they are grown.
Just beautiful 💜💜💜
I enjoyed your video as always. It was wonderful to see you take a voyage with your Mom.  The only thing I hoped you would have gone over like you do your other videos is the cost of the trip.  It would be nice to compare it to other modes of transportation or cruise lines doing repositioning, etc.
You sleep in your robe?!
Please look into the volume on your rodes mics. The volume is hard to hear compared to you voice over in the past couple of videos. Love you videos!
That was one of the best videos I’ve seen in a long time! For two people that really sounds like a deal price wise. I meant to once in a lifetime trip! Thanks again I love your videos.
<heart> mom.
Spending 7 days sharing a room/being on a boat with my mom  sounds like torture!
The videos is very nice.  Queen Mary 2 is a very dated ship.
Jam first!
I could not have loved this more! Thank you!
I love seeing children giving back to their parents. You can see how happy and proud your mother was in this video. Great travel blog, glad you decided to expand your horizons to the sea.
So cool to travel with your mom! I recently lost my dad. Enjoy every moment with them.
I love Princess Grills on Cunard.
A bucket list type experience. Great you could spend it with your mom.  I do find all of the "princess" perks and private areas interesting.  Most cruise ships are all encompassing, albeit extra cost for some areas (spas, top restaurants, etc) but not exclusive to top classes.
Mili punching the air right now
You used to appear frequently on my recommendations a few months ago and watched quite a lot of your videos but I never noticed that you disappeared since I never subbed till I watched another travel blog style video and I remembered that there was this "much chiller and cool dude" that does these types of videos so I searched for you and immediately subbed so I could find you a lot easier later. Time to binge all the other videos I missed.
My mom and great grandma were able to be apart of the Queen Mary 20 years ago! I love watching their footage they were able to capture!
I was really excited with tge knock expecting Millie but bringing your mom was really sweet
Why NASA? Been watching a while and never thought to ask
Curious. What's the link with NASA?
Why do you always have NASA on? I myself also like NASA.
What do special about this route it used to be one world greatest and famous ocean lines the white star line and Cunard lines and rms titanic was bound to go to New York pair 52 one white star line pair
Too bad they don't have trans Pacific cruises. Crossing the Pacific would take a lot more time than the much smaller Atlantic.
Every last passenger mentioned RMS Titanic at lest once. Would love this cruise!
Will your mum is lovely! So glad you both had a wonderful time! Thank you for sharing. Also, at the risk of starting a civil war, cream first then jam!
I'm glad the Emma Cruises channel recommended this video.  It was very interesting,
That weather was mild, jeez you've seen nothing.
You will never get the struggles we farmers and plebeians have just to bring you your daily bread. If I had used 6k euros on a single trip, my better half would make sure I never did that again......
amazing video.
Using Private VPN and are quite happy with their service, far from the best, but far from the worst also. If you do torrenting, private is quite good imho.....
Once I was in Southampton (note: I'm from Spain) and I saw that thing departing for transatlantic voyage.... also had the luck to see the QueenElizabeth2 making a 180 turn at the end of the dock.
Your mom doesn’t look much older than you.
Will, forgive me if you have answered this before, but could you please explain your affinity for NASA? I just don’t understand the connection…
Awesome video!
You not flexing that you were on QM2 was hard to believe. I would have flexed that to no end......
Hi Will, I have been watching your videos for awhile now. My wife and I have a question to ask and this might have been asked already and no disrespect but, what is up with the Nasa apparel and pins in all or most of your videos. We will like to know. Stay blessed.
Looks dirty and dated.
Awww this was so sweet love how you took your parents out with you :) hope they both had a lovely time
Thanks for this cruise video Mr. Trek Trendy Davis 👍 what a beautiful son you are, cruising the high seas with your mama 😍 I would love to do that cruise with my family 😂... ooohhh well...this is why I subscribe to travel channels LoL....this was definitely a different travel video from you but just as awesome 👍 I loved it 💕 thanks again xx p.s scones: I always do jam with cream on top however, lately I've been thinking of cream being the butter so I'm going to change how I eat them hahahahaha 😂
14:50 I'm the guy who throw up the peace sign! ✌️✌️✌️
I would never pay for a cruise.
Get on Royal Caribbean's Allure of the seas (1,186 feet!) =)
Love that you brought your Mum along!
Your mum could be your sister she looks so young!
What a wonderful episode.  I am so glad you got to spend some quality time with your mom. <3
This vlog stands out as one of the best journeys you ever taken me on. Super video. Thank you.
Although it looks quite a bit more elegant (and thank goodness much less 'diverse') than a cruise line, ships are where I draw the line. Sounds like 7 days of seasickness and alcoholism. To not witness two Shaniquas brawl in the common area? 👍🛖 However I will swim before I take the clot shot. I will forgo a north Atlantic crossing and the associated myocarditis too.
Great content and love the videos but the amount of ads is beyond a joke
Wonderful life of a rich man! You are luck. NYC by sea is magnificent 😍  Had you used the drone inside the ship? Oh no 😢 not much elegant!!!
Hi from Montreal, Canada! What a great video!  Your Mum is so pretty!❤
Clearly and always butter then jam then cream.
You mum and you get on so well. This video was fantastic. All the food you eat makes me hungry and want try it myself. Merry Christmas*̣̥☆·͙̥❄‧̩̥࿌ིྀ྇˟͙☃️˟͙࿌ིྀ྇‧̩̥❄·͙̥̣☆*̣̥ and a happy new year 🎉
you should go on more ship  journeys  :)
I would love to see some along the Danube, a friend of mine is from there and told me it's astonishing with the delta. Carribean is also a nice to see.
damn, u can book a 7 night 8 day royal Caribbean cruise with balcony view for 1200
Did that trip in 2005 and 2009 and doing it again next December but from New York this time. Just wanted to say Will enjoys his luxury travel (and clearly enjoys treating his mum too) but we are doing a much less costly  inside cabin (they are still very well appointed) and the fare for the crossing is £695 each all in which, at £100 a day, is unbelievably good value. We don’t need an airfare out (Cunard will reserve this for you which ever direction you need it for around £300) because we are taking another ship out from Barcelona to Fort Lauderdale (a two week repositioning cruise with Royal Caribbean which is also amazing value). Very excited for the trip.
I’m aware I’m a momma’s boy but this warmed my heart. Gotta show some love for the lady that put up with all our shite 🇨🇦
How lovely with your Mom. You both looked so relaxed and happy.
Cost of the trip….. £5198  Making memories with Mum…..Priceless   Another great video sir, big fan of the channel and this one was such a nice surprise. Look forward to the next and Merry Xmas 🎉
Has he explained before what the NASA thing is about? Like is he just obsessed with NASA...has he worked for them before...does he still work for them? I've very curious.
Cream first
Aft is a direction, not a place. The rear of the ship is called the stern.
Thats one proud mom  Great video 😌 amazing 😍
how much did it cost for this trip?
Your mum is so lucky to have you. I bet she is so proud of you!
Titanic
@Trek Trendy, you are amazing and a sweetheart. Loads of love from India ❤
Though I love your videos I don't get this trip. The history is really cool, but 6 grand to be in the middle of the ocean for 7 days. Seems not as enjoyable as any of your other trips.
❤️ I would love to take my mom on cruise ship next year  🙂
Yep -,that’s going on my bucket list! I wish!
Lol, I remember I messaged you on Instagram saying can you make a ship video  and a few weeks later it happened
Jam first and a scon for me
Please go on more cruises. I'd love to watch you go on an expedition cruise to Antartica. Love your videos.
Was expecting the iconic titanic scene with your mum will. Great video and also love the 360 selfie stick
would be nice if i didnt have to pay for anything also. id go in a heartbeat
After watching this my main takeaway is how dated the QM2 looks. Still wouldn't turn it down tho. Lol
Wow your mum is so pretty and young looking. I thought that she was a friend before you mentioned who she was.
Fantastic video, I am a third officer working on MSC cruises.  May I ask what camera you are using on the stick? Definitely something I want to invest in!
The drone shots are fantastic. What did you use?
Take your MUM well dune young man loved it
Cream then jam, there is no debate. 😂
menus come and go too fast, no time to read!
I may have missed it, but what was the date(s) of this trip? Thanks.   (Just started watching.)  Just finished. This was very cool to watch!
is it just me or he really looks rounder
Lost my mom couple of years ago, still remember the last trip to singapore we took. Thanks for this fantastic video
I may just have to try this after your video!!  Thanks.
I would never use a bathtub on a ship.  You have to step over a barrier onto a curved, smooth, slippery, moving surface.  Dangerous.
best video ever watched
What a sweet lady mum is! ❤️  this was really nice to see!
Will, been waiting for a cruise upload, you never disappoint, looking forward to more cruise trips, great video.
Отличное морское путешествие! Шикарный лайнер! Какая у Вас милая и приятная мама, Вы похожи. Приятно провести время в США!
No I live in Southampton and I'm sad I haven't bumped into you 😢 I'm like a huge fan and have seen most your videos
I'd LOVE to do this with my Mum! Your Mum looks amazing! x
we love your content. our family decided not to take the jabbi. hope all is well.
Jam first and then the cream. That way it all stays on the scone. C+vid vax neither prevents transmission nor stops you from getting the disease. If Cunard had for the QE 2 a reliable and virus standardized air filtration system that is conscientiously maintained then passangers could travel worry free of catching ANY virus that is being circulated via the air-conditioning. As attractive as the idea is, Ship travel remains one of the most dangerous of today's travel choices.
Jam on a scone first.
Brilliant video and how lovely to take your Mum along. Although I bet Millie was gutted to miss out.
So happy to have you on board! We hope to welcome you back soon!
"A staggeringly large ship"  Seriously ?😱 Ships this size are currently considered small . Have you cruised before ?
Cream first obviously. Sorry Cornwall you all got it terribly wrong🤣
I think it's great that you're giving your family a chance to experience these kinds of trips with you. Julie seems like such a lovely lady, I hope she enjoyed the voyage as well as the NYC destination!
OMG, I love your mum! She seems so nice!
Formal.. and you're wearing brown brogues :p
You’re branching out! Love it😊 Just starting the video but pretty sure you and mum will have a brilliant time!
Definitely one of the things I'd love to do is to go on a cruise ship.
Whats your affiliation with nasa? if you don't mind me asking
Umm shower, jacuzzi and tux reveals in one episode.  Damn stud 🐻😍👍
Cream then Jam every time! ;-)
I am taking this exact journey next September so I was excited to see you review it! Regarding the cream/jam debate, I've never tried it either way but I intend to try both. However, I have a feeling I'll be more partial to doing it the Cornish way: jam before cream.
I was skeptical about boat videos, but you've outdone yourself Will. Great to see MumTrendy too!
Hey trek what a wonderful video amazing times with your mom, just a quick question the red coat you were wearing what brand of jacket was that and also the Tim's shoes which ones are they,, how did the camera follow you all the time nice drone and video footage. Hope to hear from you soon thanks
I was surprised to see the requirement for a negative covid test as I thought this form of control had been stopped
So did u fly back home after
"With just about as much canine excitement for one day..." Mr. Trendy, I disagree! There can never be enough canine excitement for one day!
Too bad your mother is a vegetarian and not a pescatarian. A pescatarian only adds fish to what is a vegetarian diet. The fish and chips looked great.
How much for this cruise?
Been waiting for this upload 😊 what an experience and to be able to share it with most important woman in your life,thanks for sharing your amazing experience keep it up mate big respect as always take care 👍🏽
Pleaaase tell me, whats the thing with the Nasa stash? :P
As cruise ships go this is a fairly small-mid range size one as well
I'm watching this video in a tram in Rotterdam when it stopped for an open bridge, I look to my left and see the Queen Mary 2 right across the water, what a coincidence!
I love afternoon tea. I prefer clotted cream and the jam on my scones. Clotted cream is very hard to find in the U.S. so whenever I can find it, I am over the moon.
Just love it, just 😇😇😊 so good video, thank you for shareing 👏🙏😊🍾🥂
What is it with your obsession with NASA?
thanks a really good adventure. your mom is so pretty.
I LOVE YOR TRIPS
Wow, right after that amazing Royal Scotsman video comes a Queen Mary 2 journey. Yet another amazing experience, I'm sure! One more straight to the favourites
So nice to see you with your Mom enjoy the trip to NY.
07:48 now it's time to shag /s
Back in the 90s my dad worked for an American company. Won a sales prize a couple of times to go out on Concorde and back on QE2, blew my mind.
The smiles & joy from your mom's face is so legit. Good job mate 👍🏻
The sister to the most haunted ship in the world?
After COVID and the Ruby Princess I don't think I will take a cruise any time soon.
Wow!! Such a wonderful and amazing journey across the pond with your mum. Hope all is well, take care
I bet you were one of the youngest on the ship. Cream then jams
Living vicariously through your videos as no way could I afford this and I can't get away at the moment to boot.  Still a great watch, keep it up!
BUTTER FIRST, THEN JAM 100%
Let's not🤣🤣🤣, warn us before next time, choked on my coffee mate
Your mum is so cool and looks absolutely gorgeous dressed up for dinner or casual wear. This looks to be a fabulous trip and one that should be on everyone's bucket list.
Cream before Jam. Anything else is just wrong and you need to take a good long look at your life choices!
I put jam on first then cream on my scone
For the razor, then I mean. If it works it works. But it does make me think if they allow if you take your own razor with you
That was a lovely surprise, I was expecting Millie yet it was your Mum ... awww such a lovely Mother and Son. both blessed 🥰
This is unbelievable.  Fantastic video. Keep it up.
I did the same trip in May also with my mum, haha. She loved it and so did I
Sophee Lodge ~ must do ❤
Your mum looks like such a beautiful lady. A dream trip I wish I could have shared with my mum....
Loving the content at the minute Will, some great stuff 😀 Glad you got to share this with your Mum, you both looked like you loved the experience. My only slight worry of me doing that was them showing where the Titanic is???? don't really get that when you're on a ship knowing where another doing the same route sank lol 🤣
Omg yayy! I have been waiting for you to finally make videos on ships! I do hope this will not be your last!
four Harps sang a song....what was the song
OMG a bucket list to do 🎉🎉🎉
I love that you took both of your parents on trips, such a good son.  Did you know that there is a weight limit for dogs on the QM2?  I know someone who looked into it because her family moved to Europe and they were told Lucas, their 150 lb Great Dane, exceeded the weight limit.
That “belcony” looks epic.
I think you are only youtuber which showcases air,rail,ship modes of transport . I recommend you to do luxury bus journey also  so that you can complete a list . As usual your videos are different from others and i happily enjoying the videos  Cheers man
We absolutely loved this Will, especially as we are doing the same trip in August next year 😀, did you fly back to the UK from New York ? Your Mum could be mistaken for your sister ! Thankyou for this 😊
hey mate - what camera are you using on your Balcony..the remote one?? loving your travels
Your mum is absolutely adorable!
THE STERN OF A SHIP
You are awesome. It is amazing to see what you film each time. Thank you.
From a young age I've been enamoured by the Titanic and other ocean liners, definitely on my bucket list to go for a transatlantic voyage on the Queen Mary II! still can't believe she's the last ocean liner
I’ve always wanted to do this. Looks like you took advantage of everything the Queen Mary II offers. Beautiful ship. Thank you.
I wanna do this with my mom as well ❤️
Great video as always.  I would like to ask one question re the cost, was tipping expected and extra?               Thanks:)
love your channel and I know you mostly ride trains so my question is have you been on any other ships if so which is or was your favorite
Id love the library! I’d be in there all day reading, drinking a wine, watching the ocean! 😍😍😍
Don't ever call my Queen Mary 2 a boat. It is a ship.  You put boats on ships -- like lifeboats.  That's the difference and always has been.
Great film, and what a wonderful ship. Shame they didn't arrive in the Big Apple in the morning light or as the sun was rising.. what a sight..Fabulous all the same.. Best way to travel from the UK to New York.
If you flew first class to New York it would cost pretty much the same, if not more, as this for two people, I would love to do the crossing on a Cunard ship, maybe some time in the future.
Scones: Jam first, of course - then you can pile up on the cream. Why would you want to do the reverse? 😛
Great video! Keep up the great work.  Can anyone fill me in with the obsession with NASA?
wow, MUM is sooo young looking!   Thought she was your GF ,  Unbelievable how did she do that? 😅😅
Let’s hope after 7 days he changes his tee shirts and jumpers! Couldn’t say I’ve ever spent 80 hours in the same nasa hoodie??? 😂   However, jokes aside I love watching these videos! I’ve been all over the world thanks to your videos! ❤❤❤
Mom looks good, just saying. 😁
Awww…you are a good kid spoiling your mum…,Love your Vids Mate 👍🇦🇺🇳🇿
Your Mom is beautiful
Haha, what a nightmare to share a room with any of my parents. :)
And the son of the year award goes to….. TEK TRENDY!😊
Where did you get the grey blazer from mate?
I butter my scone first, then add a good dollop of strawberry jam, then the clotted cream. Always tastes sensational.
You pay this amount for a 9 hour flight usually, so compared to that, this is really cheap
Your camera work has gotten so good in just the last few months that it looks now like a BBC documentary! If you could reshoot any one of your past trips, which would you choose? 🎥
More mum videos please x
It's very beautiful
Wow This is so amazing.. Holiday season is coming I challenge you to visit Tanzania Serengeti, Tarangire , trekking Kilimanjaro , Ngorongoro conversational area  we can accommodate you a Safari for affordable prices
C'mon there is no first for scones. Half with jam the other half cream, then close. Stop this nonsense, no need for conflict and rubber nuclear weapons.
Aww love mum. You two are very sweet ❤
It's thru your eyes I see the world and I have been able to experience things I will never really experience.  I thank you for allowing me to travel with you and look forward to being allowed to be with you in the future. Scotty Canberra, Australia.
Wow will absolutely loved this one 👏  And how good is ya mam 💜
I was on this voyage, we stayed on for the two week Carribean trip we did have another medical emergency and helicopter visit near Virginia. We came back to New York and back over the Atlantic, an exhausting 27 days but was fabulous.
I love cruise ships. Ive been a number of times. Soo much easier to travel multiple countries without carrying baggage.
Definitely cream then jam 😂 love that you've done this trip with your mum ❤️
I liked the video but bringing your mum along made me LOVE it. She is so sweet!❤
Thank you for another great video. It was lovely to meet your lovely mum. Keep up the wonderful content, take care.
Please do the Auckland NZ to New York or vice versa on Air New Zealand!
Loved this, I’m gonna call my mom and tell her I love her, I’d love to do something like this with her. Great video
The jam goes on scones first, it provides a stable platform for the cream. I have no idea how you would spread jam on top of the cream and those who think this it is appropriate need to have a long hard look at themselves in the mirror.
cream or jam? Clotted cream!
aweee CHEERS Mom!!! This is such the sweetest gesture taking her with you.
Mum was such a lovely Surprise today. What a great Son you are. You both looked so relaxed, and what a ship to relax on. You've got hubby and I thinking about a retirement cruise now! Definitely made our bucket list. What a great once in a lifetime holiday. ❤️🇦🇺🦘
Your mum is just lovely
Did you pass over or close to where the titanic sank
I would never share a room with my mum. But maybe with your mum
looked like a fantastic time, glad you and you’re mum enjoyed it 😊
Рекламы чрезмерно много... 😵
Awe!! Your Mum is beautiful and it looks like y'all had a wonderful time!
I loved travelling on this ship! Such an amazing trip.
That was a lovely vlog, your Mum is both gorgeous and lucky to have you as her son.  Love to cruise but QM2 certainly seems very special.
Nice to your mum looked like a great trip unfortunately not one I’ll experience I certainly don’t have sea legs 😅
What a beautiful trip to share with your adorable mum. Truly a heartwarming experience, thank you for sharing!
Great. Thank you. I have booked Vikings line cruise so your video was useful  👌
Does anyone know what camera or attachment he's using that allows him not to touch the camera while he's walking around?? Is it a drone orrr? I'm so intrigued by what he's using.
I saw this in my sub box and I thought .. "I don't think I've ever seen this guy on a boat!" (for review purposes), hahahaha, this was epic! Your mom is very cute - I think for the price that it cost for both of you, with all that was included, I think it was an extremely fair price. I saw this boat in the Halifax, Nova Scotia, harbor numerous times on vacations.
Your mum is lucky and blessed to have a son like you, to take her on such a trip 🧡
Hi! I'am from very-very-very evil Russia! But, I am  very interested in watching your travellings! I apologise for my bad English)
JAM
it pains me to see that being vaccinated is required for this boat. I really would love to do this
I’m doing a transatlantic next year so this was exciting to watch. A bit different, Virgin from Barcelona to Miami but still useful for me to watch this as we’ll have some similar experiences
The emergency that happened on your ship what happened I hope they are okay
What a fabulous trip, made so much sweeter having your Mum along.  Lovely narration and great video.
Good for mum being a vegetarian. I like her already.
Great blog. Your Mum is lovely, cherish her❤
Oooo a boat. Cool vid. Was loving the trains but this adds another element
Of all your wonderful TREK TRENDY videos, this is by far my FAVORITE.  Your Mother is BEAUTIFUL and a fabulous addition to your video.  Now, we see where you get your handsome looks.  Do more ocean ventures:  cruises et al.
In May I'm going to take a eastbound crossing from New York to Rome on Royal Caribbean. its 15 nights at sea with ports of call in Spain, France, and northern Italy before we reach Rome.
Jealous
meat is murder
So is it pronounced as scohns or scowns
Your mum is such a good sport and an amazing camera woman! I would love to take this trip with my mum ❤
Absolutely love your travel vlogs....I have been watching for quite a while now...and i just want to know why the NASA items in every vlog...not that I care if you wear it ....just wondering why ...is there a meaning behind it and I missed it? or is it you have a paid deal with them? or you just like it? I am just curious is all!! I enjoy your travels so much!!! Thanks for sharing it with us!!
What an amazing journey!  Far too short!  Your mum looked fabulous - and you clean-up pretty good, too!  This video brought back *very* fond memories of a Mexican Riviera cruise that I took my mom on - Wow! - about 20 years ago!  I was so happy to be able to give-back to her for all that she had given to (and/or tolerated from!) me 😅  Thank you for bringing back my happy memories - and much love to your mum!
Cream before jam, obviously
Firstly what a treat and an honor for us all to share this trip with you and your mum.  I cannot help but share your channel with all my friends who enjoy travel and fine things. I am just floored by your channel and the adventures we are allowed to embark with you. Thank you!
Thanks for the add, no need to have your mum be vegan in America, i has all the meat she needs.
Scones are Jam first, topped with Cream! 😅
When I did my Hawaiian cruise we departed from Victoria BC and had 5 days of really rough seas every day. We also had to make a couple of stops mid ocean for a sick passenger. The first time we stopped so the Coast Guard could drop some medicine into the ocean and they sent a boat out to get it but the next day they had to stop again and remove him via helicopter just like they had to do on your trip. Our balcony was right under where they picked him up so we just watch from a few floors below. I felt bad for him and his family and hope they got to take another cruise.
I love that you have taken trips with both of your parents 💕
Your Mum is awesome
I've always wanted to do this. (All of it really) Thank you for posting.
Clotted cream first, of course!
Vaccination status like it's a normal category to fill in just as normal as filling in your name. It is not normal and any company that asks that can kiss my ass' that's private medical information nobody elces business if people put up with that type of shite they'll be asking for your carbon footprint in a few years.
Hi, I love your videos. Is there anyway you can show us your camera set up?😅
On ocean liners, with no port stops the crew really needs to be on their A game to entertain the passengers all day every day. Glad to see you had a great time. Cruises are a great way to travel with family since you can spend quality time with them, but also easily do your own things separately.
You are literally on the top of my favourite travel youtube channels, absolutely love the videos and the calming vibe to it.
What a wonderful trip to enjoy with your lovely mother.
Really dude, dinner on the queen Mary with your "Mum" and you can't even wear a collared shirt, jeezzz.
Like the video. Enjoy the cruise ship change up. Classy mom/happy mom.
Why do you always wear NASA tops?
Thank Trek Trendy 😊are good show about Queen Mary 2 ship ❤. I will going Queen Mary 2 ship on 2024 for holiday 😊 and make me look forward it.😊
Definitely cream first!!!
does the ship have fast wifi?
How exciting!
Always cream on scones first.
Would love to see you do a cruise ship
Loved that you brought your mum 😊
Fantastic video, looks so much fun and it was lovely to meet your Mum, must be so special spending quality time togethet
You’ve got lovely parents you’re very lucky. Great trip!
Your mom is lovely, I can tell how much you both enjoyed the cruise and each others company. Safe travels
One of your best videos yet...brilliant
Love to see you take your parents with you. Your mom is a doll. Thank you
Sweet that our lad is sailing with his mum. Good show, TT.
As a Mother of 40 and 46 year old sons, I was so happy for you to take your Mother on this trip! 👏
Your room looks about 4-5 times larger than the tiny windowless room my family and i ( 5 in total) stayed in on a week long cruise 8 years ago 😅
I have not read all the comments but I’m sure other people have mentioned that your mother is not only beautiful but very young looking. She is lovely and it was so nice to see the two of you take this trip together.
What a shame that to enjoy a trip like this, you have to inject poison into your body.  When will people wake up?
Your mom is so sweet, and so pretty too!  Glad you got this time together.
Do cruise ship have internet? And how fast is it how about phone signal ??
When you were traveling across the Atlantic, what time did you use?  London, New York, whatever timezone the ship was at currently?
You and your mom are so cute!! 😍😍😍
I was sad to see no Millie but I must say I like how your also taking your mum and dad to experience these amazing trips too and making some lifelong memories together
I really enjoyed watching this video.  I’ve always wanted to go on a cruise, but I have a severe problem with motion sickness.  😮You have a beautiful mother.  A very wonderful gift for the both of you.
NASA better be paying big endorsements
Trek cursey?
Thanks!  Something I've been wanting to see for many years!
An ocean liner crossing had been my dream since childhood. Fortunately I was able to check that off the bucket list on the QM2 maiden crossing from NYC to Southampton many years ago. Hope we can do it again sometime.
Are you just a huge fan of NASA or work for them?
Great review! I loved this! Your mum is so pretty!
My dad used to be a security director at Brooklyn cruise port, so when I was young I got to tour the ship on its turn around day
Nothing like a cruise to fix what ails you!  Pretty good room, I didn’t think the price was outrageous!  All that good food would be worth the quiet time!
was waiting for a mum swimsuit shot :/ sigh
Omg wow wow beautiful ship that I never seen thank you for sharing this with us! And your mom is a very beautiful
Yes a cruise 🎉
What is that small black box I sometimes see clipped to your shirt is videos?
Butter first, then jam or marmalade.
cream first on scones   jam first is literally criminal
I put butter on one half and jam on the other (if I don't have cream), if I have cream then cream on one half and jam on the other. I'm also very particular about my scones; I don't like normal scones because they are SOOOOO dry, so I usually only have pumpkin scones. Also FYI: I am not British, I just have a strong opinion about this!!😂😅
Whenever I think you can out do yourself, you manage to top it...excellent!~
Good boy always look after your mom
I loved seeing an ocean liner for a change, but more so, I enjoyed seeing you spend time with your mom! I hope we can continue to see her on your channel.
With your mom?
Jam then cream on my scones 😋
Will so glad you had your mom with you!!!!!!   Those are memories the 2 of you will always have!   Good Man!
For the 2 of you and seven days that is pretty good!!!!!
Couldn’t wait to watch this, you did an amazing job describing the voyage and it was an absolute pleasure to sit and the next table, share the voyage and get to know you and your wonderful mum. Great job Will.
Yet another awesome video by Trek Trendy !! I think that you should do more of these cruises. This video was very fun to watch
The top of the Wheelhouse is always the best view on a ship, that, or if you could get to the top of the Mast, that's the absolute best view ever. :)
First of all, your mum is the cutest. Love seeing you two have a great time together and this really makes makes me want to put this trip on my bucket list!
The perfect trip to take your lovely mom on, such a beautiful ship.  You are so good at what you do, she must be very proud of you. Thank you for taking us along too.  🇨🇦
I love it and glad mom had a nice time as well , cheers 👏👏
Very cool trip! Did have a laugh when I saw they serve Fosters on tap. As an Aussie, we don't even drink that. haha.
I love getting to know you and your family on these vlogs. Your beautiful Mom is so cute and fun!
Jam first then cream.
Traveling with your mother, makes me wish I could do that, and that I didn’t snore….
Jam then cream.
First off:   what a lovely lady your mum is and how wonderful that you chose to share this trip with her!   Second:   I'm totally amazed that ocean liners are still a thing, given how most people tend to fly across the Atlantic (or Pacific).   What an amazing boat!  Maybe the Queen Mary 2 is the only liner to do this?
Absolutely love this, more of these cruises please!
Yayyyyyyyyy Mom glad you are aboard.
needed this vid lets gooo
I loved your trip on the QE2 !  Just an amazing experience for you and your mom ....
Did you have breakfast in the buffet at all? If it's anything like p&o, then it beats eating breakfast in the dining room hands down.
Great change of pace from your typical stuff. Keep it coming.
Not a boat!  Ship.  🙂
Luxury? That is a myth. Done it this year. This ship should be renovated from bow to stern. What a rusty bucket. My guaranteed cabin was wheelchair accessable, the bathrom hospital-style. Buffet looked like an all you can eat place anywhere. Cunard might have been luxury. Not any more.
I just discovered this channel a week ago and have been binging the content nonstop, I love it, I feel like I can travel vicariously through you. But I still haven't gotten to the part where you talk about your fascination with NASA, what is that about?
How exciting to go from planes and trains to The Queen Mary 2! It’s a wonderful video!! And how wonderful that you could share it with your mum!!! Thanks to you both for sharing it with us as well!!
I've travelled this route several times on QM2 and love the deco interior and excellent service on board. Your video is the best I have seen as it captures what being on board is really like. Naughty of you to bottle the NY arrival and the iconic sailing past the Statue of Liberty - but it is really early and from memory b***** freezing cold on deck! Thanks.
Im from the US but i like irish butter first then jam cream is pricey
This is the only ship trip I have ever wanted to take.
Is this a great way to avoid jet lag?  Amazing trip. The journey is the holiday.
I travel on cruises with my dad, it's wonderful to spend time with your parents
Krug Grand Cuvee, and Laurent Perrier Rose Brut you have excellent taste.
Aw this is so awesome that you're with your Mom! Boy, it's a long way away from my relatives that came over on the Mayflower lol. Makes me feel sorry for them even more so. That looked like so much fun! NASA should be sending you all kinds of gear haha
I live in the City that Cunard was also born in, he's a huge figure in our part of the world. I am so happy that ships to his name still move about.
hay Trek trendy I live in Australia and am about to do the indan persific train seeing both your indan persific vidio and ghan vidio I think that you should do the great sothern owned by Journey Beyond as well with goes from Adelaide to Brisbane and back and does many stops on the way I think you should do this trip because it shows many things about the Australian history and culture thx love your vid's and hope to see you do that trip
'ere! Have you won the Pools? There has been one luxury trip after another! Keep 'em coming! I'm enjoying what I could never have in two lifetimes! 🙂
Butter first so it melts then jam
Some ten years ago, my then boyfriend and I took the QM2 from New York, really New Jersey, to South Hampton. We booked very early and my Dad got married to his third (and final) wife, so they came along for their honeymoon. This wouldn't have been unusual, but the entire ship was four-walled by RSVP Vacations, a gay travel agency. All the passengers, save my 73-year old father and his bride (who was 75, Dad had a thing for older women). They were the hit of the ship. For the formal party, the ship hosted a WWII themed costume party and we brought costumes to be a M*A*S*H  unit. When the DJ discovered my parents hadn't had a chance to dance at they reception (it was very small, just family), they invited them out on to the dance floor and played String of Pearls. Judith Light and Robert Gant showed a movie they had just finished  and Margaret Cho even made fun of them during her routine. We all had an amazing time the whole trip. My only suggest is to do what you did, which to go South Hampton to New York. One gains an hour every day that direction, giving one an extra hour of sleep each day (and one REALLY needs it).  All I can say, it when I get to heaven, I hope Cunard is running the place, because they KNOW what they are doing. A fabulous trip.
Those are biscuits. You put sausage gravy on them. xD
Special video.  Thank you for this beautiful insight to the Queen Mary 2.  Enjoyed your lovely Mum on board; you are two very gracious people.  Bon voyage!
I’m not jealous one bit. Honest. I’d love to take a trip like this with my Mum. Dad too.  Cream then jam by the way.
Mummy was looking delicious I must admit 😋
Very cool Will!  Love that you brought your Mum!!  I've enjoyed surprising my parents with little getaways like this (ok, not like the QM2) and to me, it's not about the "things" but the memories and experiences you can share!  This one is a bucket list for sure!  Were you about to hit that golf ball from the left side?  Golf doesn't like leftys....but I still try to play.  Haha.
I've been (kinda) scolded in Cornwall and (actually) scolded in London when I lived there for a couple of years but that was a long time ago.  So I'm not sure which is 'correct' but I put cream then jam and I don't bother an odd look or two when I'm in the UK.
Thanks so much. I enjoyed the video so much. You sure took it few steps up from Amtrak lol.
Not British here, but haivng done teatime more than once, I prefer cream first then jam for the scones.
omg finally a cruise vlog!!
I live in downtown Halifax and my apartment balcony is right behind the cruise ship terminal, and I see this ship docked up quite a few times so its cool to see how it is in action and inside!
🔥🔥🔥
A blade is a blade.
I watch so many cruise videos but I can’t say enough about how much I enjoyed this one with your mom. It was wonderful. I just wish it was longer. And you certainly do clean up nicely.🥰 Looking forward to some more of this type of content in the future.  You do a brilliant job.
You need to do more of these videos Will
I know now: I want and will do this - I just have to figure out if my girlfriend would be up for this experience (and cost) or if I have to convince my best friend that we're doing this (because he would be down for it, ultimately)
This boat is epic! Looks like lots of fun and very sweet of you to bring your Mum. 😍
Very cool to see u do something different and with your mom was nice to ! I myself would be really looking forward to see you and millie go on crazy high end cruise ship , I saw another guy do it and it was crazy and got like 4 million views in a week 🤷‍♂️
From Snowpiercer to 1899, perfection
You are a good son to bring your Mom on a trip!  Well done Sir.
What a sweet boy <3
I wait excitedly to live vicariously with envy for your every YouTube release. Us lounge room dreamers get a joyous peak in to the best plane, train and ship travels undertaken which help me chose ‘where to’ and ‘how to’ for our next holidays -so thank you so much. Fantastic escapism for us all , especially liked the dog show on QM2. Cheers
Lovely trip! So do you have to fly back then?
I LOVE that you took this trip with your mom! 🥰
that was sweet.
Wonderful that you took your Mum
JAM! What kind of nut puts the cream on first!   Your Mama Trendy is lovely.  I want to do the crossing from Sydney to London. I think it’s something like 7 weeks and 2 million dollars. Might have to postpone that till after Christmas 😜
JAM! What kind of nut puts the cream on first!   Your Mama Trendy is lovely.  I want to do the crossing from Sydney to London. I think it’s something like 7 weeks and 2 million dollars. Might have to postpone that till after Christmas 😜
Vaccination status. Kiss my ass
I been watching this channel for about a year now. can't even relate to all this fancy stuff in all the videos. Good for you however I'm out.
What a nice son to treat your mother to a lovely trip....I live near Huntsville, AL and I always enjoy seeing your NASA accessories.
You should do something in Montenegro, seems random but I went to kotor and it was unbelievable
I’m actually from Southampton and i live about 5 minutes away from the cruise terminal! we always hear the boat horns! I remember seeing this ship a couple of weeks ago and pointing it out to my boyfriend on our way into town! also fun Southampton trivia, the tall buildings you can see in the shot with the train in the beginning are called Redbridge Towers (the closest one to the train) and Millbrook Towers (the further one away) ❤
As a man as much as I would love to travel as a job, I feel like never experiencing what it's like to work for a living would cause me to grow love handles and a vagina. I swear all he consumes is champagne and caviar.
Now I know where to take my ship obsessed friend!
Awesome of you to take your mom. She’s lovely.
Incredible journey! Is there a casino on the ship? I’m guessing no.
If Cunard are calling your room a 'suite' I would hate to think what their standard cabins look like. Great review though, as always!
Your mum is so cute!! It looks like she really enjoyed the trip with you. Cherish these moments!
Your mum just oozes class mate, can see where you get it from
I'm going to be at the QM2 in August 2023, did u see the cabins of deck 12??? I can't wait! Love ur account by the way!
I bet this wasn't cheap!
Do you notice the motion and suffer from sickness at all?
I don’t think I’ve ever seen “includes paid promotion” through an entire video before. Glitch?
Your first ship adventure video! So fun!
I would love to take my mom on a trip like this!
Thank you, thank you, thank you. I want to take my parents this spring on the exact same cruise and this was wonderful!
I very much like watching your trips. Really looks good, may have try myself. As a fellow person from England, u have to always put cream on first then jam on a scone
Spread the jam on the scone first then pile the cream on top.
This becoming a family affair.. Dad, girlfriend, now mom...
She looks pretty young to be your mom
The only thing I would’ve changed in this video is the ship progress bar 19:16 It really needs to be going from the right (east) to the left (west) the direction of travel. Other than that I’m looking forward to the next video.
I love that they allow dogs
Yeah... not for me. I get claustrofobo...
Love seeing mom’s vegetarian food choices!  Yum!  Lovely to see you honor her and enjoy this special trip together.
@ 17:00 "Doesn't mum look lovely this evening?" 1000% YES!
So afraid of flying over seas and Cruises.  Hopefully I get over this fear.
Truly an amazing ship and trip.  I would definitely want to do this crossing .  Thank you for sharing your experience. 👍🙏🙋‍♂️
No Jam first
Cream first the Cornwall way
Always wondered about the queen mary
i have seen this ship made a stop in my state in the US
That depends on the type of biscut typically with overly dry I will put butter first, then jam. Then also what jams are available and what is their sweetness level or consistency for the bread type.
Love your luxury train and first class flight videos - though both pretty much out of my financial range. It was something refreshingly new to see your new video today with a cruise review. That's more my topic. :-) Love sailing with Ponant. They have small ships with - depending on the ships model - have 180 to 250 max passengers max. So, they can go to places where the big ships can't go. For example when it says on a Ponant cruise itinerary "London" it actually means London Tower Bridge Port and not Southampton = 2 1/2 hours away by train. Would be great seeing you doing a video on one of their ships - or any other luxury cruise line. 1/4 of the Ponant cruises are without any surcharge for solo use of a cabin. On top of that you can save 500,- € of your first Ponant cruise with their referral program, if you know someone who has sailed with them before. If not, feel free to contact me and I can arrange that for you or anyone else interested in going on a luxury Ponant cruise. They currently even have a 10% off Christmas Deal going on for bookings made before January 7th 2023. So much variety out there. Cunard is rather very formal. Other cruise lines have similar high end service but are much more casual or "relaxed". Hope you'll be able to show more cruise content to your followers in the future. :-)
I think it’s so wonderful that you took you took your mother on the voyage. Your a good son
I recommend the Celebrity Edge class ship. Very modern and has amazing features and areas that are free of charge. There are also suits if you feel like spending more money
Jam then cream on scones
I have crossed on The Q M 2  three times , I am still trying to find the luxury on The Q M 2 .The QM 2 is way more run down , now and has been  not kept up since I was on it last .
Good thing moms can forgive most anything of their sons! Like using our razor for your beard! 😂
Nice to see you treating your family to some experiences :)  mum !  I think I would choose the Queen Mary so long as they had nice  vegan meal options   Nothing boring and nothing that I would serve to my nieces pet bunny  👀 lol
To see with ur mom. How much cost
May I ask how to view was from the sky at night? Must’ve been beautiful to see all those stars
You and your Mama are adorable!!! Fantastic video!! THANK YOU!!
Butter, jam, cream 😊
wow what an amazing adventure! what song is at 8:30?  Thx!
THEY HAVE A SHIP FOR THIS?! Dude!!! That is crazy. I never knew that!! 😮
Another great video, love the quality.
I like your accent.
Enjoyed seeing a video aboard a ship! Hope you do more of these. You should check out Star Clippers and/or Sea Cloud lines. It's a VERY different cruising experience, these are clipper ships, which are much smaller and more like an actual boat, as opposed to a floating resort.
I really wish I could take this trip but I get sea sick really easy.
Looks like you were the youngest on board
You are so sweet to take your mum with you. You do have some beautiful ladies in your life. Thank you for bringing us along.
No wonder your channel is exploding- your story telling ability from that unique lens you bring is simply amazing. Great job once again and proves the versatility of your excursions, talent and approach which is top notch indeed.
Cream comes first on a cream tea. Though I wont be upset if it's the other way round. I love that you took your mum on a luxury trip. She seems sweet, and she deserves it I'm sure.
Amazing trip!!  Enjoy watching your train journey’s!!  This was a surprising new addition!!
It gives me titanic vibe
Thank you so mcuh for this video. As a child my family were sent across the Atlantic with Cunard to Canada 3 times as that was how the RCAF transport personnel back then. It's a shame you left in England in the night as I loved watching the coast slip by. Course our cabins were much different and below deck. As for gales, we hit the tail end of a hurricane on one of our crossings. My Dad and I were fine but my Mum and brother were sea sick. Makes you realize why everything is nailed down. Will now share this vid with my brother. Cheers!
Nice that you gave your mum a trip to remember. What a good son!
One thing I love about your channel is how you mix it up with stuff like this instead of exclusively focusing on flight reviews (which are also great of course)
What a lovely lady your mom is❤
I look forward to the channel a decade or two from now when trek trendy is off to the moon base. Well by then he will have done every plane, train and shipping route known to man.
Lifts dude, you aren't American 🙃
A male razor is more manly than a female razor? Projecting thinking people care to notice
Whoa... look at all the blue hairs...
Just a filming tip….. when using your selfie mode with your pole, put something else in your hand like a coffee cup or bag so it gives a reason for your hand to be raised and doesn’t give it away that you’re filming yourself.
Such a great trip. And wonderful that you took your mom along.
Fantastic video!  WOW!  It's done its job... now I want to go!
Classy Mum and it was nice to finally have her aboard.  Fun watch
Scone? Both jam and clotted cream, like the queen.
So sweet of you to bring your mom and share such a great experience together!
I like your videos....smile...But, 😀are the short tight jackets a new style?
That ship is incredible. Going back to the days of ships like the Titanic and the Queens.
BYOB to dinner is such an ugly American thing to do. I didn't expect it of a proper Brit.
Thank You. What a delight. You've surpassed yourself. Your mum is nice, you look like your mum. You looked very handsome in your tie & suit, with the mask.  Scones, I like to spread the jam on first, then add a big dollop of cream.  I really enjoyed this. Nice meeting your parents.
Jam and then cream!😄🎉🇬🇧🎶 I love your videos! Please keep them up!
Brilliant  video and u r ur mums double
What an amazing trip! How cool to have your mom there! Mine woulda loved that trip
You certainly have found yourself a nice litte job mate.
Wonderful trip! Your mum must be so proud of you 💖
I see you holding what I thought was a selfie stick but there is no actual stick. What kind of sorcery is this????
What a nice way to travel. While I would never take a normal cruise ship, this one looks quite lovely.
Spending Time with You Mom Priceless!!
Fantastic video! Really enjoyed the cruise version.
I have always wondered why you use Americanisms in your voiceover?
Glad to see you traveling by sea now too!
Jam first…love the video as always.
Really enjoyed you showing something different and would welcome more ship-based content. A mini-series on an Antarctic cruise would be great!  QM2 is not looking her best inside or out. I'm sure the pandemic will have paused a lot of their maintenance and they'll still be in money-saving mode, but the condition isn't what you'd expect from such an experience.
So, who's got a new Insta360 X3 then? ;@) I'm still looking at one myself. Good to see one used in anger and you got some great angles with it. Fantastic production as always thanks Will, and while I'd love to sail to the US, I think I'd rather something a bit more low key like a DFDS ferry!
Great video, so interesting 😊
Love the channel but all we are watching is eating every two mins. Getting Abit tedious. Would love to learn more about the ship.
I went on the QE2 IN the 70s to New York. Wonderful experience
unreal video, was looking for this one for a while after I saw it on your instagram will! Did you do the drone shots yourself while the ship was sailing? pretty impressive
Nice trip! Loved the Tea and the look at the Ship's Library! Hope you liked New York! Greetings from Brooklyn! 👋🏽🌆
🛳dont you look HAPPY & HEALTHY ==MR TRENDY ==you have a great mum ,who cares about you MY ,MY DONT YOU SCUB UP WELL mr trendy =kind regards elizabeth nz , happy traveler xox🚢
Where is the grow pot with kale growing in it for the Texas dogs?  My pups have never seen a fire hydrate...but they sure do go after my grow pots. Lol
I’d rather fly on an airplane: it’s cheaper, faster and safer!
Omg! This is my favorite video of all of yours! Been waiting for this video for so long. Queen Mary 2 is a legend and I love that ship very much. The French Maritime museum back in 2002 had an exhibit about the ship before it went into service.
Thank u for sharing it looks amazing on board the QE2 lovely to see u took ur mum with u u both look like u had a wonderful time
I have always wanted to go on the Queen Mary 2 because of the planetarium and the library.  But watching this video is the closest I'll ever get to that experience and I REALLY enjoyed it! I am so thankful for the wonderful relationship you have with your mum as we should ALWAYS treasure our mother's, and it did pull on my heart strings watching the 2 of you together like that, just enjoying each other's company! My mother passed of cancer almost 20 years ago and she wasn't well in the 5 years or so before that but I would take my mum with me on a trans Atlantic crossing like that if she were alive now, in a heartbeat! I very much enjoy all your travels Will as you take me places that I would otherwise never see or go to. I hope that you, Milly and your entire extended family has a wonderful,  healthy and happy Christmas and I can't wait to see where 2023 takes you. I'll be following along! From country NSW, Australia.
👍💐🎉🇨🇦
What kind of camera are you using on this trip?
I don't wish to nitpick but Princess' Grill isn't quite First Class, that's Queen's. It looked like you were out on the balcony filming the helicoptopter pick up? They were VERY specific that we weren't allowed on the balcony during the medical evac during our cruise in October due to the safety risks involved.
Jam
It's lovely view to see your quality time with your mom. I wish for her health. Good job bro 😎
What a lovely experience for you both !
I’ve been on a few cruises, this is one I’d love to go on. Thank you young Will. You have a gorgeous looking Mum. Happy Christmas to you and Milly and your family. Safe travels. I look forward to your next video. 💐
wow so nice
I love that you took your mum! The ending where you are in New York was just a ❤ moment
We love the lovely Millie but it was so nice to see you with your Mom. ❤
bro you missed the most iconic shot of the statue of liberty ! you need to do it all over again  lol
Memories to treasure for life. Yes you travel alot, bit I'm so jealous I can't afford to treat my mum to an Atlantic cruise, or my dad to cross country train ride. You have it made Will, treasure these moments
Love this video and the drone footage. Cream then jam of course 😂. Although it looks like a great trip and the best thing being that you can take your pet, I did find the that the ship looked a little tired in a couple of the areas. The ships we have experienced are newer so perhaps that’s why. Your mum is so lovely by the way 😊 and it was really nice to see you spend quality time together. Can’t wait for more videos to come!
A chance for me to show off my golf skills..... let's not.   Hilarious 😂
Thanks for taking your mum (and us a bit) on this marvelous trip ♥
Trek... You need to fully understand what's going on here. You just took your Beautiful Mum on a Cunard Cruise.  First Class/Princess Class, all the way...  You Sir, are an inspiration to Gentlemen everywhere! You are doing it right! Kudos to you Sir, and your Beautiful Mum.  This episode was Pure Class!   I enjoyed everything about it, and imagined your Mum for my Mom.... I wish I could have done this for mine. So very beautiful!   Thank You for posting this up!
What a great time! Your Mum is a peach!! ❤️
I’ve been looking forward to this since you posted it on Instagram!  So happy you and your mother had a wonderful experience.  The QM2 has long been a bucket list item for me (almost had a double transatlantic on it a few years ago, but sadly my documentation wasn’t quite in order)
Aww, you brought your mum, that's sweet. ❤️ I'm thinking if you were travelling solo you might have explored more of the other suites/cabins and their prices? Not a complaint! It was good to get a vlogsworth of your experience,  tfs! ⭐️🎄❄️
Such a nice thing to be able to do with your mum
Very beautiful  and lovely  your journey, I love ❤ it
Amazing filming ! I would love to travel one day on Queen Mary 2. 🙂
Jam binds better. So I put Jam on my scones, then the cream.
Vaccination record, so anyone from a country or provider that doesn't document what you've had is excluded. From what's shown this is for super privileged rich people anyway. What are they afraid of, the vaccinated getting sick?
This is an amazing presentation and definitely jam first here in Australia.
I loved the ocean liner vibe. A ghosted whisper of the victorian/guided age
That's right! You treated Dad, so you must treat Mom, too! You're a good son!
Your mom is gorgeous and a red hot Milf.  She looked fabulous in her ball gown.  We need to see more of her.
I feel very strongly that jam comes first.
I did the reverse journey a few Years ago. Was amazing. I thought it’d be boring to be on 7 days and no stops but it was brilliant. Good memories. Love the videos!!
I love private internet access because its on the public internet but its private and its got the same initials as PIA the Flag carrier of Pakistan. True story
That ship is too dated to be paying that much money. It's not as luxurious as I thought. I would never pay even close to what you paid.
Very nice video as usual. However if you ever do another 7 day trip on a ship, I feel like you can get more out of it, make it a few vids. Would have love to see more of the ship and what it has to offer. Again love the vid as usual, nothing wrong with it ;-)
Brilliant TT… but keep that DJ on until the meal is over next time!
Haha, the literal meaning of POSH here :)
Love h ship.  She needs a bit of a facelift
Great video x
I still don't understand the whole NASA bit.
Hang on, YOU DIDN’T FIND THE HIDDEN HOMER SIMPSON. (He’s hidden on a piece of art onboard). You’ll have to go back and do it again. 😂❤️
It's December 2022 and you still need to get a negative C test and proof of a vaccination, a vaccination that's so obsolete and dangerous countries are limiting its use. Oh right USA is still requiring this .... but Biden said the pandemic was over months ago...what's going on?
What a nice treat for your mum!
Think its mint that your involving your family in these wonderful trips...not only they show us what its like to travel .. but also the memories your making you will Gerrish ..Keep up the brilliant vids
This actually made me quite emotional. I'm so delighted that you enjoyed that trip with your lovely Mum. Such a great thing to do with her and I'm sure she had a whale of a time. You only have one Mum. I lost my Mum nearly five years ago now, and did quite a few trips like this with her and my Dad, so this brought back memories. Love the channel too. Thank you for sharing this trip with us.
You inspire me Trek Trendy
I think Cunard needs to hire a salty old man to stand watch on the bow and muse about the ship being tracked by German U Boats.
Ooh mum is so lovely!
The original queen marry is one of the most haunted places on earth
There is only one way to do a scone correctly. Scone > Cream > Jam. There are literal culinary reasons for this so yeah, correct vs incorrect :DDD
Such amazing shots - it's like a selfie stick but there's no handle? Dunno how you do it but that and the drone shots are unreal. Such good videography 🤌
Jam first, then cream.
Did you have a drone, or a selfie stick that disappears? Cool shots this go!
Next level camerawork Will. More boats and trains!
Did they remove the casino? Surprised you didn’t include it
Amazing! You favor your Mum
Another great video, well done Trek and mum! 👏👏👏👏👏👏
I’ve always wanted to travel on Cunard’s best queen a journey from a bygone era
YES! I’ve been on 49 cruises, and QM2 has the most confusing layout I’ve ever encountered. 😂😂
Oooo la la that suite! I’m usually in the inside cabins so it’s nice to see this side. 😅❤️
The ONLY way to cross the Pond.   As a non flyer but as good for those that do  with no luggage restrictions.
No better way to get to NYC - actually really well priced given the fact its a weeks full board holiday in itself
That must have been quite an experience. Thank you for sharing. Per your question, most definitely cream first then jam.
What appeals to me most about traveling by train or boat, Like you have is the visceral experience and the connection to your surroundings as opposed to a plane where we are so isolated from our surroundings
Thank you for filming this, I have always wondered what it is like!  Looks like it is fun!
My dream is to die in the sinking of a luxurious ocean liner. Imagine my bitter disappointment when my transatlantic crossing aboard Queen Mary 2 turned out to be completely uneventful.
YESSS!!! I’ve been waiting soooo long for a video like this. I sailed on QM2 last year but not transatlantic yet. Incredible. 👏🏼👏🏼
This is nice, I won't be taking this trip so loving the armchair traveling.
Room service is included?!??!! noiccceee.
Now that mask reminds me of Heung Min Son
You favor your mum! What a lovely experience to share with her!
Thank you for sharing  your trip .  This is the first time I have seen the Queen Mary 2 experience.
You could leave the bottle in the cabin and suspend a teaspoon on the neck of the bottle. It keeps the bubbles and works!
Best one yet, more so as I used to be a chef onboard and I must say I do strangely miss it.  She is such an elegant ship and it was great to see you take your mum, I was expecting Milly at the door.  Did you know that the propeller blades at the front of the ship are actually spares and not just for show.  Keep up the amazing work and fantastic videos.   PS being Cornish is definitely jam first on your scone.
6k isn't actually that bad a price for 2 people for a decent level suite onboard the ship. Honestly, the ones I keep seeing, for a comparable length, are basically 6k PER PERSON not for 2 people. 3k-ish per person isn't so bad for a nice quality 7-day cruise.
This was a wonderful video... well done!
What a way to wake up Trek Trendy videos
Loved your mum. What a nice lady!
I do jam then cream on my scones
Lovely timing
Absolutely Wonderful 😍 The best video of this chanel 👍🏻👍🏻🍀
I was on that boat when it was docked in Cape Town  South Africa a few years ago. It was so huge that I can't even describe it😭😵
You took a cruise!!! How fun. With your Mom! How cool is that?!  Sorry for the enthusiasm. I just think this is very cool, and amazing to have that time with your mum. ❤️❤️ Excellent video!
watch out you dont get rob mugs or a pick pocket take your wallet
I’m the kind of boy that puts my cream before my jelly jam mr trendy
this guy surprises me every time! keep up the great content.
Props for taking your mom on this trip!
For one who doesn't know, what is the reason that you have so much Nasa merchandise? I'm just curious nothing else. Love the vids so much 😁😁
You are so skilled at reviewing these luxury trips without sounding smug!  Such a skill!  You recognise that people will be accessing things at different levels.  Really appreciate being able to vicariously take these trips through your fantastic reviews and to experience things that in reality, I will never be able to afford.  I love your down-to-earth, pragmatic commentary - really excellent and gives such a great feel for the experience.  Thank you.
There are a lot of YouTubers who cover traveling by cruise ship but this is very cool seeing a trip across the Atlantic on the Queen Mary 2.  Bravo Trek, this is very cool!
is it just me or is your live audio muffled throughout the video? you use Rode?
Ahaha bro not sure if you noticed but you apparently had a Cheery tomatoe soup as apposed to cherry 🤣  cracked me up!
How fun ad you got to spend quality time with your Mom. It is a great bonus. :)
Great trip with your mom....wonderful just wonderful
It is so nice that you took your Mom! She is lovely! Great video! ❤️
I put jam then cream
For a moment there I was super excited to find that I could take my dog with me to NewYork, until I realised he would have to stay in kennels on board and I could only spend time with him 4 times a day! Maybe they should make dog friendly cabins available?
FACT- jam then cream.
Trek trendy on a ship GET IN….
Jam then cream.....
Hi Mum!
This is the proper way to start a multi week long vacation in  Europe.
Cunard, hmm did I hear Titanic? Don't worry, this ship have at least more lifeboats...
Mmmmooooooorrrrrreeeeeee
$5,000 for 7 nights for 2 isn’t bad, especially when compared to some of those train prices!
#jam
Excellent video
I saw the ship while working in Quebec City, Canada. The sight was really impressive.
16:50 looking Better than Charles iii and Camilla
Just wow.
HI MR. TREK TRENDY,, WILLIAM DAVIS ,, CHEERS, MOM.. WHAT A WONDERFUL START TO SEE THE GREAT SHIP THE QUEEN MARY 2 AND TAKE A WONDERFUL CRUISE I CANT WAIT,,I ALWAYS WANTED TO SEE THIS SHIP INSIDE AND OUT,,.  YES , WILLIAM IF YOU GET A CHANCE PLEASE DO COME TO LONG BEACH CA. TO SEE THE GREAT OLD SHIP WE HAVE HERE THE QUEEN MARY FROM THE 1930S SHE SHOULD BE OPENING SOON WITH NEW REPAIRS.. THE QUEEN MARY IS A ENGLISH GIRL THAT WE ARE LUCKY TO HAVE SINCE 1967 WHEN LONG BEACH BOUGHT HER FOR THE PEOPLE IN CA. ,,ON WITH YOUR GREAT VIDEO!!!!!!! GREAT VIDEO WILLIAM AND MOM I AM GLAD YOU BOTH HAD A GREAT TIME I KNOW I DID JUST WATCHING WISHING I WAS THERE .. THE FOOD LOOKED SO GREAT THE ENTERTAINMENT WAS WONDERFUL.. THE SEA WITH THE LARGE WAVES CAN COME AT ANY TIME. WITH THE FIRST GREAT QUEEN MARY SORRY TO SAY SHE DID HAVE PROUBLEMS AT SEA AT TIMES AND SHE WAS CALLED THE ROLLING MARY BUT THEY DID DO REPAIRS TO FIX THAT PROBLEM.. THANKS AGAIN WILLIAM ,, GREAT VIDEO!! CHEERS TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY,, THIS HOILDAY SEASON......
Brought your mum! Brilliant!!
Anyone know where I can book this trip?
Hi Will and Mum!  Will, a crossing on the Queen Mary 2 is at the top of my bucket list. Thank you for the best vlog I’ve seen of the ship. Thanks for bringing us along on this adventure!!!
Oh I'm glad you got to experience this with your mom. Like I said when you traveled with your dad, these experiences with our parents are ....priceless  #perfect
Invisible selfie stick? How DO you do that?
Did you find Homer Simpson on QM2?
IMO your POV like climbing would be more impactful if you used your POV not the camera look forward VPN's are a scam they slow your connection and are only useful for criminals
Can you not do your bow tie correct???? Wow
You must be damn bored to go and see people getting photos taken of their dogs. The food looks like cheap diner fare.
Jam then cream, no debate.
Scones, jam then cream.  I'm from NZ.
So great you did this trip with your mum.
Will has some/You have some lovely followers, they love him/you but maybe even more love to see a guest in the lovely Millie or Mum or Dad. Ps. Even though Will doesn't follow Football, loved the caption 'Trektrendy Mum!' Very Sky Sports-esque!
14:51 that waiter is an absolute chad :D
Some of those shots look like drone shots with a remote control in your hand. But you couldn’t  be flying a drone on a a ship right? So how did you film those shots?
Really appreciated the video. Great insights and it‘s made me keen
Your mum is a stunning lady 😊 cherish every moment with her. Thanks for sharing this incredible adventure 🙏
Thank you for saying food and tea are 'included in the rate' instead of 'free' or 'complimentary.'  Very different things!  Your videos are great!  Oooooof, that Grill hot tub is looking rough.  Glad you're having so much fun with mom!
Thank you for posting.  I want to travel on the Queen Mary 2.  Your post was good advertising.
Hi Will can you tell me what camera  you were using to get the great shots please. Another great video made even better by the camera work 👍🎥
Dam that was quick only suggested it a week ago. 😁
It's just a cookery program you need to show the cruise not just full your fat face every trip with subscribers money
An amazing trip, and what a wonderful way to spend quality time with your mum, incredible memories.
what about dad
I think you would get a better shave with a double edged razor. The German branded ones are the best, and they last longer.
pathetic the USA is still only allowed vaxxed in
Sorry to nerd out BUT OMG I WAS SO OBSESSED WITH THIS SHIP AT ONE POINT AND WOULD LOVE GO GO ON IT JUST ONCE AND CAN YOU BELIEVE ITS ALMOST 30 YEARS OLD!
I love your Mums style of clothes and she beautiful!
I still dont understand how this guy finds Times Square totaly empty
Great video,  she is adorable.  Thanks for sharing,  great job
I loved cruising (at least pre-Covid). What a trip for you and Mom.  I never did a trip on the QE2.  I, too, have been on a trip that had a helicopter medical rescue, but it was a crew member, not a guest.  Oh yes, and jam first.
What a wonderful adventure!  And so nice to share it with your mum.  I actually thought the price was quite reasonable.  Thanks for sharing.
Sounds great but single supplement would  be  the killer  . Sadly.
I find it ridiculous the staff are all masked up 😷
I wouldn't mind going on this trip with your Mum.
Awww geez Wills 🤓. Your Mum is lovely. 😉. What a special time and privilege for you both to spend 7 days away from the stresses of the everyday world.  Trust me, in future “dark days of life” you will draw upon this time to brighten your spirits.  Well done! 😉👍🏻
Weather looks great for the trip.  How are you getting the distance shots of you an your Mom at the rail? I can see something in your hand but don't know what it is controlling. thanks
My late father in law came to the US on a ship, and he always told us about how memorable it was to pass under the Verrazano bridge  - even more memorable than seeing the Statue of Liberty. He lived the rest of his life and raised his family on Long Island, and every time we would cross that bridge (and even now that he’s gone), we think of his arrival in New York all those years ago.  Thank you for sharing your journey. We have enjoyed following your travels so much and always learn a lot from your videos.
What a gentleman, your mom is beautiful. Thank you for sharing.
Great to meet you both on the voyage, your mum is a right cheeky rascal ☺️
This has been a dream trip for me since I was a kid. It’s just so classic, and I love stuff like that. Give me some history with my luxury and I’ll never forget it!
I really like this video
Love your journey with your Mom.
Jam first.  Wars have been fought over less.
Typical Brit…the cheesecake is not to his liking…nice t shirt
Hello mate. Long time viewer, although never commented before. I'm so happy to see you do this. I'm not one that flies often, let alone in first class like you do. But this.. this is how I travel. I love this ship and everything she offers, and I'm so happy that you had a memorable experience. Looking forward to my 3 week Caribbean trip on her next week!   PS: Would highly recommend the Queens Grill if you do this again. I'm sure you'd get along greatly with your butler ;)
Was wondering when would Trek Trendy explore the worlds last remaining ocean liner the QM2, what a memorable experience you must have given to your mother :)
This guy is living life to he fullest and may he keep living it like that
Is the £5k per person? is that all-inclusive
I wish you'd kept your dinner jacket on in the restaurant.
Scones with butter first and then jelly
*Glad to see you took your mum with you on this Luxury Ship* !! *Thank you for taking us with you on the QM2* !! *Wonderful travel video* !! #TrekTrendy
Awesome, spectacular and amazing ❤❤❤
Oh my goodness, look at your sweet mum! ❤
You should know you always go for cheese before desert anyhow 🙃
Ah what a great start to the week with another fantastic review from you :D
5K = then 1K Flights home - Looks awesome but defo for the older generation this one.
Vaccination certification for what? my god.
I'm wondering if there is a place that you haven't been to yet :D
I am rather shocked at the state of the ship - rust stains on the bow, the jacuzzi is in rough shape, and other areas just seem run down. Seems a little shabby to me and rather sad.
That had to be a wonderful trip for you and your mom.
It was heart warming  clip that you were with your mom . Making mom happy . Love you both . Long live 👍❤
Great videos, what’s the connection to nasa?
How lovely that you treated your mother to such a luxury trip. I really envy you as my only voyage was across the Pacific in a troop ship courtesy of US Air Force 72 years ago (5 y/o)  It would be interesting if you would check out some of the smaller vessels such as Windstar or Quasar which is specialist in Galapagos Island cruises. Being able to go to some places that the massive ships can't seems like fun.
It's refreshing to see a son really love and really appreciate his Mom. Great vid.
I like cream then jam on top of my scones 👍
I love your mum ❤️ it looks just amazing
Your mum is so very lovely and I see having met your dad, now your mum, you look like mum. It would be fabulous having another cruise with mum, dad AND Millie. How much fun would that be? I used to dream of taking a cruise, after my husband passed that dream lost my interest. This was so luxurious and my pet's allowed (never even imagined) I feel I'll be again of dreaming. Only now unattainable. I love the food choices for a change lol. I have to say this is my second favorite segment from you Will. I am curious, what does the NASA represent to you? I noticed you're very keen on them. Perhaps I missed that since I'm a newer devoted follower. Thank you for bringing unattainable adventures to those of us who can only dream and wish. Having you show us and enjoying yourself is the next best thing.
I’m from Devon so it’s cream then jam
There’s no difference between male and female razors. It’s a razor. They just jack the price up on female razors because they judge women as “dumb” and “emotional consumers.” So there’s THAT.
Your mum is lovely.
you should do a titanic moment with milly 😂 minus the sinking
One of your best videos 👍
Danke!
I seen queen Mary 2 and thought is trek trendy now a ghost hunter??? Lol
Amazing video Will. Never take for granted quality time spent with your mom. I used to cruise all the time with my mom but she’s been gone for 28 years. This is probably my favorite video you’ve ever done. Your channel has evolved from planes to trains to ships. Congratulations!❤️🛳️✈️
That looked completely amazing & it was so nice of you to take your mum.
Vaccination and covid test are required? PASS.
I don't eat scones.  I would love this trip - as I'm a huge fanatic of the Titanic.
Love from, Leeds. West Yorkshire.
Much more interesting than plane videos. Try to do more 👍
been watching videos from a year to 2 years ago, this is the 1st recent upload i have caught :) only 45 mins since publication
Jam then cream on my scone as I'm from Devon UK where clotted cream is made 😋
Thbe way you handle silverware would have had me excused from the table by my father.
Did he call the QE2 a boat? Keelhaul him! Twice!
You got a new girlfriend?
My Aunt sailed the QM2 in the 1990s. Before hand, she shopped for more formal dresses. As a young person, I couldn't understand why her church dresses weren't fancy enough. Now I know.
Always a breath of fresh air air, well done mate!
I like putting butter on my biscuits first. *Laughs in American*
Honestly adore this channel, so relaxing and just interesting. I can’t afford to do any of this, so this is a great way to see what it’s like, thanks lad
Thank you so much for taking me on such a fabulous trip. I had a lovely time ❤️
WOOO CRUISE SHIPS more of this pleaseed
Really enjoyed watching this 1am in bed with the lights off..felt like I was there 👍
What a classis way to travel, I had completely forgot about them as a way to see the world, good on you for taking your Mum along, she seemed very happy.
I did the trip on the original Queen Mary in 1961 when we immigrated to America. We traveled in tourist class which was segregated from first class areas. 30 years later I got to see how the other half traveled as I stayed at the Queen Mary Hotel in Long Beach in a first class room. Would love to do a crossing on the QE2
36 min since upload
Wish i could have taken my late mum on a journey like that , she would have loved it . Your mum seems lovely , you only have one so make the most of it . great vid would be fun doing the crossing staying in the U.S. then coming back again all in style. Got too have some nasa in it ,lol.
I will say this was a phenomenal video! I hope you enjoyed,  the suite alone was an apartment in Cleveland. Can't wait for the next adventure! Happy Holidays!
I love this but i don’t think I would handle boats especially during the stormy weathers
My grandfather worked for Cunard and was basically the 3rd officer. He served on Queen Mary 1 and Queen Elizabeth 1
This is so crazy, I was just watching a series of your train videos last night and said to myself “I can’t wait for him to start doing ships” 😄😄😄 and lookey here, it’s a Christmas miracle! 😂 Happy Holidays to you and your Mum, Cheers 🥂
Was waiting for a cruise ship travel vlog. Thankyou for this. Thankyou.
I'm so happy that you had a wonderful trip with your mum. Treasure those moments, Will. I lost my mum when I was 18 and I would love to have been able to take her on a trip like that. Well done for creating those special memories with your lovely mum. May there be many more for you.
this saves my sunday.
Good man 👍
How absolutely sweet! Traveling with your dear mama. And such a journey. Thank you. 💗
Damn!  You lost me at "you can bring your dog" (oh, they're segregated, okay then).  And looks really fun with my fellow white haired comrades.
Brill loved the fact u took ur mum and the trip something i want to do now thank you
So glad to see this. I have always been interested in the Atlantic crossings. And what an added treat to see your mom accompany you. She is lovely!
A wonderful trip with Mom, i also wanna go for a trip with my mom cause she really love to 🤗🤍🥰
Happy Holidays Trendy!  Can’t wait for your first class (frost class?) trip to the North Pole to sample Santa’s caviar and judge the quality of his beef (possibly reindeer)   - Ken from Canada
Jacuzzi needs a clean
I live in Devon where the rule is cream first.on your scone, then the jam.  However, as a clotted cream lover, if you do it the Cornish way with the jam first then cream, you get lots more cream!!!!
Love that you took your Mum, I'm only a bit into the video, but loving it, awesome work once again Sir, great to see you on a liner!
This tugged at my heartstrings! I'm sure many of us would love to take a trip like this with our moms, and I'm so happy to see what a wonderful time she had. Cheers to mom!
You lucky guy! It is my dream to travel on the QM2.
Do you have to be vaccinated to travel by ship from London to New york?
I love this! Especially when you bring family members!
This is an amazing Christmas Present. Thanks Will for the great content!
As a child I was on this ship and did a school report of it in fifth grade in around 2003/2004 ish. Got to see all the cool parts like the engine room and the captains quarters!  Super cool to see it still in service! Was a blast! I was just old enough to have my own keycard and enough freedom from my parents but young enough that I could pretty much go where ever and not get in trouble haha.
I actually squealed when I saw a new video had been posted! What a treat! Your Mom is lovely.  What a wonderful bonding time for you both. You definitely resemble your Mom.  I hope you both had a wonderful time!  Thank you so much for sharing it 😊
What a lovely mother💓
I LOVE TREK TRENDY
I can’t believe it! I was sailing into Southampton during the evening when we saw Queen Mary 2 departing and go past. So close!
Woohoo!! Cruise reviews!!! Merry Christmas to me : )
Babe! Come here! Trek Trendy dropped a new video 😎
It is always nice to see a good relationship between mom and son. You are a great son. Kind regards Rustenburg South Africa
Such a lad!!!!! Mum is a legend!
I can’t with the seas.
“Every night in my dreams, I see you, I feel you…” 🥲
Oh my goodness!  Your Mom is very youthful looking!  I thought it was a girlfriend.
Good thing the guest was your mom or you'd have been in the dog house for a long time. 🙂
Holiday season offer! Protect your online privacy with PIA VPN and get 82% OFF + 4 EXTRA months for free! Only using my link! www.piavpn.com/Trektrendy  Another video coming next week… aviation themed this time 🛫. Hope you liked the change in content
Hey Will, You passed by me at the grocery store in downtown Halifax N.S near the VIA Rail station this summer. By chance I discovered your channel and glad I did, have watched every episode since then. Keep up the great content!!
I never got so excited to see a video but can't wait to see the Japan sleeper trains I'm also touched that you took your mom and she enjoyed herself lots of us wish we could take a trip like that with our mom
Very good video
Love seeing a Cruise ship video on your channel. Amazing video as usual👍
Now this is something new and I am happy to see it (I wonder if luxury bus journeys exist 😜😉)
I love your train/plane treks but my preferred method is ship. Soooo glad you added this to your videos! 💙
Great video
Yay, I always look forward to your uploads, and it’s nice to watch this on a rainy Sunday afternoon!
Love that you are having a mother son trip 🥰
Excellent!!!Nice change of pace for you.
It’s Christmas two weeks early, thanks will you’re the best ! 🎉
This is worthy of a Christmas special trip
Hi
Wow this is great hello mum great video again so nice you taking your mum on a trip love that 🙏🏿
I have commented
Throwback!!!!!!!!
I was hoping for this! It's kind of logical if you do luxury travel.
Great review thank you for doing some more interesting reviews Hopefully there will be more of these ocean liner services Keep it up Will
What a beautiful trip and great memories ❤️😊🤗
Nice change of content Will 👍
I would love to do this
What a ship
I’m early
Thanks for the dopamine! and interesting change :D love it!
Saving this vid for later :)
Hi!
