I really do have the most wonderful community here on YouTube. Thank you for *getting it*. And for everyone asking where Vilk was: he was being boarded at a trusted facility! Obviously this is not the kind of adventure I can bring him on - dogs aren’t allowed on trails in National Parks in the USA, and obviously he’s still way too young to start running. Thanks for all your kind words ❤
I hope please Eva don’t quit ,I looking forward see more from you , you have good heart lady please don’t quit
Eva I have someting say to you , I really enjoy what you doing and like your videoes , I say you are a very very pretty woman   When I see you I have pain for you when you , say there was man seeking for you , I pray for you to keep going  don’t quite go for it don’t stop you beautifull lady gooooooooo don’t stop , I hope see you more
“Raise your hand if you too have been victimized by David Goggins.” *raises hand*
When your a role model you have to remember that your fans they depend on you to do the right thing to give good solid advice on how tough the journey is and when to step down when danger is to close and theres no way to get pass it so its best to go back and stay safe
Maybe you have altitude sickness girl dont take dangerous chances when your alone its not worth your life
I dont understand the struggle.  Not only did you not have enough food if you took too long, but you would have had to involve other people to come to your rescue if you couldn't make it.  Sometimes people get ill.  You were ill.  You made the right choice.
Mooi mens!❤
❤
Hi Eva, just sent you an email about a travel collaboration with Boonsiri Ferry 🌴 would love for you to check it out!
Tak já k tomu řeknu tolik. Za mě jsi úžasná, málokdo by to zvládl, takže pro mě jsi BOHYNĚ 🤗. A nechápu někoho kdo říká to musíš, nevzdávej to apod.
Childless Dog Woman.
22:30 Hypoxia / Mountain sickness
1st time I did Mount Washington I got caught in a white out and freeze.  Along  the way met up with a fairly famous mountaineer, that had just taken a wicked hard fall, as I was coming around a bend. It had been a beautiful late fall day on the way up. Then bam white out. He was scrambling down and slipped at the top of the ledge I was about to go up. Hit with a thud on his side, then popped up cursing loudly looking like Thor himself. Saw me and said "oops sorry brother" both started laughing as I asked if he was okay. He was like "uhh maybe" Truth was we were both injured, I had already taken a few good falls that only my mountain pack saved my spine on, when feet flew out forward stepping of frozen boulders, and both knees hyper extended to the side from a bunch of the same kind of slipping on iced up rocks. I asked him if I should make a dash to the last clibers hut.. he looked back up the trail, considering the idea him self out loud, looked at me and said, "it's always has to be the choice of each of us right ? , but I'm going down with equal risk at this point" gave me a hard bear paw to my shoulder a hug, and took off scrambling down the trail and disappeared into the white.  I wasn't scrambling back down and had to consider conditions and distances up or down. After a minute or two back was best..left the trail though and worked my way over to the trad ski trail, sliding down on my butt  using rain poncho like a sled, for what felt like a mile, then used the creek after the water falls , knowing it went back to pinkham notch lodge. By the time I got to the Jeep there was a foot of snow covering everything. The lodge let me know my stranger friend made it back. Got a coffee and a meal, stared quietly into the fireplace not looking around or speaking to others there, just meditating on what I just experienced. Realizing how close to being a statistic on the wall we were ...Then got up, limped out to keep barely managing stairs. Could hardly get into the jeep, body completely stiffening, stepping on the clutch made me groan, but managed to drive and stay on the mountain pass back to North Conway and my apartment on THE 3RD FLOOR! hardest climb of that day. Made a large pot of hot chocolate, and got another pot of stew warming, while the tub was filled with hot water only, and as I zoned out the window below, watching the Saco River start to rise and flow with trees floating down it. More realization I'd probably been killed if I kept going up or got incapable . Just getting boots off and undressed was slow and difficult, likely due to hypothermia . It's good that I shut off the burners to stove, cause after getting into what felt like a tub of lava, I quickly fell asleep until the water was no longer warm. But I was moving better. Ate, drank mug after mug of hot chocolate... Got in bed and only got out of it to pee for 3 days. Took weeks for my legs to heal. But I got it the following spring , trying to figure out where I was making my escape the last time.
Mountaineering vs pleasure hiking. Only run if your life depends on it, there's a danger in running on its own .
I'm sorry for being such a latecomer to your channel, As I catch up, I cannot help but admire you. If you ever find a mate, may it bring you the utmost happiness.
Eva, I think this is the Greatest Thing You've Ever Done.  Choosing "Failure" over Stupidity.  Choosing Life over Death.  Choosing THE GREATEST GOOD FOR ALL.  🔥💜🔥
About 22 minutes into it you said you were achy. I hope you stayed hydrated. I know you’re experienced, but still, it could happen very quickly to get dehydrated.
👍
I would love to attempt what you just did. Anyway, I’m in the middle of your video. You’re about 20 minutes in right now. Great job, my friend.
....there is probably some to pound of people laying in a ravien with the animals and insects feeding on them..
🤍🔥🤍
SEALs choose their life. And it is a massively hard life. One of their mottos is "The only easy day is yesterday". But they have a damn good reason for the attitude they adopt. They are literally warriors. Quitting can quite literally kill them in combat. Or their teammates. Everything rests on their refusal to quit. And although it's definitely a plus in what you do, you aren't in combat. And if you aren't physically or mentally up to it (and clearly you were not), then you have no overriding reason to take the risk. Bragging rights are nice. But you can only do what you can do. And nobody is in peak condition 100% of the time. I's much rather hear you say "I gave it my best, but I had to stop", than to hear someone giving your eulogy.
I love to watch your videos  Last 2 to 3 days i watched almost 20 tour videos of u.. Thank you 🙏🙏
Hey. Here I am, watching this two years later. I think you were meant to get sick, so you could go through the thought processes and return back to home. I hope you know that you are loved and appreciated and perfect just the way you are.  What a profound lesson, and I am privledged to have seen it too. Im sure Im being told something of value too, by watching this. Thankyou for having the courage to share this video. Good for you. Thankyou!!
Eva, my advice. Never allow others to rob you of your joy and dreams. If some crazy is stalking you get proactive. Find out who he is and file a Restraining order..get video of him. Maybe have a brother or close male stay on property with you. Get a gun. But dont allow him to drive you off your land or destroy your life and source of income. Be strong and say I'm not gonna allow it. Have cameras set up everywhere to. I'm a fighter whenever someone else disrespects my life and home.
Great video and personal growth.  We can all learn through your efforts.  Keep it up.
Ask someone informed but headache, nausea, weakness? You are sitting awfully close to that fueled flame. Could be you are getting enough carbon monoxide, ears ringing or flushed face are also indicators. Not saying that is what is going on, but all the signs point to it. Just realized this is 2 years old. That when you woke up in the morning, you lit your burner and sat almost on top of it causing a chimney effect. It would be like putting red hot coals in an enclosed space. Don't ask me how I know. (although I will tell you if it had not been for the 6 puppies acting weird I never would have made it out without them. And yes I saved them all. You know how smoke from a fire always rolls to you? That's the chimney effect. Add to it high altitude and low temps. So glad you ended the way you did.
good for you on being safe. Unless you have experienced being alone in the wilferness not seeing another human being for days you won't undetstand the phycolpgical side of this. so good for you on playing it safe.  And sorry there are these couch patatoes trolling you. Your truly an amazing individual. And love your content
I know how u feel. Ur not the only YouTuber that feels that way.  We will miss ya, but no matter what u do u will be a  success!!! Good luck to you wild woman…
I'm glad you posted a short video even though it was about a drone lol.
Eva, I know you are a vegan, but you really need to eat some meat to get the energy you need for a hike like this.  I wish you the best in your adventures.
I also saw many views of Mt. Rainer from E/W/N/South. U.S. Army Rangers used the area in patrolling exercises all seasons of the year staying out for day after day with what we could carry on our backs. Your video brought me back, as it's been 50 years since I was there. Seeing the terrain again, I could almost smell the air. Thanks Eva. I liked what you said in conclusion, you really don't have to beat yourself up! I think I'm on your side, you're a good person.
Bdw there is no shame if you quit thr running hike ..it takes more courage do that  then to fourfill the hike
just canr belive the senary or the wiev...absolutlig stunning ,greettings from norway
Hi Eva. I am a new subscriber to your channel and I have been binge watching your videos. Quick question, do you run/hike/wild camp with an emergency locator beacon?
Thank goodness you have your grandpa in spirit looking out for you always.
OMG you're so awesome love the no make-up thing, don't give up on competition with yourself.  I just couldn't ever board my dog though but understand why you must. From NH USA enjoy your video's
Much respect Eva! You are a warrior in my eyes. You made the right decision 💯%.
Eva, I've been watching your videos and what I don't understand is why do you keep on doing these? You are a very attractive person and very intelligent. Is it because Youtube and Patreon are paying you very well? Just wondering...
Seems like you needed some of that pinole, like when you ran in sandles with the women in the mountains
Amazing video, this inspires me you are tough women!
You saved yourself to fight another day. That’s NOT quitting.
In love with your underarms hairs ❤❤❤
Jesus Christ I thought I was tripping thinking the mountain in the thumbnail was Mt Rainier 😮😅 I guess I know my states mountains more than I thought 😅 On a side note, you’re incredible I love your content and you’re absolutely drop dead gorgeous 🖤 hope 2025 is treating you well so far hun
That was an extrême expérience. Respect. You made the right choice.
In fact, you only need 3 socks. 3 pieces, not 3 pairs. On the first day you put two on your legs and the third one is in reserve. On the second day you put the one that was on the right leg on the left leg, and the one from the spare on the right leg, and wash the one that was on the left leg the previous day. It dries along the way. And so it goes on... 😉
I love you Eva, you are teaching me to love myself. Thank you from a sister.
I am glad you snapped out of the want to be an overachiever. Great. I watched a few of your videos and felt you were stuck in the competitive, added on challenges. Well done Eva listening to your body and experiences
Hi my new friend if you are in Malaysia plz wellcome  and visit my home town to explore about food. 😊
Mega wartościowy film. Czasem warto siebie przycisnąć, a czasem warto odpuścić. Życie to takie balansowanie pomiędzy, taniec między wydawaniem energii, a odzyskiwaniem jej, w swoim rytmie. Pięknego życia, w zgodzie ze sobą :D
ild follow you into battle!!
What shoes do you wear?
I have heard that there is some very strange energy and ET sightings at mt Rainier.  That may be why you felt weird.  Good for you for making the call.  Yes I am so proud of you for taking care of yourself.
Not gonna lie. You are an absolute BEAST! Turning back or not, you absolute killed it MUCH more than I could have. 100% Im glad I found this channel!  Keep up the awesome work👍👍👍
Hello Eva, congratulations with your new endeavor. How exciting this must be for you. Looking forward to seeing what lies ahead.
This is called wining by losing! ❤
29:39, I heard a bird saying "Quit, quit, quit, quit." Thtis is a touching video showing a more human aspect of yourself and it's a whole lot more valuab;e than some steroid pumped navy seal pretending he is Mr. Natural when in fact he's chalkful of roids. I know it's true necause I have trained with them and of course they can outdo most other human beings on the planet, but they won't live very long or healthy lives once they are done training. It's best to know your ,imits and push them by about a fifth more than you think you can do. I used to run for the fun of it and competitively and yes, I was always first. I had that mentality where I just couldn't allow anyone to best me, but I was not taking roids. I have quit a few times, but I think I can count them on one hand. I quit smoking, I quit drinking, I quit eating meat, I quit believing in spirituality and I quit a physical fitness test for Marine Corps Recon.
Do you still  make content?
Dont ever quit  Vilk  Tell her ❤
You like so tight
Eva- you’re videos are inspirational regardless of a single setback. In this case I think you should have added not one but two extra days and forget the running- just hike. I too was a lifelong US Marine but not special forces, yes I was infantry and artillery but mostly I was a staff officer- we ride and fly more than travel by foot.   Notwithstanding this one shortcoming I enjoy watching your videos and keep planning my next trip. My trips these days are mostly on machines- sports cars, ships, helos,  truck/ RV and motorcycles. I am 68. We are in different leagues and generations too. But your hardships push me to overland it to far away places- 69 countries and counting.   You are the ONE. Keep marching, the rest will follow. 👍
And back and forth with the camera
Where’s your dog
Awesome. I saw no fail. You got back to safely by yourself. You are an amazing person. The more I watch your content the more you give me hope for H. Sapien. Inspirational.
To know your limits you have to first find them.
glad you are safe, that was altitude sickness, I'm glad you know your body and listen to your self 👍 you still did almost half of it really sick sprint for a day up hill
You can't go by what Navy Seals say or do. For them not quitting can be a matter of life or death. Not only for them individually but for those depending on what they do. Quitting is simply not an option. They have to have that attitude. Usually, the rest of us don't.
You do need bear spray. Black bears can be predatory if you get the wrong one.   Running isn't smart there, either, because it can trigger a mountain lion attack. Carry a solar power bank.
So many people have died of altitude sickness, have disappeared in these mountains,  and underestimate the altitude.  Turning around is heroic.  Taking the bare minimum isn't always the smartest thing to do in serious mountains, alone. It's better to hike and take time to acclimate.
Ewo walić tych wszystkich mędrców biegowych! Nawet Kilianów Jornetów😅Rób to co jest dobre dla ciebie, to co czujesz że jest dobre.
Glad ya posted this. Life has its wins and its losses, we usually learn more through our losses. Very important to own this fact. Good on ya!
You know sometimes these souls searching trips you people take. Do more damage than good.
You did not "give up", you just "turned back". Your proved that you are the best mate of your body. That is Wisdom!.
Well done, Eva.❤ Quitting can even be life saving! It's important to get know yourself well - so that you have the courage to say STOP - and quit.  Winners take care of themselves. You're a brave and clever winner. 💪🙂
You have a beautiful soul and I got to say your ink is lit✌
about to throw up and she still got the shots to tell the story - wow
I am so glad you published this. You should be proud of yourself.
How did you hike/un in those shoes? they don’t look like they have much support. They must be more supportive and they look. What brand are they? Do you suggest those over something else?
🤗🤗🤗
Nu e o rusine ca ai renuntat ci, o decizie inteleapta , o decizie a unui om intelept . Asta o dobandesti odata cu trecerea anilor, devii mai intelept. Bravo fata draga.
Yes. You look awfull. Quit and grow up .  A teenager at 30 is a tragedy.  Good luck  and remember life is good. Lots of good things awaiting you.
Our grade school motto was "the higher the Mountain the harder we climb❤"
you quit any time you want....but plz don't drag us alone on your crazy journey!
Thank you for your honesty!!! It takes lots of courage to be honest to yourself and to the voices in your head. You can always go back and do it when you are back on track. Your health is absolutely No 1!!!! And all that competition bla bla is for those who have no character, self belief and their need to be loved for what they achieve and not for who they are. It’s not about us what we think about you, it’s about you what you think about yourself! 👍🏼 Keep it up Eva and I wish you an amazing day 👌🏼☺️🧡
I just watched a video where she bailed on another race.  This girl sure gives up a lot.
Wise choice to stop and go back. I did not think of altitude sickness as I was thinking Rhabdomyolysis where your muscles break down and poison your body. Glad you quit and lived to take other adventures.
50000 - 800 000 y. ago people survived in the mountains without this all fancy stuff you have. Bye.
i am the bear you need🐻
me again, you are such a freee spirit
Thanks for sharing that video. You made the right decision. Pushing on to attain some goal, whatever it is, when you're solo outdoors in remote places and your body  and nature are warning you that it's going to beat the crap out of you, or maybe kill you,  is always the best  option. Then it's time to turn back, or hunker down in place if conditions aren't safe for proceeding. You're a proven adventurer but it's better to live to share your adventures and relive them in your memories.   I climbed to the top of Mount Whitney, hiked to the bottom of the Grand Canyon, explored remote parts of Baja, California, mountain skied in a whiteout blizzard, hiked the Sonora desert in summer, drove Jeeps on narrow high trails in Death Valley. I'm still here to remember those adventures because of giving up and turning back like you did.   I gave up trying to go anymore and spent the night without food or supplies in a cave between two huge  boulders on a small mountain with my college hiking buddy. Turns out we were lucky  we made that decision to give up and stay put, despite needing to be back at class Monday morning, because the "shortcut" trail we were taking in the dark led straight over a blind drop of 250 feet once you broke through the dense brush.    I once turned back at 9000 feet on Mt. San Gorgonio when my old snowshoe broke,  gave up on summiting, and after hiking down chest deep in snow and cold camping with no fire at 8000 feet where our water and boots froze, I realized that if we had made it to the top in those conditions we probably wouldn't have been able to get down off the exposed top safely.  There's no shame in admitting sometimes that you are flat out whupped and living to go adventuring another day.
"Discretion is the better part of valor."  And survival is everything.  Yours was the best decision.  Well done, Eva.
You are beautiful.
i have been following since I met you here..I've loved you for for that real persistence of yours..You are very lucky to have gone and made your content in countries where camping is possible...I envy you..A dream in my country; to have seen you do what you did is spectacular..I dream to do it here, impossible but doable..I think....I just need your bravery ang convction..Thank you..I salute for touching the real life....
Wow, congrats to you that you shared this journey with us. It is pure strength in my opinion to listen to your body when he cries at you instead of forcing something just because this is in your mind. Especially in a completely unsupported event as you did. But I do understand this difficulty pretty good as I have been trying over the last couple of years to convert strong beliefs burnt into my mind from my upbringing or from myself. I will remember your experience for my (at least I hope so) future trail runs - probably supported ones as I am not such a tough cookie ;-)
You have altitude sicknesses.  I've had it and it's fuckin miserable... I'm sorry,  that isn't fun especially that far in by yourself 😢
In Canada we only get 30 hours for 100 mile races with 7km of vertical.
It is truly not success or failure, it's the JOURNEY.... and girl! You are ever so making the most out of life's journey!
Man if you only came to Colorado...Everything about you is beautiful...What's your dog's name? I love dogs!❤❤❤
I want to live with you
Danke Eva, du bist so authentisch, mit genau dieser Entscheidung in diesem Video und das  macht einen Menschen mit Charakter aus❤
You are an amazing young woman!
Woah what a video where I can Totally relate myself into ❤
To cute, to quite now. Duplicated.
I thought we were going out. A date?
It's not quitting, it's adapting and finding a different way. No drama in that.
You have altitude sickness.
You have realized you're human! Could I give you some advice for next time? Do not make yourself run and listen to your body. You were smart to stop this time. Finish the route someday, but just walk it. It's more enjoyable and you're backtracking to retrieve the camera anyway. Your expectations will beat you up, and the last thing you need is arguments with yourself. Leave the tripod and if you don't take bear spray, take bear bells. They are light and work just fine. And don't get me started on all the extra electronics - we had NOTHING in the 70's, but then I'm just an old fogey. You are amazing - You can do it until you are 80 !! Time is on your side and you can afford to turn back sometimes. It's not failure. (By the way, Navy Seals eat meat!).
You didn’t quit! You just chose the high road! Making the right decision🎉 should not be considered quitting ….You chose the True path of “Personal Victory”. Hope this makes sense! Your a tremendous WINNER!!
Eva,        Do you use magnesiuum oil spray and /or Epsom salt baths? Magnesium can make you into a new woman. 😊
Good job! sister (:
Eva you are the my idol my inspiration.  ❤ Love From Bangladesh.  I'm fan of you  when you visit the Nepal. 😊😊
That tree will always remember that hug....
She basically ran up and down Mt Rainier 3X.  25,000 feet of vertical, she is A BEAST. I'm glad that you were able to come and enjoy part of our Great Northwest Eva. It truly is beautiful scenery here.
God was carrying you. You dont belive, I know.
This whole "quitting is for losers" and "you have to push yourself to the absolute limit" mentality is just f**king bizarre.
This video is why I watch your videos.  Imagine you are the leader on an expedition and someone comes up lame.  You make your right choice for both justice and love (when it is your dog).  So that kindness and justice is not less true when you have to pull rank on yourself.  The voices that call yourself "lame" are no more just than when it happens to your dog.    I used to mentor teens in a diversion program and one day, I found myself saying to a kid,  "You wouldn't want your 3-year-old sister to not have her proper safety chair in the car.  We are working on learning to love ourselves that much."  After saying that, I had to start wearing my seat belt more responsibily!   Sure, you can still push yourself to fail when it is appropriate and learn from it.  That's what travel in the mountains is all about ... doing it and loving it.  The mission isn't like with Mallory on Everest maybe summitting, it is when you all get down, more or less in one piece.
🥰your story reminded me of my story years ago when I went deep into the Grand Canyon in ☀️ARIZONA🏜 🌵from the South Rim to the North Rim and back in one day!  It was incalculable madness!  It was July 1998, I went on a hike at 7am and came back at midnight, exhausted with all my strength!  it will be almost 26 years ago and my video is still waiting to be published, maybe one day I will do it!😊
This NEEDED to be shown, You could actually save someones life by showing how it's perfectly fine to stop when your body is telling you something is wrong. I don't consider you a quitter i think you did the right thing and for me that is being successful. Had you kept going i dont want to think of what could have happened to you. It is ALWAYS better to stop, get back to safety so that you can do it another day. I dont consider what you did as quitting, i consider it stoping. Also you said something about this not being successful and i disagree, you are alive, you made the right choice, had you kept going you could have gotten hurt or worse so anytime you make it back safely i consider that A SUCCESS! Thank you for sharing this video. Im very proud and impressed by what you are doing.
Is it just me or does she come across as begging for attention and pity.
I've been so hooked on your videos and travel that I haven't done anything else around my property for going on 4 days now...OMG, u have brought back so many wonderful memories about my youth and travels since I discovered your videos...I want to thank u so much for sharing them with all of us..."Walk a soft trail my friend"...
YayayaySeeing My Girly~ISwearEGirlYouAreTheBravestSoul~YouInspoMeToFaceMyFears~AlwaysStaySafeGirl✨💫🙏🩷🩷🩷ToV~BoiToo❌⭕❌⭕
Always listen to your body.  You have nothing to prove.  Relax and enjoy the journey.
No hike is worth your precious health 🙏🙏take care of your self, love your videos👏👏
You say a couple of times that this is a give up and you are proud you allow yourself to do it. I see this another way: this was an attempt to do something you never did before. You tried. You learned. You have now more experience to do another attempt maybe in the future and succeed. Lots of people never succeed at first attempt. The road to the top or an achievement is swirly and steep. Never a straight line. The top is the ultimate goal however It is the journey that counts and makes you grow. And from what I saw: it was a good journey. You learned and grew, didn't you? So it is quite an achievement nevertheless 😊 And on a very serious note: the moment you mentioned the nausea and feeling of having to throw up I knew this was altitude sickness. This is something not to take lightly as it can become life threatening in worst case. At the altitude you were it was dangerous as AMS can affect coordination. Since you were at your own, a possible fall triggered by dizziness may have had serious consequences. So the decision to go back was the one and only correct decision to take and has nothing to do with quitting. Continuing would really have been stupidity.
So glad you listened to your body. You did not quit, you are amazing!
To quitt it takes a lot of strength and courage. To be Mindful with yourself is absolutely the right Decision.
Hey Eva  Gary from Winnipeg  It's April 2nd 2024 For future note You don't give up
Smart decision. I’ve made stupid decisions in similar situations and paid for them. I’m lucky to be alive today.   You can always do it again.
I think with all the load initially you should have walked and not run, for body to get adjusted.
Sure looks like altitude sickness.
You are a very kind and strong person!
Liebe Eva, danke für diesen wertvollen Beitrag, der mir und vielen anderen Menschen Hoffnung gibt auch in schweren Zeiten, die Kraft zu finden, bei sich zu bleiben und weder sich noch anderen etwas beweisen zu müssen. Schön, dass es Dich gibt! Dear Eva, thank you for this valuable video, which gives me and many other people hope, even in difficult times, to find the strength to stay with yourself and not have to prove anything to yourself or others. It's great that you're there!
I use to live in Seattle the biggest mistake of my life was leaving and coming back to Wisconsin I miss the mountains so much
you did the right thing! Live to run another day, massive respect for you!
Do not tire yourself too much
Thirty years ago I would have been right there with you. great job I enjoy your video's
It takes a real trooper to feel so poorly and keep filming! You may have quit the run, which was absolutely the right decision, but you still didn't quit making content that inspires people to make the sensible choice...the hard choice. Continuing could have meant you got much worse and without the ability to walk / run yourself out. Ultimately, you did an incredibly impressive run and remained fully independent and self-reliant throughout; recognising the limits in your body at that moment and acting with maturity when you needed to most. As ever, your attitude is commendable.
So proud of you for all of this!
I understand I used to ride dirt bike. Id climb any hill. Alot of them I wouldnt go down!! People asked well why did you climb it? I said because I could? Made sense to me?
Run with your dog!!
Wow. I watched a couple of your videos and then came across this one.  Damn girl.  You made a hard but good decision.
Sometimes its harder to quiet and see whats better. You made the right decision and super awesome that you shared this as well!❤
I always take small steps going uphill, Another hiker told me this and it really helps. I always feel so nervous before a bicycle/camping adventure. But i know i'd so regret not doing an adventure while i'm still young. I would someday look back when i'm in my 70's and 80's and so regret it, this is what makes me get out and do a few days to a week or so long trips :)
Greetings from Hungary🥰❤️ You are Wonder Woman🥰❤️
This message is a very important one to share! Eva, I'm so happy your mind was cognizant enough of your situation and the inherent risks that you made the wisest and best decision for you. Thank you for sharing!
She has altitude sickness. I grew up in the mountains of Utah. I am very familiar with this. It's good that she went back.
Eva, you are extremely cable. The fact that you have the discernment and intelligence to know when to stop is what makes you truly great at what you do. You have all the tools and you know how to use it including being smart enough to know when to stop
I’m so proud of you for putting your well being first. Your body is a temporary temple and as such it is worth taking care of. We only get one life in this time space and sequence so why not balance our mind body and soul. This isn’t the end. Think of this as a training for completing this run in the future if you still feel called to do so ❤
❤❤Just discivered your channel ❤❤
Hi Eva, you are a winner of this trail, while you have the power to turn back at the right time.
In an earlier episode of your Journeys, you address the criticisms of you not shaving and not wearing makeup. I find this position refreshing ingenuine on your part. You are unique
Hiking is not a walk in the park? Bro, try a random day in the office. 😃
Loser!  To be honest, these days I can barely walk to the shops without frequent rests!
ok bye
No Matter what a person is Taking On, Survival is the Main Objective, Live for Another Day!
Beautiful Terrain for All of your Fans to Take In--Thanks --from the Blues Capital Area of America--49/61 Crossroads...
im no expert but what I witnessed in the video was maybe some self-fulfilling prophesy. ive watched a few of your videos and this and you are always super positive ready for whatever comes your way and ready to conquer it with enthusiasm. well that's not how the beginning of this one felt. you really didnt seem like this was something that you wanted to do. you had to talk yourself into it. i think maybe the way you felt was your bodys physical manifestation of not wanting to do this.  your mind is a powerful thing and you should listen when its telling you something. im glad by the end you came to the conclusion that its ok to quit sometimes.  you still ran further and faster than 99% of people can do.... maybe that can be good enough sometimes
Keep going eva zu beck
Winning does not mean a thing by itself. It is just an experience. We have won when we are kind and loving to ourself , no matter what. That is what you did! Congrats
You are such an inspiration. Thank you so much for sharing🙏🏼
You are amazing.
When your body tells you to take care of it, it's not quiting, it's taking care of your life's "machine". 😊 I'm 43 and I stop pushing my body, I started listening to it. It's part of following your intuition. Love your journey by the way and your storytelling. Your vlog is very real and you are a old soul with great wisdom at your age. I found your channel a week ago and I've been watching all your videos from the past 2-3 years. Lol I will be up to date soon since I'm on off until january 8th. 😊
Respect ✊🏽
I would definitely want to get to know you better if I was around your age you have a great personality and you are very beautiful but I would like to tell you go to Yellowstone in middle of September when the elk are in rut it is so much fun to watch the bull elk bungling I think you would love it watch some videos of Yellowstone in the rut
I remember doing the pct and when i got to the base of ranier my pooch passed. I was so upset i decided to pack him to the top and biry him. I accomplished this for him. Its was hell. That night i cut my finger to the bone on fire starter that began my story of survival. No thread or needle and the need to get out before my finger went septic. Long story short a hot knife and a little screaming and the hand was melded together. I never completed that trip and never will
There is a difference between quitting and restarting. Also, we all have our limits, nothing wrong with that. Its reality.
salam eva wach nti hia meryem harim
You gave it your best and as you say the books say one thing, but...everyone interprets them another way. You did the right thing, but 99% of those special force books are just to make sales. Don't overlook all of them. Some are special. I feel they are more about making yourself stronger and knowing when to quit because of an actual issues. Most people just quit because of it's a slight discomfort. I mean people in America loose their crap over getting pickles on a burger they order with no pickles. Americans make me sad because of that. So calling it quits when you did was properly listening to your body so you didn't need to use your SOS and that's amazing advice to give. Keep up the good work and I enjoy the videos.
it IS the tallest. the Colorado mountains are jokes. no snow, no glacier
OMG,   🥰🤪😁  These are so awesome, I Feel the same way's at times.  These Adventuring endeavors are so emotion packed and frought with danger. I especially Love your scenes that get so very Introspective. Reminds me of the kind of self dialog. Like thats what the charachters in action adventure movies have gotta be thinking when the i..sh hits the fan!   You do such wonderfull captures angles, character development and, you allways set the stage so nicely in each video. These expedition videos deliver everytime an as promised, enrapturing and pushing it to the limit  Adventure that keeps fans watching til the very end! Yeah I love the dialouge when you get to those limits or to the goal / destination. Its like the enlightenment that is recieved after fasting or after finally reaching the guru at the top of the top of the mountain and he says, "what is the sound of one hand clapping?" or, "If a tree falls down in the forrest and no one's there, does it still make a sound?"  You should do work in some capacity for Amazon Studios, or Netflix Original Films, or write for the WB or something. You could do it! This is the kind of great action adventure content that I love to see! I'm Just some black guy in a 12step Program who's 49; with 29 yrs Sober. Keeping my Sobriety has been the hardest thing I ever had to do! So, yeah I've had some introspective moment's. and times ive wanted to quit! So i did do the right thing by quitting but i didn't give up on the Program or myself! I had to let go; and, put everything  in  my Higher Powers hands and let the Outcomes be his achievements! But its my job, to do the footwork;  to put in my efforts.. Each day. One day at a time.
Eva just lecon to your self
just keep going EVA TO ACHEIVE MORE
Thanks EVA
Mt. Rainer is 14,411 ft. Google. Everest is near 25,000 ft.
I was filled with joy when I watched you climb into your fluffy bed!!! You made the wise decision… if you are sick, you need to take care of yourself!  When I was your age I didn’t.   I pushed myself beyond my personal limit and  bodies threshold and ended up with Stage-4 “terminal” cancer.  Obviously I survived the odds as that was 20 years ago. But since then my body has been damaged beyond repair.  I’m stuck in a bed most days.   Take care of yourself! Live to fight another day when you are not burdened with a virus!. God Bless You!
Mt Rainier is 14411 feet above sea level. That's 4394 meters. The tallest mountain in the lower 48 (excluding Alaska) is Mt. Whitney at 14505 feet above sea level.  the tallest mountain in Alaska, Denali which is tallest than Mt. Logan in British Columbia is 20310 feet...Which is 6192 meters. The tallest mountain in North America.  There are no 25000 feet mountains in North America. (@0.20). However because of its Northern latitude, climbing Denali feels like climbing 25-26000 feet. ( Everest is situated at the equator reflecting its true climbing altitude .)
Holy cow Eva, I've been on that mountain many times. I live in Oregon, around Mt. Hood - Trying to do the wonderland trail in 3 days is an unbelievably difficult goal. The mountains are very powerful, and humbling. I'm glad you got to experience the mountain! But I'm very happy that you listened to your body, and decided to head back. The mountain is an unforgiving place, and it takes peoples lives with the wrong mindset every year. You made the right decision. As always, you learned from this experience, and came out of it with a positive mindset. And that, is admirable. The mountain can teach you many things, and I think you came away from that experience with some wisdom. Much love. ❤
There are bears AND mountain lions in Mnt Ranier . Not bringing your bear spray was a foolish decision  .
chamch alma"arif
ibn sirine
thanks balkiss
NOT A LOSER
EVA
your very good Eva I hope you all the best
Thank you eva
I've spent many happy hours climbing and hiking in the Park. It is a most wonderous place! Some of the most stunning scenery in the US outside of Alaska. Refusing to make a no-go decision gets people hurt or worse, eventually. Your effort was amazing as it was and you are a hero in my eyes: 1st for the miles, then the decision to stop when it was necessary and finally for the courage to share the experience. Thank you!
THANKS EVA BEST REGARDS
I’m just in awe of you. You made the right choice. ❤️
Put all this energy into having family girl 😊
You should have taken the Bear Spray...  Haven't you watched the movie Back Country?
thanks Eva
You did a lot better than I could have You've got nothing to be ashamed of
My daughter recently hiked the Wonderland trail.  She took something like a week to ten days to do it.  I don’t understand why anyone would run on a hiking trail in wilderness.  There are better, safer places to run.  She ran a full marathon a few years ago.  She trained for about a year to do that.  That was in a city where there are many people and resources available, if needed.
Love from pakistan ❤❤
Where was your dog in that moment?
Thank you for this video, Eva! This loop is one I’m considering in the near future. It’s a tough trail and the average person takes 10 days, so don’t consider yourself a quitter! You’re amazing! I also highly recommend the Sisters loop in Central Oregon. Part of that loop is climbing South Sister.
Your fitness is so admirable!!
This Summer I was on the road across Europe, 7800 km. On my way back I was to take a ferry from Denmark to Norway. As I was busy ;) talking with my sister on the phone, I forgot to take a motion-sickness pill before boarding the ferry.   The sea was so so, only small waves, enough for the people to walk like drunks onboard. Some were even walking like nothing was going on at all. I asked the staff for the sea-sickness-pill, they laughed as in: ''The sea is calm, only few waves here and there, no worries!''   Of course, the car-deck was closed and I was stuck. With every passing moment I felt more and more sick. Most of the time I was sitting on the floor, holding the carpet with all my might (one cannot help it).   Finally, the ferry was docked in Norway and I had to start driving.   Getting to my car was a horrendous experience as I could not walk nor see straight, no pun intended. Anyhow, I started a car even though I was still sick as my sense of balance was completely off. My reasoning was that even though I had a cold sweats, heart was pounding like a crazy, head was 'drunk', and my face was greenish-gray, I thought I would be ok as I was on the stable ground. No problem there, right? Wrong.    To get home after this long journey of at that time around 7500 km it was just another 350 km. I set on driving disregarding the state I was in. Yup. That road was the most horrific driving experience ever. Finally, 250 km latter, I had to stop. There was no way in hell to drive a minute longer, I was done.   I realized that I was putting myself in mortal danger as I was putting others on a road in the same predicament. Had to quit and call someone to pick me up. That was the hardest part, making a phone-call 100 km to home and asking: ''please come and pick me up''.    It took three days for my sense of balance to return and about a month to get behind a wheel again. I have discovered that the motion-sickness affects last several days, not only during the time on the sea.   I am here now and writing about it. If I did not stop right there and then, who knows? If I ever get in the same predicament again, here are keys right away. No driving, not even out from the ferry. Lesson learned. And, no getting onboard a ferry without a motion-sickness-pill. Heck, no!
I'm very glad you quit.   Rather than ending up out of time, out of daylight, out of food, and out of options, 20 miles from anywhere on Day 3.   Which is what almost certainly would have happened.    Some routes you can push on because there are 'bail-out' options, but this one wasn't one of them.
awesome
I finished concrete for 37 years. It was 10 years to long. My knees are totally gone. Drs inform me that this kind of treatment our bodies are not made for the. Beating. Only push so hard your body is telling you. Your mind reads it.  You will be in denial. Comes a time in all our lives we have to say I've done that  that was enough. ❤❤❤. I'm with you.
i Love you for all the lovely VLOGS you make us to show the world from a different perspective.
Eva babe when you're crying I feel sad too. Sometimes quitting is not a failure but an inner voice telling you to be courageous and at the same time caution where it might be the only option that save your life.
Well don't run it!? You not super woman, take your time. Don't quit.
95 miles in 3 days! That is incredible!  Im early in the video so im not sure you made it. Im still  super impressed!
I am so impressed with all you have done. You are awesome. I would have quit along time ago. I am astounded with all you have accomplished. You deserve to take a vacation for the rest of your life. Live a normal peaceful life and enjoy it while you can. Life goes by so fast....
THANK YOU FOR  SHARING YOUR  EXPERIENCE WITH US.  GOD BLESS YOU  EVA.
And Eva - what exactly is wrong with doing it for yourself - enjoying whatever "It" is ? As long as you don't totally fall into that way of living / thinking.  When you ask "& What, exactly is it for ?"   EXACTLY
I gave up less than 5 miles from reaching the top of Kings Peak in Utah. I regretted so much in the coming days. But you know what, I'm a live to be able to regret it. So I'm ok.
I know you're wonderful, sunshine!  I wish I was there to help protect you in the wilds of grizzly country. I would consider it an honor, and i wouldn't  have to worry about your safety. Hope you're armed with a dam big pistol and know how to use it,  because it could be the difference between life and death.  Please stay frosty in your journeys!  God bless you.
Please! PLEASE take better care of yourself !!!
fabulous!  Well said and we’ll done!👍
Hiya Eva, just wondering what breed your shepherd is crossed with? PS, German shepherds are a good breed for self defense, and companionship.
Eva, welcome to the west. I too love Ten Sleeps canyon. I used to drive through there every month for my work.  You should see some of our other states, like Utah and Idaho, the next time you visit.  When I said every month, I meant that I used to drive through 7 western states every month. So I got to enjoy an awful lot of western scenery.  Come back anytime and enjoy.
Love your adventures.  One bit of unsolicited advice… protect your knees.  I used to do this stuff when I was your age, but now my knees are shot.  I think I did more than my body could reasonably handle.
it is not quitting! you found your limit
This is not quitting,  youg not feeling well. Today
Your pushing to much Eva
"Never give up!" - works best for those with low self esteem, because they often feel like they must prove something. Sometime winning is quitting - in life, business, relationships - choosing what's best for us. Beside, there is no "One solution fits all" - at the end, when we'll be dying at some point, isn't it about if we were happy with our choices? Great video, thank you for sharing.
Your biggest problem. Is that u  trying to find satisfaction in  yourself. GOD ALMIGHTY THE  God of the Bible can satisfy u.fill u with real peace and joy. Gods creation is Amazing but its not God. Worship and serve the Creator. And not the creation. My friend.
Transpiancy is best even if it Hurts.
You did the right thing my Friend. Thanks for being wise
Your a Trooper your no whimp. You take it easy walk to much hard on your body.
Your a inigma you are on Quest to find meaning purpose. Joy your willing risk your life and you reject the prince of peace the Lord Jesus Christ u need Him.He fill  that void get u a husband. No journey Quite as Thrilling as walking with Jesus reaching Lost sheep. God saved me from alot of Sin and redeemed me I get to serve Him. And win lost souls. God Blessed u with Brains Bravery personality even looks give Him Glory and He will Thrill your soul.
Visit Morocco ❤❤
Welcome to MOROCCO ❤❤
If I was going into a remote area, like the wonderland trail, bears or not, I would definitely pack the bear spray and knife instead of a bulky camera and I am a male with some self defense experience. You need to be more prepared for worst case scenario.
Think of it as gaining wisdom.  😀  Great job.
Hi Eva..nice videos..I have a question...how does the Jackery energy station work and what is the capacity for your situation...??
Sometimes quitting is just a re-direction to a more sensible and safe place where wisdom resides. We don't always have to reach the peak.
Welcome to the PNW. Things are just different there.
EGO = Edging GOD OUT  : (     SELF-IDOLATRY    Worshiping the Creation & NOT THE CREATOR.   Pagan, Humanist = FUTILITY
I just recently found your channel & I’m loving it. I understand the need for a break, though. Hope it helped! How long did you last?
Nice! You traversed around the mountain that I call home. The mountain that keeps me planted here in Washington. I can't imagine waking up in the morning and not seeing this mountain.
Could you please give me details about your vehicle like where would I buy one like. I want to drive to Alaska. Thanks
The uncompromising attitude is appropriate when the mission is more important than yourself - something that these soldiers sometimes are asked to do. It's not a particularly good fit when the mission is yourself.
No quitting just postponing. Live to fight again and all that. I would imagine that you could do it. You just need a better plan and I'm sure I heard you tell yourself what that was. Better support, check points with nutritional needs and first aid, possible temporary shelter against the elements. 99.999% percent of people wouldn't attempt to accomplish what you accomplished. You are a winner.
Knowing enough to make a decision to turn back may have saved your life.  If you are going to run 20 K's with a back pack, we were taught to run 10 times that in one week for training.  It seemed you were exhausted the end of the first day.   Being out there with out a gun or bear spray, you should have one or the other.  I am glad you made it home safely.
Cheers, mate! You made the right decision. Being a warrior like yourself is the difference between knowing   your own safety and   survival or being injured so bad or death that would change your course of life forever, Eva your definitely a flipping WARRIOR!
Good call.. Inner calling is the key.... Every human is, different.... Next time
Thanks for sharing your difficult times and tears with some of us viewers !
Ya ever wunder why aimals dont do marathons?....Cawz theyre smarter than most humans......
🍂🍁🌾Hi 🌾🍁🍂
You are unbelievable (awesomely) sometimes.
You didn't quit, you stopped... because you hit your limit at the time and responsibly withdrew. Your discipline took over.  Quitting would be: never making an attempt again. * Perhaps if you desire to conquer the route again, just hike it over a few more days instead. You'd have to carry more weight, but you are obviously strong enough; both mind and body, for that.  (healthy) Quitting would be the result of stopping bad habits for the rest of their life, such as smoking. But one doesn't quit, the discipline is stopping... quitting is the eventual result after years of not starting the bad habit again.  I suggest to people who want to quit smoking : to stop, not quit. Succumbing and starting again is less of an emotional failure than failing to quit.  One has already proven to themselves that they can stop, the task is to prolong that discipline. I hope the context is understood.  (unhealthy) Quitting is what I did many many years ago when the cruel nature of politics within competitive sports; ice hockey (goalie) and baseball... broke my spirit. I stopped playing all sports, even just for personal fun and health.  Perhaps having coaches who didn't cultivate and nurture was a significant factor, but it's really because I never was involved for just the sake of enjoyment to begin with... more a sense of belonging than fun.  I didn't enjoy defeating others... winning is not what motivated me. Mind you, I never lost on purpose... well... maybe in darts ;) Being an ice hockey goalie, I lost way more than I won... it's probably the most difficult position in sports. The weight of responsibility can be overwhelmingly heavy... every goal is your fault, even when it's not... even when everyone knows it's not your fault, it's still your fault. I never wanted anyone else to feel like that, so I was never compelled to gloat... in other words, I was never a poor, egotistical or ungraceful winner... quite humbled actually. Now I have to allow my body to remember that I was once strong and knew my body's mechanics and to allow my mind to be focused/motivated on getting moving again, just for the sake of my personal well-being. If I hadn't been an athlete, I'd probably be dead now. I quit something I enjoyed and let emotional and physical atrophy set in, but now have a deep desire to just do it before it's too late.  I've grown restless for simple adventure and personal challenge on my own terms. I  want to walkabout and see the world, but know I wont be doing that sitting on my ass. I must get my core and being back into motion. My soul needs it more than my body really.   Perhaps I just stopped for 30 years in order to work on other things ;)  Yes, that's it, I will start again.  Thank you for the motivation.
Wise choice. Great video!!!
Where is Vilk?  I'm not a doctor, but if your hands are swelling it might mean you need a bit more salt.   It also seems you might need more protein and oxygen.  It's times like these when it really is helpful to have another person with you.  Two are better than one. (Ecclesiastes 4:9)  It sounds like pretty good insight to me.  I've learned to recognize my limitations and forgive myself.  I am the standard for me.  Now, I just don't care what people think.  I am only responsible to love God and others as well as myself.    Ecclesiastes 12:13  Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man.  (The word "fear" means "revere" or "honor".)  When I was in my late 20's and early 30's, I would engage in aerobic running.  I would run 3 miles 3 times a week and enjoy it.  I averaged 8 minutes a mile at the beginning.  I eventually got  so that I could if I chose another partner who was faster, I could keep up. I once ran the three miles in a little over 18 minutes which under 7 minutes a mile.  Today, I'd be hard pressed to run across the street. So, I don't put myself in situations that would require it.     I LOVE your videos.
Out in the wilderness alone, people can learn from your wise example. There are many stories of fit experienced people who died needlessly because they pushed themselves too far under less than ideal conditions, whether sickness, or weather, or equipment failure. When you are in remote areas and responsible for yourself IF you have a choice, you need to make the RIGHT choice, because if you don't, evenntually you will NOT have a choice, and then the odds and the risk can get so much worse, and people have died or come close to it by being more stubborn than wise. This is a great lesson that you posted. And I should feel guilty for enjoying the scenery around you instead of worrying more, but honestly, I was really enjoying the views of the trail, and I knew you were going to be ok. When you crawled into the comfy bed with the fire going at the end, I was so happy for you. I know how that feels, especially when you REALLY need it. Cheers. P.S. You didn't QUIT. You cnanged direction and tactics. Even the Seals do that.
You are an awesome supergirl! 😉
You always bring your Bear Spray?
No, keeping it real is part of what makes your stories interesting.
Thanks for the honesty. I Think you touch everyone with going that far and then realize you need to turn back. I know I have done the same. Life in general or trying to make it around a mountain which is very far to make it in that short time. God Bless you
I used to run around Mt. Rainer when I was younger and there were a lot of bears. A LOT.
A smart pilot always knows when to turn back. Our bodies age whether we,  accept it or not.
I really heard that at the end. I used to do competitive road runs. No ultras or anything like that. My longest distance was a half marathon. But....I medaled in my very first run and THAT became addictive...winning. It started out fun, and then it became all about winning...or at least being in the top 10. I would berate myself if I didn't medal, and I would run myself into injuries. It wasn't fun anymore...but the endorphins as the medal was placed around my neck....ahhhhh....   I had to quit...for quite a long time. And then I ran for fun. It's very hard to take a step "backwards". Yet it's often the very best thing we can do.
You inspire us! Thanks Eva
I applaud you for making this video.  I know it couldn't be easy but it is sure nice to see a person humble themselves, it means you are growing in a positive way as a human being.
25,000 vertical feet? There are no mountains that tall in the US. Tallest is Denali at around 20k.
🍀👍🍀😊you did the right thing.
So good of you to be real, and show us all that it's ok to be real!! 👍
Enjoy your life! You are a brave woman. I have enjoyed your videos.
Bullshit
You didn't give up. I own a small construction business and have always charged evert challenge that I came across. Nothing bothered me. I'm 43 now and the past year I have noticed that I'm not quite as adapted to the heat and cold as I always thought I have been. I live in texas and for the first time in my life I had to slow down. I was getting worn down by the heat. I still give it everything I have every day but I've  learned to dial it down a bit.
DEAR EVA. PLEASE ACCEPT J E S U S  CHRIST AS YOUR PERSONAL SAVIOUR . H E I S T H E ONE AND THE ONLY ONE WHO WAS WITH YOU ALL THESE DAYS . WISHING ALL THE BEST I DEPART.❤
Knowing when to quit and being OK with requires wisdom
If you haven't seen it, you need to watch Superstar.
💐🗽🇺🇸 Probably no bear spray really ! 😂 You really do need a partner who can advise you someone you will trust and listen to someone with some common sense God willing it will be sooner than later , don’t forget about the mountain lions next time.
Lean your back against that old tree and energize old  school , a couple young pine buds in your mouth . All you need .
Just cant believe you ran through some of the most beautiful country on earth .take some time to smell the roses sugar .
Marathoners typically run a number of 20-milers before the big race to learn what it will take to finish the entire 26.2 miles. You didn't quit - it was just a training run. You learned a lot; next time will be even better. Not trying again would be quitting.
Know what..i don't fvkn care if you quit..not religious..it's in learning that we live..and not in leaving that we quit..when the only option is choice..choose yourself..learn a lot from you miss Eva..my inspiration since ive subscribe a week then..thank u my motivational mentor in life..coz for me..life is a sweet suicide..have a good taste of it coz we all live to die..
Eat some fatty red meat and fuel your body with your ancestral diet
Your videos are awesome! Where is the necklace you are wearing from it is so cute!?
Have you had altitude sickness before?
Quitting something that no longer serves you is absolutely the right thing to do! ❤
So much value in this video! Thank you for sharing!
You should always let the Mountains win. You should always let Nature win. You are made of Nature. You did not quit. You let Nature win. As it should be.
Your body is in a state of toxicity. You can't feed it powders and expect such high performance at the same time. It's basically contradictory. Go on a deep colon detox before the adventure and take real fruits with you, they will help keep your blood alkaline and clean which will increase your capacity. You absolutely cannot push your body in order to achieve the next mental goal while it is battling inner acidity. Study how your body works and study detox and regenerative health. It brought me to the whole next level of endurance and understanding. Best of luck!
I never quit in all my ascensions, I would prefer died that quitting. For me you are acting, I was way way worse conditions than yours (the fact you are still conscious to keep the plans/cameras show you were acting. Next time try harder or not, I bet you can live as a looser.
very brave
Eva, like many of the commenters here, I am retired Navy Seal cancer surviving mountain detective. And you absolutely should have continued the run.
You can not quit We need to make One little baby
altitude sickness
listening to your body was a good plan, if you make a mistake only once you are done and you wouldn't have gotten to share this.
You learned something very important.  Life requires endurance, but life is not a race.  Let others burn themselves out in a pointless race while you are rationing yourself for the entire journey of life.  If you had gone on you very well may have given your last ounce of strength reviewing your last hours, critiquing yourself and asking yourself why you had been so foolish and had not turned back.  If you must think in terms of a race, simply remember that we are all in an individually different race.  You won your race; you got home, and you'll have another adventure (your race) up ahead.  You experienced what the Japanese call "satori," enlightenment, personal growth.  Before you were born, in the early 1980's there was a very senior government official in Washington, D.C., Energy, Labor, Interior, I do not recall.  He, this fellow in his 40's I think entered a marathon through the city.  I seem to recall without knowing if I'm correct that he was interviewed along the way and he may have gone on about never quitting, "do or die," that kind of bravado, BS.  On this point I know I am correct.  This foolish man did "do or die."  Along the way he apparently rapidly lost all energy, he began running in a state of dizziness, lost bodily control and ran full tilt, headfirst into a concrete pole, suffered a concussion and died.  Yes, killed himself.  He had no maturity, whereas you now have it and know you are "racing" no one but yourself.  You didn't quit, you survived, Miss Eva ("She's not bear scat on a mountain.") zu Beck.  I look forward to following you about on each new adventure.
Why do you cry in your videos? You are the one who chooses to do these things! Seems silly.
You are a brave and strong woman. Please use your own judgement and do NOT over extend yourself. I admire your dedication so please remember to do everything in moderation. Remember, moderation can vary from one person to the next. So be YOUR best judge. ❤❤❤
Eva is an absolute unit, your “failure” accomplished more than 90% of people on earth.
Serwus Ewa, it was quite a right decision.. full RESPECT, my Dear - Cześć!
strong woman❤
this woman is an accident waiting to happen
Eva One of the Bravest Runners  I 've ever had the priviledge of observing just amazing courage and stamina
You didn't quit. If you had quit you would have died up there. If you continued you would have quit, if that makes sense. You would have quit critical thinking. You would have quit listening to what your body was telling you. People who quit don't get up and run 32K's.   You absolutely did the right thing.
no bear spray???
It's not "soft" to protect yourself. It's heroic. Because you can't protect anyone else if you are out of commission. There are Four Selves: The Physical Self. The Emotional Self. The Rational Self. The Spiritual Self. The Emotional Self is the usual trouble-maker... all Ego and Vanity and Pride and Fear and Anger and  Greed and Exuberance, ever wanting to dominate the other three selves to get its way. Wanting to be gung-ho, no matter what, is an unbalanced emotional state. In this case your Physical Self stepped in to sound the alarm. In a bit of a tussle with your Emotional Self, your Rational Self thought it through. And, in that epiphany on the mountain your Spiritual Self sided with your Physical and Rational selves... and informed you that not only is turning back the sensible thing to do...  it is the pathway of the greatest growth of your personhood.  Great lesson... and great video. Hail Mt. Tahoma for the enabling wisdom!
I know this is odd but I hug trees sometimes too... I grew up in New Hampshire - so trees, mountains, and crystal clear water create balance in my life
Kudos for being REAL, VULNERABLE and letting people know it's ok to be gentle with ourselves
I have been watching your videos for a few months now, I believe that this is one of your best. Thank you for being honest with us as you discover yourself through all of your life struggles. ❤❤❤
You didn't quit, you LEARNT...  (UK)
You're such a wonderful character and I think you did the right thing. I'm ex-military and used to yomping with a heavy pack and your symptoms appeared to be a high level of exhaustion. Carrying on exhausted could have led to a serious mistake/injury and when you're out there on your own, that is a very dangerous thing. I totally understand with your thoughts about quitting,  when I was in the military I could never quit any physical test which is good in that context but not good in the context of what you were doing here, you made the correct and intelligent decision here, bravo!
Fantastic! Homelessness would be a dream come true where I live. Like winning the lottery.
So proud of you. You should be so proud of yourself most people could not do what you did on your worsted day on their best day.
Eva your great! Be kind with yourself! You don't have to be perfect,  we love you just the way you are!
Ultra runners have bad days just like any other athlete so don't feel bad.  My husband use to be a ultra runner and he had to drop out a couple races because  his body said no..
This was one of the most amazing videos you've done that I've watched so far. THANK YOU for being vulnerable, genuine and real. This is what makes you STRONG not weak and is what makes you a human being. And thanks for not only posting the hard stuff you went through but also posting what you learned from it. It was so painful for me to see you so sick as I felt such empathy and wished I was there to say we need to go back! Thank goodness you were able to listen to your body and your inner wisdom and go back. You saved your own life! I'm so so grateful for how much you've grown from this experience and for what you've learned from it! What you learned will keep you safe and healthy time and time again. Always listen to your body and inner wisdom (intuition) as it knows what is best for You. Continue to take good care of yourself!
You made the difficult decision that wise women can be faced with. So glad you listened to yourself, you told you what to do in the end. Live to explore another day❤
Eva you did great .. you did the correct choice ,, i had been in situations like that. And its feel good you are back.. good bless you .
Altitude sickness is nothing to mess around with. I’m so glad you learned this very valuable lesson. And not having enough food is another critical lesson. One cannot anticipate the possible consequences of an injury, or delay for whatever reason. It’s always best to have more, than to try to save a pound or two in your pack. Be proud of yourself for saving your own life, girl! And thank you for having the courage to make this extremely important video. You may be saving someone else’s life in so doing.  Love from Colorado ❤
Question: I was always told there's no fresh drinking water in the USA do to pollution so you have to get some kind of filtering system or put a drop of bleach in to make sure it's not bad.  Do you do that, or are your water bottles fitted with a filter of some kind?  PS: Great videos - keep them up!
your videos are well produced, and provide great content.   My only issue is your clickbait titles and thumbnails.   It annoys me so much, that i actually avoid watching your videos nowadays.    You don't need to do that anymore.   You have millions of subs and views.   You're better than this.
Epsom salts pretty good sure u know
Done a few of the trails when I was Young as a group with the right gear can repeal and climb saves a lot of time thought I needed to climb all the sumets worked so hard sometimes didn't think it was worth it be careful been stacked by two cat's and a grizzly bear and been up a tree with Cubs after me and momma bear shacking my tree God bless may the guardian Angels always be by your side Amen
U are better than an Olympian
The veiws are always Worth it the Colorado River is a must and you can do a hot Air balloon tour woohoo
Toxic positivity. The idea that if you quit, that makes you a loser. It's not about "wimping out." It's about making an intelligent decision about what you'd like to do with your life.
20:15 It is altitude sickness paired with simple fatigue.  I have had it in a number of locations.  Everything you said matches it. Setting that aside, you are amazing - seriously.  I have been to 87 countries and am ashamed that I took the easy way compared to you.
its ok to quite your the one knows your self if you can do it or not for now as long as you dont you take care of your health its fine i admire you
Gluten for punishment 😮
It seems to me that altitude was the problem. But the most important thing is you being safe and well. Great video, Eva!!! You’re a great soul.
I'm glad you made this video. Proud of you!
"?????""""Hi! Thank-you! What Two-way Walkie talkie would you suggest having for emergencies?? Thank-you!
Would have been easier with Vilk....
Oh my goodness!  When I saw you feeling sick at the restroom, I almost got sick myself.  I'm so glad you decided to stop, and keep yourself safe.  If only there had been a helicopter to give you a ride back to your car.  Having to hike out when you felt sick must have been so difficult.
I assumed there would be survival stash chests dotted around for people who get into a situation, maybe?
wouldnt a go-pro be better than a bulky and heavier camera
Hey Eva,   Do you mind me asking what shoes/trainers you use for such a task and day to day?   Thank you.
I went to Colorado for 420 one time and I stayed at the lodge at Breckenridge for a couple nights and when I got back to Denver to get back on the plane I had the worst headache ive ever had and I thought it was the Colorado weed but I had altitude sickness
Thank you for publishing this video.......Thank You Very Much
You are impressive - WOW
She is real life Lara Croft
self awareness is the most important!
thanks Eva most compelling.
You are a Intelligent young person knowing to do the right thing and doing it.
Time: It's Okay To Not Be Okay? What's the point of bringing all of society out with you into the Wilderness? Some giant noisy caravan like they have at National Parks, with all the amenities?
Thank you so much for making this video. I over trained this year and ended up feeling like crap for months all because I wouldn't listen to my body and kept pushing through no matter how I felt. I am not an athlete anymore and definitely not as fit as you, but I have reminded myself that I will never make it to that place unless I'm smart and train according to my level of fitness, endurance, and general health. I don't listen to Navy Seals who never quit, I think they might be fighting through something on the inside of themselves that they think they can crush as long as they keep going and being hard on themselves. They are wrong. It's okay to slow down. It's okay to listen to your body. It's okay to avoid a hospital stay because pride kept you moving to the point of dehydration, exhaustion and injury (speaking of a specific situation where a guy was hospitalized before he could finish an ultra).   I have been watching your videos for awhile now and I'm glad that you made the decision to post this one so that other people can see it and make better choices for themselves. Live to hike another day. That mountain, canyon, those hills & trails will still be there.
This reminded me of "A walk in the woods" by Bill Bryson.  "I had to remind myself this is optional."  How silly it would be to risk one's health to improve one's health.
100%, easily the right call to turn back.  I've felt I was immortal, indestructible for many years, but at 52, not so much.  And it wasn't a lesson I wanted to learn, but it was absolutely a choice, burden others with biting off more than I could chew or recognizing my humanity and deciding not to put myself in that position if I didn't have to.
The video at 13:27, what a beautiful picture of you and the background of the mountain, trees and clouds.
I slept at that exact Summerland campsite. Went to the same bathroom, probably hiked part of the same trail you run. And I also had to turn back and go back to the trailhead. I wasn't prepared for the snow conditions and had to recognise my limits, to preserve my own safety. I see so much of myself in you, and you express so clearly what I can barely think of. Thanks for giving voice to so many feelings that otherwise would be left unheard and unspoken. And yes, this video absolutely provide lots of value 🤗
You need to do for your self, only you know your self, & you had a choice to save your self & did it!!! Effort matters, no loss but gain!!! That is what matters, so yes be nice to your self & others that depend on you...✌️❤️😅😅 You went farther than if you hadn't gone!!!💪💪💪
In the end, you did two of three days,. That is a win in my book.😊
I agree with your decision!  Better you are safe!
Thank you for sharing.  Life is good experiences and not so good experiences.  That's what makes a video real. You didn't quit. You made the right decision, and that's probably what saved your very existence. You lived to fight another day! Bravo!
All i have toyou do qhat you got to do foryourself and what little ti.e we ha e on this earth should be happy love your videos
I hiked that trail years ago. It's not an easy trail.
I think you totally made the right decision, and you should not feel like a failure!  I tried to hike the AT at 32, and I had to stop in Connecticut when my ankles said, "no more."  So, 100% support.  As a small amount of nothing more than constructive thought (not criticism... I took basically what you took when I started), could you ditch the kettle (just use the one pot), and the tripod (use a mini tripod, and then set it up on higher rocks to get those running shots...or use a lighter camera and a trekking-pole mount)?  You could shave some weight there.  Also, there are lighter tents and 3/4 sleeping pads.  For three nights, esbit tabs (or a beer can stove) would be much lighter than the jetboil, especially since you could cut the fuel to the days you only need it.  Gatorade bottles are also lighter than Nalgene bottles, and hold up pretty well.  Again...no criticism... I have trouble running a few blocks at this point.  I don't think shaving the few pounds I pointed out would have tipped some balance... I am just sharing thoughts.  Keep doing what you do!  You are an inspiration!
At 34:16 through 34:40 you articulated valuable info. Keep in mind Navy Seals have trained both physically and mentally for "Life and Death" circumstances.  There is no middle ground with a Navy Seal mission. You have grown in wisdom!
You made the right decision, Eva. Getting home from any adventure is the #1 priority. You are incredible for being authentic! Thank you for saying that it's OK to quit something you've started. YOU GO GIRL!I can totally relate being myself up for changing direction once I've started something. You changed direction and listened to yourself. There is a time and place for pushing through. This was not one of those.
I live in Scotland.  Far too many people think that mountains of 3 - 4,000 feet are little more than a Sunday stroll - not only is it the last mistake they ever make, but our dedicated Mountain Rescue team members have paid the ultimate price far too often, trying to pull them out.  Sometimes, you just HAVE to quit.
Men need to have that mantra, women don’t. The power of women is more than that. They bring what they have and power men to do more than possible! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You have finally got to the place where you can listen to yourself objectively. If you were watching this you would say “it’s ok to turn back “ to someone else .
Just for unknown hikers, ALWAYS get water from rivers, large creaks or large streams in, and at the deepest points, from the bottom of the deep water pools.
You are an amazing woman. 99 percent of  people couldn't even do half of what you did. You made the right choice.
Eva,  Being a third generation native to the county (Pierce) in which Mt Rainier is, may I suggest a couple of observations and also that you absolutely made the correct choice in turning back. In my younger days (I'm presently 69) I made several treks on sections of the Wonderland Trail. In my opinion it is one of the most scenic yet a very demanding ventures one can undertake. Still to this day, I frequently hunt Deer and Elk not far outside the park's boundary. In fact, I recognized the area which the cabin you stayed in. My nephew has one in the same area.  I would have kept the Bear Spray! Black Bear and Cougar (Mountain Lion) are fairly common not to mention Wolverine (fairly rare but seen in this area, and Bobcat. As an American and legally able to possess a firearm, in these areas (including National Parks) I carry my 44 magnum handgun which is plenty capable of brining down any threat. I would only kill any wild animal if mine or someone else's life is threatened. Bear Spray is an essential item for any back country venture. Secondly, I would suggest carrying a small amount of fishing tackle and a foraging guide book. There is plenty of natural food to sustain ones self if need be. The weather in these parts can change in a instant and being prepared for the unexpected in my opinion is paramount.  When I was a young man, I belonged to the local wildlands search and rescue organization and those that did not use common sense suffered sometimes the worse outcomes. My hat is off to you in airing this video and telling your story of SUCCESS not failure. Because you made the correct decision to turn back before you could not, those that watch this video will also gain this basic survival advice and knowledge!  As an aside, from my observation, I believe you may have been suffering from Altitude Sickness. Not sure, but your symptoms were inline with this ailment.
Bravo!!!
what elevation were you. it sounds like you might have had a lack of oxygen. normally if walking you would have been ok. but you were trotting fast so you needed more oxygen. altitude sickness is dangerous
Please ... bear spray and a gun ...the two more impotant things ...like water
I found you on TikTok, looked you up on YouTube… and here you are on the wonderland trail in my state! I explore by Jeep. It is an absolutely immersive experience…  believe me. No running involved ;)
You did a great job
We're happy your safe.  That's all
You did the right thing and there is nothing to be ashamed of. . It could have been worse for you to keep going that could of ended in dangerous circumstances. What you accomplished is still absolutely amazing and you should be proud of yourself instead of beating yourself up. Your awesome to be sensible andI think more of you because of that.
Wow!  You are incredible!
Some awesome comments on this video. I love the support everyone has shown from people of all walks of life. Not only is it words of wisdom, teachings and encouragement for Eva but also for us who come to watch and read the comments. Thank you all
Eva, you made the right choice. As the religious people say, ' Pride goeth before a fall'. Deliberately running into a brick wall is not intelligent, and you're obviously a smart person. Huge respect to you.
Well...for one thing, your not a Navy Seal and another thing, your not built like a man.  As women, our bodies were made differently and on top of that fact, our bodies age and as they age, what we can reasonably accomplish is less.  I'm 54 now.  When I was 32, I was in mixed martial arts.  22 years later.....my body could not take that abuse today.  I have aged considerably in that time and my health has suffered.
Even Navy Seals work as a team.  Everyone has someone to their left and to their right.  On missions they have a person on overwatch to look out for them.  They usually carry comms and/or a sat phone.  On the other end of that phone is an air controller that can call in a helo to nearly any spot on earth.  On that helo they may have a fully stocked medical corpsman to treat things like altitude sickness.  Even Seals do their Buds training at sea level.  It looked to me like you had a case of altitude sickness.  Give yourself credit for going alone as far as you did.  You are a Brave person.
Very beautiful your adventure videos, I loved it and it's lovely how you lead life. Continues.
Hey Eva great job  love watching ur videos (I'm so jealous) 😏,you look like ur having the time of ur life,if u ever visit phx AZ  look me up,I can give u directions to some really cool spots 👍
At 15:00 mark, you discovered “it”. That trail is meant to be savored, not raced.
Back in the day, people just took their beatings without cashing in on YouTube cheddar, just learning from their failures.
Only the hand that erases can write the truth.
Great stuff!!!
I Dont blame you for turning back. Everyone is different. Keep up the great work .
Better to Quit / Halt and Learn thru Ur Body that Failure is good for Future attempts  Avoid Catastrophe or major injuries  U get another chance to continue to do What U Lov
You are one of the most ambitious and brave people I've seen!
Excellent video, thoroughly enjoyed, love the humble explanation at the end. Well done.
Yea dude no your not quitting your making what they call a smart decision good on you
You said you’re feeling weak just the last couple of hours I wonder if you’ve gained in elevation and your getting altitude stuff lol whatever they call it altitude sickness that’s the word
Just "found you" a couple of days ago and have been very busy catching up on your videos. Watching this one was so exciting and sad. At the time that I am writing this message, you are just setting up camp on the first night. You may answer it later in the video, but at this point, I'm wondering if you might have some sort of altitude sickness? As a mother, I worry for your health and safety but I am behind you all the way! YOU GO GIRL!!  I have the utmost respect for you and wish you the best in EVERY ONE OF YOUR CHALLENGES. Hugs from Texas.
Hahaha 😝 😂🤢🤮😎 real adventuring!!!!!
wow its just amazing...
This is the 2nd video I am watching of you so take what I say with a grain of salt but you need a buddy out there with you or I think it might help but those are hard to find in my opinion. Anyway great videos so far wish I could do  the same thing seems really fun
Hey maybe something was funky in the stream water that caused you to get an upset stomach? Love your channel!
Trying to do the Wonderland in 3 days -- or even 10 -- just defeats the purpose to me.  But yeah, feel sick after a 25 mile run with a heavy pack at high altitude with little food -- no real surprise there.  Wise choice to return.  Try it again, and give yourself 2 weeks to truly enjoy the experience!
I just stumbled on your posts..... I LOVE THEM AND YOUR DOG!!
Consider this, how many people will try to do what you did? Only a few, you walk amongst the giants of this world, exploring what most would only dream of doing. You did an outstanding job. I don't know you, but I am glad to have stumbled on your channel. As a former Army Mechanized Infantryman, I have many stories of pushing my limits. I never thought that I had any limits but after falling ill from old military injuries, I've been questioning my strength. You inspire me to want to get back to my old self.  With much gratitude, I want to thank you for being, strong, and without question, smart enough to know your limits. We get to see more videos of you because you did the right thing dealing with the time limits that you put on yourself.
The vertical height and it's lack of oxygen is what will kill you. Even just 10,000 feet will slow you down massively.  It is also a really bad idea to do a hike like this solo!
To be very honest you didn't quite, you manage to return back, i couldn't  do half a that and worse sleeping in the middle of the mountain where bears are around, you done it , thats very brave of you.
A stunningly beautiful personal video. Great learning experience for you, me, and others.
Brilliantly executed video. It brings wisdom, honesty and kindness into a crazy world. Thanks for the motivation and good luck.
I know is not a new video but did You find out what was wrong??? Sickness or exaustion or both????
i am certain the going back for the camera woulkd have done it for me
As a boy scout, about 15, I did 50 miles of the wonderland trail. It was in 6 days, was really good, beautiful views, but hard to do. The part I did included chinook pass, which was part on the road, but mostly trail. Was crazy and I can relate.
Turning back was the best solution ever!
Very impressive run! Yes its best to listen to your body!
Women like you inpsire us! Thank you for being honest and sharing your journey with us!
Thank you so much for this honest video.  You inspire me to get out there (and to even quit)   And that its okay.  Theres always tomorrow 🙂
You done real good young lady. Absolutely nothing to regret. Not many have your determination, character, and pure guts that you have. I am beyond impressed. 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I'm 63 and I recently started watching your videos, I don't usually watch these kinds but you're very intriguing and it takes me away from my everyday life. I think I'm hooked on these. Thankyou very much, it heals my anxiety about being bored at times.  Please don't push yourself so hard, or beat yourself up, life is to enjoy and explore and I hope you choose to enjoy. I think you were too hard on yourself on this video ❤️❤️❤️
If it was alritude sickness you could have died.  Always harder to make the decision for self care and def the wiser in this instance!
I promise you we could talk for hours about the experiences we share.  I want to raft the Green river again, and stand behind the waterfall on the highway to the Sun in glacier National Park again and look through it, and drive the Oregon coast again and and stand below St. Elisabeth peak again with a cow elk looking up at us, and hike Devils Castle traverse again , and float Lake Powell again. And on and on. My life has been increadable, but you are a gem
You're amazing 👏
YOU SHOULD ALWAYS LISTEN TO YOUR BODY , SO WELL DONE, I'M ALL FOR PUSHING YOURSELF TO THE LIMIT, BUT THERE COMES A TIME WHEN IT HELPS TO KNOW YOUR LIMIT AND IF YOUR ARE SICK EVAN MORE SO,
GREAT VID, amigo!
Guts to turn around and guts to publish the video. Good for you.
You can try this again. This is not a problem.
You did the right thing. Stay safe
Nice "demonstration" with the dog in the end, when you say "quiting don't make you a looser"
Travelling fast uses food faster. A moderate hiking pace uses food the most efficiently in terms of calories per distance over a period of days.
What's the rush? Enjoy your journey both each event and your life.
I understand you have to record everything, but feeling so bad and making all those takes with different angles, for going to throw up is just a little too much. Please take care of yourself first!
It’s terribly hard, more if you have to record it, going up and down to put cameras here and there, very annoying. I bet you would be able to do it with no cameras, and a more light backpack.
Eva, you are not a loser. You just have to take it eazy sometimes. I think the smart thing to do is turn back around and rest because you are: exhausted 2. sick 3. your viewers care about your wellfare
Btw, that Jarod guy I told you about is not just some random guy, he went to school to become some sort of engingeer so he knows how to design tiny houses, etc. He's a smart guy.
Has anyone ever told you you have alittle of a british accent? it's kinda cute? :P
Did someone put rocks in  your backpaxk? heehee
navy seals are not brave enough to talk about their breaking point; you are.
You're learning...
Strength is, to make the right decisions. You did that well and listened to your body and your reason!
Good journey amazing❤😮😮
EZB: I am very impressed wtih your effort, not because of success vs. failure. If success is based on completion, then some would say failure, but I don't think this. Most people will never take on anything that tests the limits of their ability in any metric. To reach those limits and own up to them is not bad; knowing when to stop simply preserves yourself from decline and injury. If I can take this video at face value, I would say you learned and grew a lot, recognized things about yourself both physical and emotional. Doing this doesn't make anyone a hero, or its opposite should the person not conquer, but think how many are left with never knowing what they could do if the situation demanded. Most are content with the softness, ease and convenience of modern western life, they would all fold like newsprint within 10 miles of such an effort. I am impressed because you took it on, gave it your best, and could recognize when your best reached its limit. Completion was never your personal metric of success; your measure was to keep going with bigger things util you ran into the one you couldn't complete - that's when a person knows what she is made of, and that gets respect. As one of the soft, ease-enjoying masses who has never dared to take on what you have done, I admire you greatly. Greetings from Texas.
It's amazing that you still were willing to run back for you camera, while sick, on the way back. I hope you were at least able to somewhat enjoy the beautiful scenery. Thanks for sharing your adventures.
You left similar video today. Is it just for views and subscriptions?
You have quit because you are just alone in this journey. You have pushed yourself to the limits. Next time bring in a buddy, No man is an island...
Your determination is amazing...may the spirit of the wilderness guide and protect you...by the time I've finished this msg, maybe by now, you have finished your journey...AERO
Wow this is impressive, I’ve only done about 7.8 miles of this particular trail. If you haven’t checked out the Enchantments it’s equally worth it view wise but definitely shorter but incredible :)  It’s never a bad thing to acknowledge when you’re body needs a break…this stuff isn’t easy, and making sure you get home safely and in one piece is much better than the alternative. Climbing Asgard pass in the enchantments on my way up, I witnessed a man fall down the biggest elevation gain rock scramble on his descent due to a minor rock slide…anything can happen especially when you have physically reached a limit, he needed to be helicoptered out. Acknowledging you’re own mortality, and that your safety is the most important is what matters most especially when you’re alone.I do want ti say rainier has rescue teams and if you go with a satellite phone, you can get much faster help. ♥️
♥ Knowing when to quit is a sign of maturity, of confidence in knowing what's best for yourself.
جميل جدا
It's that drastic altitude change that got you. Not so much the amount of uphill (though that didn't help), but more the thinning of the air and lack of oxygen. There's a big difference between quitting and recognizing your limits. What you did was an act of wisdom, not weakness.  The idea of mind over matter can only get you so far before your body just can't anymore. If you had continued, you would have quite possibly died.
How do you take those videos yourself?
Tinggal di besar nya alloh
نتمنى  ان تاتي الى  العراق  دائما  كضيفة وليس سياحة
Hey eva you are very brave dear friend
Hey gorgeous you are so butifull dear friend
I have enjoyed all of your videos, this one more than most. Thank you.
I'm doing a little retake of your latest trip through western America and did a redo of your Mt. Ranier escapade and mountain hiking learning curve. I'm possibly older than your grandparents and have done a lifetime of hiking, mainly in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of California. I had one of those weekends once where I was going to take a little day hike and cross over the Sierra Nevada main ridge. There was no trail, and you find your own way. On the hike I would find and truck along the infamous John Muir-Pacific Crest trail for a certain unknown distance, then cross back over the Sierras where someone would pick me up at a given point. I estimated the day hike at 25 miles, 30 miles max. I estimated the hike time to be 12-14 hours. I started at 5am with a light daypack with energy foods for maybe two meals. Twelve hours later 5pm rolled around and I realized I was hardly halfway through the hike. There was no going back, only forward. I hiked through the night with a few rest stops and now freezing temperatures. Fortunately, there was a full moon and no wind. I did have a light jacket to soften the temps somewhat. I finally made it to my destination at 5am the next morning. My pick up partner assumed that something bad had happened since I normally stick to a plan and am fairly accurate on time. The error was that over 20 miles of switchbacks along the way were unaccounted for on the trail maps. My "little" hike was over 50 miles. I was in my late 50s at the time and was still learning, sometimes the hard way. I laugh about it now in my late 70s, but it was hell at the time. I fully respect what you are doing. Keep up the good work. (I'm the guy who named a Bristlecone Pine tree after you, Eva. We'll never know, but I swear I found a tree that has a bigger trunk and therefore is probably older than the tree, Methuselah, which is the oldest known living element on planet Earth, @ 4600+ years, in the Bristlecone Pine forest of the White Mountains of California. I'm the only person in the world who knows where it is. So, Shhhhh! Don't tell anyone!)
There was nothing wrong with having to stop doing something because of your health.  I know we would all rather see you safe and not be able to finish something than to possibly put your life at serious risk.
Sounds like your really growing up.
good choice! I backpack too and unfortunately have been in that same situation a couple times now. it's def not a fun one to be in. glad you made it back safe and hope you got some good rest.
Wow! This is attempting an ultramarathon while carrying a heavy backpack at high elevation which would be crazy enough at ground level. You are superhuman to even try it.
......you could always try it another time......what do your instincts tell you.....
...should have brought the poles you could have crossed water safer....
......ive seen Rainer from the north and the south view...its spectacular.....
Ur a champion for sure awsome flic ur so inspiring
I think the no quitting mindset is for people that tend to give up on life. Be careful with pushing yourself too far as an already very motivated and ambitious person. You undoubtely made the right decision here, and you already know that🫰 these videos are so well done... really give great perspective and provoke thought
There is a failure in wrecking your body. Men are built differently. Women are built to do things men dont do. There is no glory in ignoring your better angels. Even Navy Seals know how to listen to their instincts and it has saved many lives by doing that. It is their mission to save lives, not to run around a mountain for a vlog.  I have personally suffered for each time I ignored that "something's off".  And that can rob you of all the rest of life's adventures, some of which you cannot even imagine now. If there happened to be a Grizzly around the bend....well, they are territorial and you would not outrun that bear.
How dangerous  perfectionism is
I respect that you tried as few people would.  I respect you because you knew when to quit instead of trying to beat death.  I did many strenous things when young too.  But i knew when to stop, go recover at home.  Try another day after learning how to do better next time.  Or not.  I have come to your channel after seeing the start of your Texas videos on another channel by a guy named Kabir from England who was watching you.  His channel is called Kabir Considers.
You have learned a very difficult lesson, one that perfectionists often never learn. That is, you and your well trained body are NOT infallible. Once tgat wisdom is mastered, you will be able to set reasonable limits--not wild and crazy unreachable goals. Way to go girl!
You did what 99.9% of us would never even think of! I'm 66 so those days are past. Now it's now like 10 miles then the Hilton. You did your absolute best and you're alive to talk about. You could tell the altitude was getting to you.
Ok I'm hooked, this video was amazing...! Such beautiful scenery & to have such drive, but knowing when something doesn't feel right...
Eva I love u so much
Hey have u evr been to India?? Odisha ?? Mayurbhanj?? Bhubaneswar ?? Cuttack?? Koraput?? Pottangi Block?? OAV kotia?? Come explore ...🎉
Watching your videos while on vacation, enjoy!
Legs are more reliable than a Land Rover.
“” yes and then i shall Roll about in the brush,,  Trashing myself  w/reeds Screaming,, “ krish,,na, krishna ,, krishna😂😂😂❤❤❤❤
Eva, I can say as an ex-military man, you are making military training look easy, jogging all that distance with the heavy pack, even if you didn't go all the way.  (I don't see that as a "failure".)  Your fitness level is still way beyond what the military usually requires.  (I was in the USAF and almost joined the RAF as well.)  Maybe the UK or US military should watch your trekking videos for inspiration and life lessons.  Especially the women in the military that are trying to show the men that they are just as capable.  Maybe one day you will be better prepared and think of doing it again, maybe not.  It doesn't matter.  What matters is that is was still a life changing experience.  You certainly inspired me.  Trek on, sister!
You are my hero. You got back safe -- that's the most important win of them all. You didn't lose anything and you taught us, your viewers, a great lesson about strength, about endurance, and about being smart enough to know your own limits. Thank you.
Hi Eva, in case you still see this comment, your swollen fingers are actually indicative of hyponatremia, i.e. lack of salt. At severe levels it can be just as debilitating as dehydration, and confusingly drinking more water will make it worse.
411eerdse312111111klarte311c1111121111113121111111111111111111114555sderrr345666uz0890lorze Cameron hat er auch nicht zu
123222awesssyse333444345444 123222awesssyse333444345444 Cameron hat er auch nicht zu viel für den zu viel zu tun hatte sich das nicht zu viel für den zu viel zu viel für den zu viel für den zu viel für den zu viel zu tun hatte sich das Leben zu nehmen und dann auch nur ein Mensch ist es auch möglich die sich mit der sich das nicht zu viel für den zu viel zu tun hatte sich das nicht zu viel für den zu viel zu viel für den zu viel für den zu viel für den zu viel zu tun hatte sich das Leben zu nehmen und dann auch nur ein Mensch ist es auch möglich die sich
I have no experience with this kind of thing but when your rush things and you put a time limit on something that is supposed to be enjoyable, it probably won't be. Do it for the joy of it and for as long as it's fun, it's not a race.
This wonderfull place isn't made for runnig and hurrying anyway. It is for made engoying it, for taking time, for meditating... a place like this isn't made for showing yourself and others how much your body and mind can take, it is made to nourish the soul.
To me you are a sister and I am very proud of you.
Sometimes quitting is the most important. You are my hero. Wisdom is to know when to quit and when not to. Everything else is pardon my language everything else is bulshit.
At first I thought your videos were about the discovery of places and people, but this video cements that all of it is clearly about you discovering yourself.  Was great to see you make a tough call and forgive yourself for it.  Well done.
Girl, you are for entertainment, for showing us the real life of that activity, not to prove yourself to anyone else. You ran until you reach *your* limit and that's enough to prove you reached your maximun to yourself. If you get injured, no one here would be able to get to you, nor the rescue service of the city, so, if you're getting a bit off, feeling you shouldn't keep going or about to get in danger, listen to your intuition 'cause it can salve your life. Trust me, we prefere our beloved Eva quitting, but alive and feeling healthy than injuried or worst. Forget those guys who always put on a faked perfect life 'cause I bet if they were in your shoes, they would quit and don't show the truth to anyone. No, your video didn't make anyone avoid to try, just make them understand two *very* important things: It's okay to quit and they should prepare to all the issues you showed up before going to their adventures. So it kind of saved their butts LOL You're doing great and I simply *adore* all your videos. Thanks for being you and true to yourself and us
Amen 🙏 Thank u for this video 😊
Actually can and do break down you’re nervous system
Yes and youve been there done that
Oh yes i see youre mumbhas pinned youre name on youre pack, jolly good dear😂😂😂😂
Yes bear spray!!!
Ms. Eva you are far too hard on yourself.  Remember that sometimes a goal can change and that sometimes trying is enough.  Ask yourself truly, what is good enough, are my goals truly reasonable and achievable?  Why is this so important to me and can I try again?  Thank you for sharing the beauty of the trail you did run and thank you for being kind to your body and for keeping yourself safe so that we can enjoy your future adventures.
Take care of yourself if you don’t you will start feeling discouraged 😍😍
Philosophical, meaningful, and poetic.
Thank you for sharing.
If you think that was tiring have some kids, they will ware you down faster then you ever thought possible.
Your insight is amazing. When your talking us through your experiences you also share with us what you're thinking and feeling and that makes these videos so interesting and sincere. Thank you for being so great at telling your stories.
A looser is one who doesn't quit when the body says you must. Otherwise you may not have the chance to not quit again.
I'm old, cranky, creaky and retired. Your youth and exuberance is inspiring and, at the same time, annoying. I did mention being cranky. Good luck with everything.
The Navy Seal thing...?   Don't forget what a Seal is preparing himself for....hands down the most horrific thing known to us humans ... and animals too...that is WAR.   Why would a regular person a world away from war push himself as if every second your life is at risk.  That would be psychotic...wouldn't it?   I am so great full for the warrior type.  The world needs them desperately and I don't want to do it.  That being said, the thing I like most about PEACE is you can relax and do the things that You Are doing.   I love your videos ... and your dog.   Good going Eva and good luck.
Someone ever told you that you sometimes sound like Bear Grills?🤣🤣
You should experience the Oregon Country Fair in Veneta, Oregon.   2nd weekend in July every year
Eva, you did the right thing listening to your body. I read and watched hiker's that continued on in there quest only to have something bad happen and needing to be rescued. I 👏applaud you🙃
Paraphrasing—I want to reclaim that (part that is gentler, kinder to myself)—Wise and brilliant!
Nice to see STROOPWAFELS. It's a really nice thing from The Netherlands :)
You can't experience success, without experiencing failure.  To embrace both is being human and the only way we can learn and advance.
God bless you !! Love
Gurl, you need to eat better if you want to make so hard challenges. Makes my body scream to see you pushing with those nutrients (based in you general eating habits).
As someone who has spent a lot of times outdoors, I think if you had continued while feeling unwell, you could have needed a rescue.  Being solo compounded your risks.  Moving on, would have been a unwise decision.   I do not see this as quitting.  I see this as good judgement.  You are alive to experience more beauty and life.  You had the supplies to take 2 days to return even.  It was the right decision.  You are wise.  You are strong to follow your inner self instead of outside pressures.
Thank you for sharing your thoughts with your audience 🙏
I'm a former special unit police officer and vet of two branches of the military. THE hardest thing to do is listen to yourself and drowned out the squelch, usually coming from other people, or society or pride. Mental toughness INCLUDES knowing when to say when. You, my friend, are tougher and smarter than most hard asses I've known. You do you and press on. You're doing great and I, for one, admire you.
Thank you for your effort and courage and most of all your HONESTY. That is a very rare and precious commodity that is lacking in this world. What you think that you may of lost by not completing the trail you made up for with finding the truth within yourself, which makes much stronger and a better person.
As a hiker with mild asma that grew up around good old mt rainier i can tell you those changes in elevation can kick your ass. I did a hike once that went up 1000 feet in a mile. Most of western washington is mountainus. We dont really do flat.
God bless you, Eva.  I'm so inspired by you.  You have a natural sweetness and inner strength to along with your physical strength.  Kudos to you!  Peace!
amazing video your weakness convert to your strength
Running begins with a dream of the finish. Wisdom arises when the mind responds to the genuine signals of our limit. Responding to the incoming information is wise. Stopping is not failing, as failing is ignoring reality. This was a great success!
I only recently found your channel and I am really enjoying it. In this case, you made the right decision to turn around. You were not feeling well, and low on food and fuel. You did good, had you continued, others may have been put at risk to come to your aid. You are one tough young lady! And, come back to Texas, you ain't seen nothin, yet! :)
School of hard knocks will make you a better person in the end. It's always good to reevaluate our selfs to see if we're happy with who we're becoming. It's how we grow.
it's not quitting, it's a rational decision , even a seasoned trained person would have trouble with that distance. You accomplished so much that returning after you achieved so much is a blessing, not a disgrace.
I support your decision. Thank you for the honest, sincere release!
Eva, by turning back you lived to try another day.  You discussion is a great lesson for anyone who takes on great challenges where survival hangs in the balance.  Don't ever let your ego kill you.
I’m glad you made this video, I think you made a wise and mature decision to turn around because things could have gone downhill pretty quick when the body isn’t cooperating. I don’t see you as a quitter at all!
Everything happens for a reason, glad you decided to turn back before things got worse or you ran into a bear while alone, sick, and tired.
I'm not going to pretend I know anything about ultra endurance sports or ultra anything as I sit comfortably in my chair watching your amazing videos, that isn't the point of this post.   You mentioned the books on Navy Seals and the discussions with others on Patreon, but I think you might be missing the most important aspects of the video.  The most important part of these videos... is you and the story that you are telling, no the story that you are sharing.  We do not watch your videos to see you succeed or watch you conquer yet another amazing feat.  It's - you - we are watching.  The other stuff is just icing on the cake.   Life is difficult and keeping that "life" to yourself is so much easier than sharing it with....   anyone and everyone.  Don't fear what others might think (I don't think you do), fear what you think of yourself and let that guide your decisions.  We are just along for - your - ride and the inspiration that you provide with each and every story that you share.
There’s a difference between quitting in a life or death circumstance such as in a military context and quitting in an instance like this where it’s an elective activity AND you are ill…
Good for you, just good for you.
I'm going to drown in my tears if I keep watching your posts. You keep it up, please.
Love you Ewa ❤
Even Hiking the wonderland trail is already a big dream! It's a grueling trail, definitely a good decision to not become a reason for helicopter rescue operation!
My god. 25 thousand feet is really high and the altitude will make you sick if you don't take your time.. Please be safe..
En mi humilde opinión necesitas pollo y pescado.
You did NOT have a Big Foot sticker on your water bottle while camping alone in the woods! 😲 Of course I took so much more from this video than that but I was so focused and concerned about your well being that the Big Foot sticker was a bit of comic relief. You are a winner in this video hands down. What an amazing growth experience for you and by sharing the video, you help me to grow too!  Thank you!
Eva,,,!!!  Bring the bear spray!! You will be sleeping outside dear!!!  There are cougars too !.Yikes!  Why do you kill yourself??? You were woozy from the thin air up there. Slow down,enjoy kiddo! I do respect your abilities and envious of the landscape you saw, for my cameras would have been clicking at every view .LOL I have been freelancing since 1983. Smart lady,you turned back and probably avoided a crisis healthwise. Thank you! Heh.
Altitude can be/IS a challenge.
I can't find anywhere else to leave this question, but what do u have against MLK day?
That’s awesome. My respect. You’re exploring your boundaries, finding out what you’re made of. And this type of movement is total military domain. People in the military do distances like this after working up to it, this is no joke.
As a scout leader taking 14 year old scouts on their 55-milers, we always try to keep packs around 35lbs. Also packing out at 6AM and knocking off at 2PM, saves energy.   We never run, due to threat of injury and hydrate often. I didn't watch the whole video but when I saw this woman running haphazardly down rocky trails, I had seen enough. She also seemed dehydrated at the end. Not a mystery why she blew out her O-ring.
Great video and authenticity! I climbed Mount Fuji in a day when I was stationed in Japan, as part of the Navy.  I was in my 20s.  I suffered heavy altitude sickness at the summit.  I was fine when once I came down, but it was so hard emotionally.  There is nothing wrong with your decision. Props to you for this video!
“Experience is a brutal teacher, but you learn. My God, do you learn." ~C.S. Lewis
What you were experiencing was altitude sickness.  The nausea and feeling sick - those are the signs.  It is life threatening, turning around may have saved your life.
Why ?
Hello Eva....new subscriber to your channel and have been immensely enjoying your vids. I gotta be honest, I truly was uncomfortable with the title you chose for this clip....as you learned, realizing that you've changed/grown into a different personality type doesn't make you a quitter. "I Grew" may have been a solid choice and, just my opinion, feel that it captures precisely what you experienced. My personal background in law enforcement/security has allowed me to become friends with a few individuals to whom you made reference....shooting buddies if you will. Two are former Navy Seal operators and two are former Delta or "CAG" operators. Trust me when I share that these folks are practically beyond human comprehension when it involves accomplishing a task. That's why less than 1% of the population at large goes on to become members of these organizations.....and that's Ok. The rest of us will go on to grow and develop in other areas. Wishing you happy, healthy and safe journeys ahead  🙂🙂
Your Peak Design Capture Clip is mounted "upside down" on your backpack strap. Why is that? You like it better that way? No worry about your camera falling out? Thank you!!!
"Broken bones or impending death the only valid excuses to stop" ouch I really feel this..... especially because I broke two bones in my left arm in the last 2 years My whole life my instinctive inner voice says "must keep going, must be productive".... been working so hard on changing this mentality. Wonderful video, thanks so much for your courage, and realness. It's very inspiring, and encouraging. 🙏🏼🙂🕉💜🧘🏽‍♀️ xoxo
You didn't quit, you won the war within your own mind. Next time walk and smell the roses. Hope you keep posting it's been fun watching your adventures.
You did great 👍, a lot better than I ever could
Please turn around so many people died out there every year even real real real experience campers and hikers died out there every year, please turn around
I just started watching this and you keep saying that you're going to run this 90-mile 95 Mile trail, oh my God I used to live in Washington state I used to look at Mount Ranier all the time and I never went on that trail but I sure would never have tried to jog it or even fast walk it, poor poor silly girl I guess I'm going to have to watch this
I admire your tenacity and ambition, but in this one case I have to question your judgement a bit.  Had you been training for a few months, or had another person with you, it would have made more sense. It is very hard on your body to do huge exertion like Mt. St. Helens, the driving for days, then another huge exertion.  That said, what you did was amazing, and you found that with age comes wisdom!  I assume that you registered with your plans so they could come get you if you were injured or came to other harm, and you had a satellite device.  There are very small power banks available for emergencies.   Otherwise, you are rather amazing,  Free but unsolicited advice for the future, carry a Go Pro, they are amazing and editing will fix any perceived shortcomings.  Stopping short of a goal is a good thing if it preserves your health, and stopping short of Venezuela should be among your best decisions to look back on.  I doubt you can travel all the way thru Chili, but it would be safer in most ways.
I would never attempt this by myself.  Not only do I not have the physical strength, I bore myself.  Every long distance travel experience I've had, I've enjoyed with others.  I'm so glad you got back safely!!!  You still covered a significant distance through a sublime landscape.  Thank you for these vlogs.  I learn so much and am inspired by them.  I loved your vlogs on the marathons you completed in Irbil and Socotra.  You were running a long distance with others, and I enjoy the kind spirited community of runners and spectators.  Best Wishes to you and Vilk in your travel adventures.
No hiking poles??
What mountain is this...
Health comes first, body needs rest, always another day, balance is needed.
I was rooting for you to quit once you realized you felt sick, but I thought you'd take the 2 daze you had left to retrace the one day endurance run... Instead, you decided to return in the one day too, which is a bit crazy IMO!
Was part of your feeling not great some altitude sickness ?
There are plenty of stories of hikers who die falling or die from hypothermia and exhaustion. We don't need another. You were wise and now are alive. BTW, navy seal trainees sometimes die from the training.
You seem very wise for being so young. This is a very powerful message.
A good video. Glad I am going back in your posts. 06/02/2023
Also is she talking directly to Jocko or is that just me🤣
Does anyone know what shoes she's wearing? *new and enthralled subscriber here*
Thank you for your REAL experience. You are SENSIBLE and did the right thing.
Turkish
Turkish
Where is your doggie?
This is good, quitting is not a loser. Settings a silly standard that's why when we are not able to meet the standard and we will felt loser and becoming depressed and this create so many depression. Please don't go so hard on own self
this is the first video of yours that i sow…you are not a quitter, actually you are amazing human being! keep up❤
can you give us a list of all of the food you took with you?
Life is not a destination.   It's an experience.   And the decision to go out and back was the experience, this time.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Look at all of the exercise you got, and the beautiful scenery you enjoyed that only .0001% of people will ever get to see going even that distance.    The experience you might have avoided, and you'll never know, could have been a bad or even life-threatening experience, had the trip continued under sickness.   Hats off to your intellect that comes with maturity and...  life experience.     SIDE NOTE:   I lived in Washington State for 20 years and have gone on many back-country trips.   I've hiked from both the Sunrise and Paradise sides of Rainer.    Absolutely breathtaking.    Days trips were good enough on those.     Cheers to you Eva.   P.S (first time watching your channel).   Awesome.
I must say-- I don't get the running bit. And least with a heavy backpack. You were in one of the most beautiful places on earth, with excellent weather (somewhat rare on Rainier) and time to enjoy the views, the solitude, the beauty of it all.  10 to 14 days is the usual time needed to hike the Wonderland Trail. Doing it in a week would be rushed. But three days? Delusional or masochistic. I'm glad your better angels made the right call. You've got to remain fit and clear headed on such a long, arduous hike. What if a bear had found your food? What if you had crossed paths with a mountain lion or aggressive bear. You'd need a clear head. You'd need muscle response.  Finally, running with a heavy backpack up and down rocky trials increases the wear and tear on your body unnecessarily, possibly resulting in injury leading to permanent damage. For heaven's sake. Save something for the next day, week, year, decade. Your videos are very well made. I greatly admire your pluck.
Marie and I have done a lot of hikes in the East Coast (of America). The Appalachian Trail. We have also read the books that talk about NOT quiting, but while watching this video...we were saying "for your safety, you HAVE to turn back." In our eyes, you didn't quit. You did what your body said was all that you could do on THAT adventure. It's okay.   Now, if you had had another person with you (buddy hiking), maybe that would have been enough to motivate you to PUSH through your struggles. BUT, ulitimately...it STILL would have been YOUR decision...and there really isn't wrong answer in this narrative.  We plan things...and then we try to execute them. Marie and I are wondering...if/when you are in America...again...would you consider "trying it again?" Not thinking of it as a failure, but seeing the adventure of "doing it" with a clearer perspective. Running/hiking up hill...is no joke. The backpack (no matter how light you could try to make it) was a factor. Running/hiking unencumbered makes a massive difference.  We've done many hikes/runs individually and as a team...and we haven't always achieved our goals. We've had to stop and turn around. We loved how you "allowed" yourself to experience this feeling. It is another aspect of life that is worth experiencing. We are SO happy that you decided to publish this to the world (us, especially).  You are not a quiiter. You did what had to be done. We do NOT think any less of you NOW than we did BEFORE this video. In fact, we have gotten to know the TRUE you. And we feel blessed that you were willing to share this. Thank you.  We are new to your channel, but now we feel we've become a part of a good community that is supportive and ONLY wants your best.  Thank you...for this.  PS - you have the BEST thumbnails. This one, especially "captured the moment". We've been there (not THERE there, but in our own adventures). Thank you for being YOU.
You are inspiring me to be fearless
No bear spray! It’s not just grizzlies you have to worry about
Take Kenny Roger's song. "The Gambler" coz that's what you did.
So proud of you for knowing when to quit.
Sometimes our body rebels, and doesn't explain itself. On the odd occasion that happens, the goal changes to getting out alive.  You can't try again if you're dead or so injured that trying again is prohibitively dangerous. It's ok to regret if it means you can try again later, but you can't regret if you're dead.
Good thing, she didn’t listen to the Mr. Ballin podcast about the guy hiking at Mount Rainier, and some stranger in the woods, would yell out in the middle of the night, asking the hiker if he knew where Bells Canyon was😳
Eh, I think the "navy seal" message was useful regardless.  It pushed you to your limit.  We all have different limits, and that's ok.  But few will actually test those limits.  You gave yourself a challenge that only a minsicule portion of the population could even imagine, much less try.  And it was too much.  Fair enough.  Still, you did the better part of a marathon and a half, unsupported, in elevation.  How many have accomplished that?  How many even theoretically could?  Hard to say, because few have truly tested their limits.  What's real is that you did, and your limit is well beyond what most people will manage, and I personally feel that your attitude was key in fostering the determination that made it possible.  You failed to acheive your goal, sure, but by setting a ridiculously ambitious goal, and by having the attitude that quitting is for losers, you nevertheless acheived a serious feat that most of the masses could hardly imagine.
Hi Eva. I just found you on YouTube. I have a great deal of respect and envy for you at the same time. You are doing things I have wanted, but never had the courage to do. Turning back was probable the hardest, but also the best decision you made for the entire trek. The sick feeling you were felling was quite possibly altitude oxygen deficiency. It can be fatal. Turning back was the right thing to do. I look at several of your videos and wish I had been brave enough to try so many of your adventures.
I've mountain biked for 28 years... I always turn around when I feel like it. I listen to my body and the environment 100% of the time. The mountains are too dangerous not to.
You are human and need to listen to your body.  You made the correct choice to turn back.  You still did 2/3rds of the distance. Hurting yourself or risking worse is never worth it.  When doing a Triathlon I chose to stop after being injured in the swim portion.  I also had to get help and stop when a friend had issues on a Century ride. Both times were hard after all the training and just plain ego. Made the right choice both times. Love your journey and glad you are smart and reduce your risks when you can.  We enjoy Overlanding and I have learned some new perspectives after watching your channel.
I don't know if anyone else has told you this, but I stumbled across your videos and watch them because I love the outdoors (lucky enough to be able to purchase and live inside of a Wildlife Refuge), but also because I wanted to learn "sole production" video-making, and yours are the best I've ever seen: Nothing but masterful "amateur" composition (pacing, camera-angling, "musical incense") and editing unfolds in these video gems.    I see no wasted words (no "verbal fat"), and I am casually enchanted by your unpretentious musings.  Your "scene" choices and thematic flow, your matter-of-fact, "ease on down the road" attitude and evocations -- precisely the "magic carpet ride" techniques deployed in books and films that earn my respect.  Hell, you've even included this, a classic "trials and tribulations" chapter in a longer story arc -- the story of you, Eva, a rare and valuable gift to the rest of us.  And it all seems to flow so naturally from you!  Bravo!
Funny... at 14.08 I heard an elk bugle.
This women is an absolute champion! 👏👏👏👏
I love this video and am so glad you not only turned back but also shared your life lesson. I had altitude sickness for the first time this past summer around Yosemite and Lake Tahoe. It’s weird and unexpected, but very real and no joke.
Hello again I see how you work lol brilliant you have me hooked now I will be watching your channel. By the way I think you are amazing and I have been to lots of places and known some incredible people you are definitely amazing Bill Taylor
Remember: Military training is for killing. You need to train for living a beautiful life. That takes courage to love yourself all the way through the challenges. You have conquered much more than most. Be proud of your achievements.
A wise decision is never defeat. Next time give yourself 5 days and really enjoy the wilderness. Sometimes in pursuit of goals we rush by the wonderful lessons universe has for us. If you were feeling well pushing forward would have been fine. When not well go with wisdom and come back another day when you’re strong.
Eva, another life lesson learned, so much wisdom passed on to all of us!  Always listen to what your mind and body are telling you.  Trust your feelings they are always the correct answer.   Thank you!!
Good decision on turning back! We don't want you to go missing. Do you think the altitude Got to you? Trying to hurry A trip like that Leads to more anxiety And oxygen consumption. Do you think the food you chose had any effects? After seeing how cold and miserable you were, It made me hungry for some warm polish stuffed cabbage and mashed potatoes :) Keep it up, you're 1 tough woman!
Bravo. There's a reason the best climbers and alpinists often take more than one attempt to conquer a "project". Common sense intervenes.
A time and place for that...
Why do we do these things ? To enjoy it. I used to occasionally hike up a Munro here in Scotland with my stepdaughter which I enjoyed, until I didn’t, so now I just do gentle rambles.  One step beyond isn’t always enjoyable, and isn’t that the point.
The baby in the crib goes whaa whaa.
Quitting does NOT make you a loser, in your situation it was the wise choice. That mountain will most likely be there for another attempt, get better and come back again. It shows intelligence on your behalf to know when to turn back while you still can, remember you are hiking solo and risk management is foremost. Safe trails and keep up the good work.
This is what you do when you don't value your life. There can be an accident happening (slipping and spraining your ankle, being bitten by a snake, a bear taking you by surprise) and you're all alone, no phone signal, no one to save you. This is how many ppl who hike alone end up disappearing for good or losing their life... And for what? For you own ego? To feel good about yourself??? That must be a heck of an ego... At least you had the minimum common sense to not continue. But even so it was a reckless intention from the start. Young people just don't realize in how much danger the put themselves, my gosh! It's true what they say, that the more you get old, the more brain you get.
Good to listen to your body.  I wouldn't call it quitting. You're being realistic.
You are amazing
One of the most inspiring and teachable experiences I’ve seen. Kick ass job!
I think there is any big difference between quiting and realizing you bit off more than you can chew.
What about the Dog?
Smart move to turn back, thanks for sharing.
Probably the best thing  to do in a life is to know thyself.  Even those who care for others as a profession need to know and apply self care.  The global pandemic is doing just that, giving humanity as a whole the opportunity for self reflection and enjoying nature is still on the table as well.
Three dinners? That doesn’t look like a good SNACK
Making a safety decision based on the circumstances is the best decision.
Not that it would help on this trip, but the issue more than anything is SALT.  You need to get salt about 1 to 2 grams and you also need to put salt under your tongue to prevent nausea.   This is regardless of any sick you may have etc.    Your body throws off Chloride Ion when you start throwing up!   Salt replaces it fast.  Your running made you sweat off salt!
The fact that you went on this trip for 3 days and 2 nights with no bear spray, your mad. The lord Jesus was watching over you.
Next time do the Appalachian Trail.
Good call. It’s not a contest or a war. You were on the trip for fun and adventure, not to brutalize your body, mind, and spirit. If you hadn’t said your body was OK I thought you might’ve picked up a water-borne parasite.
Eva, you have reached a good point in your life. You are starting to realize that vanity was ruling your life, and now it is time to acknowledge humility. It happens to everyone, yes even the mighty Navy seals! They too run out of gas and must stop and get their wits about them--and eat some good food! So don't feel like you have failed and from this video it is clear that you know that. Now you can live within the boundaries that you know are you. That is a very big victory in life. I'm a disabled person in my mid-60s and if people try to give me any guff about the way my life is, they can go get stuffed. I don't care if they like it or not! They are the ones with the problems, not people like you and me. 😎
Quit beating yourself up. It's a good thing you did quit. You could have died & who would know? Good job.
You can be the strongest person in the world, but you're weak if you can't accept your limits. Never be afraid to give up, be proud of trying. This is not a quit, it's a learning experience. Making the smart choices is what makes you strong.
Wow all I can say is your tough, I watched the full video and I think your more in confident  yourself than 99% of the people on this planet . thanks for the video. I love in Washington state and if you plan on walking that trail you allow a week.
Explore more of CANADA....the 2nd. largest country in the world. We have one tenth the population of the USA and , consequently , a lot more natural pristine landscapes. We are also a lot SAFER than the US. Come see our Canadian Rockies , the Praries , Musoka just north of Toronto , PEI and Atlantic Canada.... just for starters. Canada beckons.
This was a great video. I have also been a certified remote emt. In fact, I was trained not far from from Mount Rainier and the in the middle of winter. I almost had to stop watching until I saw the inkling that you were going to make the right decision. Going solo like you did is a real mind game and you played it well. I never saw you quit. I saw you be flexible and change your goal when it was prudent. You are right to be proud of yourself. After all, you ran for two days instead of three when it was the smart choice. Well done!
“To everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven.” Ecclesiastes 3:1-8  Part of those wise words say a time to break down and a time to build up! As a human being, and in particular as a woman, I cannot tell you how proud I was to watch this incredible video! Absolutely amazing how strong you are! And, thanks for the trip! I will never get to do those things so I love going 36:37 along for the ride.🙂
woozy and dizzy  is elevation sickness if i had to guess.
Lack of oxygen is what is happening.
You are weak because of the elevation there is a reason planes have pressurised cabins  above 10,000 ft
You may have been experiencing altitude sickness. I  have experienced that on Pikes Peak. There's nothing you can do about it except to go back down. Knowing when to go back is called good judgment. Remember this -- athletes don't live as long as everyone else. Running a marathon? The first person who did that collapsed and died when he got to Athens from Marathon so why does everyone say, "let's run a marathon." It's utterly stupid in my opinion.   Also you may  have been dehydrated. That's why you needed to throw up. I have experienced that as well.
fun thing about ultras... if you hit a low spot... you should probably eat. :)
First, bravo for a great perspective on this issue. This could do a lot of positive things for young people who expect recognition for no more than participating. Next, as a father, I feel the need to scold you for leaving the bear spray behind. Third, after watching your channel, I wonder how you fund your travels. Is it all income from Patreon and YouTube or are you an heiress? I'm not obsessed, but kinda crushing on you.
I say a big loud b.s! This was a made-for-youtube drama. Just think about it for a bit, it just doesnt make sense that she actually sincerely thought she could do this. The terrain, altitude, not having trained-up with a backpack, she's smart enough to realize it would not be possible in her level of conditioning.
I have to question if you really intended to finish that route. You are too smart and realize that you are not a mountaineer, which that route would require one to be. You'd have to train daily with a backpack on incredibly tough terrain--at altitude--for a year before you'd be close to being ready. I'm sure you must have known that.
You have nothing to regret. You’ve accomplished more than over 7 billion people will ever dream of doing. We must do what we enjoy while we can because the body will let us know went it’s time to begin a different adventure. I didn’t start scuba diving until age forty, but there  will be a day when I will be thankful for the memories. That’s life. Thank you for all the places you have shown us.
I live about an hour away from that mountain. It still takes my breath away.
I just found your channel. I watched a few video's and am really glad you posted this. I'm disabled and there is something you learn pretty fast when your disabled. You don't push past hard limits. That is a limit your body can't do. When you do you hurt yourself. Soft limit is something you should always push thru. Hard limits is when your body says it's done. Soft limits is when mind says its done and you don't want to endure anymore even when you know you can. That is when you quit. I would consider what you did as hitting a hard limit of your body, then listening to it and being smart making it back without hurting yourself. I wish I would have listened the first or second time my body told me hey this is it. If you don't listen pain comes after. I pushed myself one time just trying to get to work that my legs gave out and I couldn't walk stable again without an operation. It's best to stay safe.
I maybe able to do 1k with that backpack that you have. You are a superhero.
I am soooo..... happy she went back & made it back....many don't whether your dreaming of being a frontier pioneer, living " off grid" or a run away or kidnapped a lot of people find themselves in these positions and get stuck & die and get eaten or the body is rotted or never recovered, my personal experience with elevation/altitude sickness was different however, I became so acclimated to higher elevations that 1 day my Mom decides we're going to visit my sister in the city, well let's just say 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢 it was my first experience and not a pleasant one, so thank you for making it back, sincerely.
To me this looks & sounds sooooooo much like ELEVATION SICKNESS...... Speaking from experience......most athlete's think they can handle it & then *BAMMM**** Zapped energy, nausea, disoriented, feeling "" hung over "" trouble recovering/recooperating....... nasty business especially if you don't account for it & know how to counter act it.
Hello everyone watching from Baguio City Philippines
Everest is littered with the bodies of people who never quit. I'm glad you had the strength of mind to turn back. I lost friends on K2 who didn't. Good girl. ❤
I think it is cool that older women try to push themselves.
I remember....did it starting and ending @ Sunrise and clockwise back in '94....except we took our time and enjoyed a 9 day excursion in which we met so many fun people/parties. I think the shortest day was 4 mi....and our longest day was 14 mi....mucho up & down! Suspension bridges, evening vistas, pure water and high alpine gardens! Something my buddy and I'll remember forever. Walking around these volcanos is better than summiting them I agree! New sub....thanks for your content....peace from Kalispell!
Really appreciated the experience sharing here. 1. Just being fit enough to do Ultras is amazing. My own experience is Kili, while unfit, and inexperienced but with a great group + support team. 2. Elevation sickness was a factor when I climbed luckly we had a team of local climbers that provided the support. The fauna in the video probably not alpine desert yet, but the shock to the system is likely still similar. (also I can't imagine doing it solo) 3. Listening to your body is so important. BTW, I also can't imagine doing the distance in 1 day. Good on you for sharing the experience. I believe all the creator on video platforms have a teaching element. How to, Why do, etc etc, but personal experience, and sharing it, put it in one of the top vidoes I have watched on this platform. Always do it only for yourself. Took me 30 years to learn this.
Simply impressive!
You're amazing!
You don’t know me I don’t know you. But you’re posting this video I think is so important to anyone who has goals and wants to strive to complete them. We are human and we cannot always do what our mind set out for us to do. There’s nothing to be ashamed of, and the fact that you posted it shows how much of a confident woman/person you are. As someone who’s older than life, ha ha, there are so many things I feel I can do, that do to life I just can’t. ALWAYS better to share a decision to stop than be found as a bear snack. Great job and greater message
You run because hiking isn't challenging enough. I hate running.
i just wanted to address a couple issues you may have encountered when you mentioned you had been feeling weak despite drinking and eating. high altitude (altitude sickness) can hit those accustomed to sea level or near sea level environments much harder than those who've acclimated themselves to high altitude first. it takes a few months of living in a high altitude environment for your body to adequately increase your red blood cell count appropriately to carry enough oxygen throughout your system. to combat this you can take iron supplements. i know you are vegetarian, but beef jerky is a very good go to for the high protein and mineral content as well. by the time you get a mile above sea level, the effects of altitude sickness can sneak up on you very quickly, even when you seem to be pumping enough food, fluids, and electrolytes. the problem comes where if any one of those things gets out of balance, it can exacerbate the effects of altitude very quickly and you can suddenly find yourself incapacitated much faster than you thought possible. be careful out there. you made the right choice in stopping when you did.
Another tip is to wear a bell of some kind or something that clangs together to make noise. Bears will hear that approaching and will run away. Mostly.
Inspiring lady, i felt the emotion and turmoil you went through. Thank you for posting :)
It was an ambitious plan, and looks to me like it was the altitude and over-exertion. Your planned trip to do in three days is something I would have planned to do in seven days, with no running.
The military and police call it a tactical retreat.   Live to fight another day.
You are incredible strong! You listened to your gut instinct. What if you had gotten to the other side of the mountain and needed help and people had to fly in and get you and risked their own life’s. Or no one could get to you and you risked death. You absolutely did the right thing. By showing this you are teaching people by example to listen to their bodies and gut that could save their life! Thank you for posting this! You are winning with Mother Nature! This is how true outdoorsmen survive  in nature. Even though you didn’t complete the course you still won! I absolutely love your channel! Inspiring me to get outside and run! 💗💗💗
The opening of this video made me feel like a loser but the end made me see possibilities. “Quitting” helped you and me.
a video is a must for my kids.  the lessons u learned and now can be imparted to others is precious. continuing on wud have been a very poooor message to others and ur achieving ur original goal wud leave one a shallow feeling knowinng u wud have achieved a goal not worth achieving....instead u set a goal that, although not intended, that was one of self actualization and true growth that can be so hard to attain.  u created a very poignant story worthy of teaching any person a myriad of life philosophies.  d not know but Call of the wild comes to mind.   u have a natural gift and have shared this treasure with us.  THANK YOU, so very much.
If I were marooned alone on Mars in a self sustaining colony, i'd want to be with you Eva!
Wow pride of you.  Yes.  Yes it was the best of the life.
I do relate to 26:55. I had to do the same thing in my life. I was 21 years old and quitting changed my life. I trained 2 years to be a candidate for a certain military career. I was selected for the next phase for a week long candidate process. It was during that week I quit. I knew it was the right thing to do but I didn’t want to. What I did know is that if I didn’t quit, I wouldn’t have a future family. Quitting changed my path and I now have a family. I am more complete than I was then.
This  a the typical sign of "mountain sickness."  Lack of oxygen causes malaise and some experience what you are going though.  Your symptoms are classic. You'll be okay in about 2 or 3 days if you continue.  Cheers!
I’m glad you made this video 🌞
Hi you’re so inspiring & your videos are so truthful & motivating, I hope 1 day I’ll become a travel blogger hoping for the day. Quitting doesn’t make you looser 👌👌👌
Discretion is the better part of valor, choose your battles wisely. That mountain ain't going nowhere, no reason you can't go back.
Bear spray is very light and may be a life safer.  The PNW  isn't Europe.  The spray isn't just about 'grizzlies'.  There's black bears, cougars etc.  Anyway.  I sure admire your guts.
You made an excellent choice, solo, sick, and far from civilization is nothing to treat lightly. Sounds like you are gaining wisdom alongside the experience.
I just found you on U tube and love your positivity.
You made a smart choice for the circumstances, and it was incredible what you did do.
Amazing, so proud of you.  By the way, I love your wrist watch, please tell me about it, brand etc.
Brilliant ~
Wise decision if your body would have failed at like 80 km point more badly you would been quite in trouble, i assume you had something to call for emergency but it's still dangerous to get body for failing point. So happy you didn't go on and put danger to yourself just because you know many people were watching this.
So scary!! 19:29 - I wonder how many times you said that out loud or internally. I'd be saying it/praying it all too often when my chips were down. That altitude will get you. 🤔
Its not for Everyone, and you think posting it is valid and makes it ok while talking about how being a looser is ok. You quit, the only time you won't be a looser is to go back and finish. You didn't accomplish anything and you keep thinking your this powerful women in her jeep driving across country that believes you did something great, this is the problem with the society now a days people like you that thinks quitting is ok and has to be validated and praised, yes it does make you a LOOSER . Now you are just a women in her stupid jeep, you are no one you accomplished nothing. If i was you i would take this video down and post another one that you did finish it and overcame this thing you wanted to accomplish so bad, so far you have accomplished nothing.
By far the most valuable material I've seen from you, Eva 👏👏👏
A lot of complaining. Do you have german ancestors?
❤❤❤❤🫂
You did the right thing by publishing this. It is so amazing to watch you grow ❤️  Your in my heart always
Thank for your honesty, you are really inspiring! 🤗
Totally stupid idea, running on dangerous terrain with heavy bag on your back is a receipt for life ending injury. God bless you all
could the cause of your ill feeling have been the water you were drinking out of the creek?
I would have brought the bear spray because there are bears there, along with cougars.
Wow Eva, Thank you for sharing your journey.  It really made my day.
You are crazy , Awesome Wonderful. Keep on keepin on : ) Surviving is not quitting. Lived to fight another day.
Braveheart ♥️ I liked and subscribed
You may have done more with testosterone, but you are definitely a winner, any day & anyway. 💜
Quite boring episode. Poor preparation, bad packing decisions, so she had to quit. That's it.  And making herself a victim of "toxic masculinity" was really pathtetic...
Your plan was bad from the start and you were not ready for this mileage/terrain. Take those lessons for your next journey.
These are the type action's that get people in trouble  people who don't know what they are doing ,another You Tuber dieing for views .
We hope to get a permit soon.  We've been trying the lottery for years.
See what you see
Eva, you are a rock star.
Knowing one's limitations keeps one alive. Listening to your body screaming at you was wise, and you heal up and go on......... Or, be stuck on that mountain, unable to move......come about 3 or 4 am, the woods can scream too..... Saving yourself wasn't quitting, it means you're stronger than you thought you were, but still really needing rest and food, warm indoors......to heal.
2 pairs of socks? I would have never done that.
There is always next time. Come back stronger. Don't regret your decision, especially because you seem to have done the right thing.
GOLDEN WORDS """""""""!!!!!!!!! QUITING DOES NOT MAKE YOU A LOSER
That is big country and you attacked it with no fear. 5 Days and 10 more pounds of food and that would have been easy for you and you would have seen a lot more. You did the right thing by going back. Well done.
I am a new subscriber, I just found you and you are awesome. No shame in turning back when it didn't feel right to put yourself at more risk by moving forward. The trail will be there if you want to tackle it again...then again you might not and that is ok too. I have lots of watching ahead of me.
Cooooool, Eva!!!!!!👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻 Thank you!!!!!!🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻😍❤️🌟🌞🌷
13:29 when people ask me why I do this, well, this is why I do it!!!
Couple of questions. Do you carry a flare gun with you at all? And a bullhorn? How about canned oxygen? The flare gun will be the heaviest item of course but if you do go down and no phone service. Fire the flares. Plus all the elevation changes. Get you some oxygen!!!!
and who says that what you did was "quitting" ?  You exhibited sound reasoning, which probably saved your life.  Two young people, runners, who were running 4,000 foot peaks in the White Mountains, over elevations and distances far less than what you did, perished this fall.  As you say, "for what". You're an amazing athlete, but everyone, every champion even, hits a wall and has to stop.  Not quit, but stop, because everything (neurologically, vascularly, mentally, biochemically) has to be perfect to do what you were attempting, which was run 3 marathons, back to back, over terrain.  Huh?  Like a NASA space shot, if everything isn't perfect, return to base.  Congratulations!  You passed the test of knowing the difference between sound reasoning and foolishness.  You discovered yourself!  I'm so glad I came across your video.
Stop the Madness!  Get a boyfriend (a sane one) to accompany you on these trips before you wind up missing.
Well done Eva you are clearly driven and strong mentally, physically,  emotionally, ( if your dream was to be true I would pity those two bears).. It takes the strongest of people to suffer accept and admit defeat. I have only come across your video just now. You are incredible!!   Mad as a brush but incredible none the less. Wishing you all the best. One more thing,, a friend once told me  something  (after a nose dive) don't beat yourself , treat yourself.  Regards and best wishes j.🌞
Anonyme  now the Name of His shoes ?
No problem in quitting, , you can always try again if you want, or not, as long as you enjoy it. I wish I wouldn' t have seen this video, now I know this trail exists...
Only quitters never even try. You're a winner in my book
You made the right choice. The challenge can be met again when you're healthy. God bless and keep doing what you love.
You did right! It‘s not the last day on earth! Stay strong. Quitting, altough it‘s a pretty negative word, still needs courage and mental strength.
Great Video, I'm so glad you choose to post it.
Oh Eva! I wanted you to see the beauty of Mount Rainier, but I never would have recommended running the entire Wonderland trail (and in only 3 days!) especially with having to back track to pick up your camera. It made my heart sad that you got sick and had to turn back. I'm glad that you turned around--it was wise of you, and may have saved your life. Come back when the flowers are in bloom and enjoy the park leisurely sometime?   For viewers--the elevation gain and loss is on this 93 mile trail is extreme, and it's at elevation. For the 7-10 day version, the average elevation gain and loss is 3,000-6,000 feet. So, multiply that by ~ 3 means basically 9,000  to 18,000 elevation gain and loss each day Eva was running. Absolutely punishing.
More respect for showing this. Yours is a human story, and to sanitize it with editing would make it unreal.
Seems like slight case of altitude sickness? Don't be too had on yourself. It it good to know your limits
❤
when you're feeling really ill on trail, drink a lot of water with electrolytes in it, take some paracetamol and sea kelp. Eat some seaweed. Mix some blackstrap molasses into warm/hot water. Restore you glycogen that you depleted from that run
26:23 - that mindset of disregarding your limitations and "not quitting", rather than working with your limitations and making the best of them, is a very irresponsible thing to be telling people. The real thing is "If you fail to prepare, you prepare to fail". Also no matter what you try to tell yourself, your body won't function if you don't treat it well. I've done some incredible hikes and travels over the years that I will never forget, but I've also had many hike/travel plans that haven't worked out due to either getting lost on an overgrown old hiking trail, or my knees quitting, or not having been properly prepared sometimes and having to turn back, etc. All of my best hikes and travels have been with good friends and fellow travellers. Going alone can be fine, but you're at much higher risk of all sorts of problems, and it's usually not as fun or enjoyable when I'm by myself
running instead of walking while carrying too heavy a load, only carrying enough food for best case scenario, setting an unrealistic itinerary, going alone, not pre-acclimatising to higher elevations, hiking a remote region at night in bear country while you're feeling ill and disoriented, you're very lucky you didn't go missing honestly
maybe don't run next time and just take your time to enjoy it instead of rushing ?
I watched about four of your videos and was enjoying them pretty much. But this was ridiculous and you lost me on this one. You set yourself up for failure and possible bad injuries doing something that was impossible to do in 3 days and altitude and up and down. I wish you well but if you keep making decisions like this it will not end well. Goodbye
Oh well I'm going to say it. Not very smart. 👀
Best to be smart.
"Quitting does not make you a loser." a sign of maturity.
Smart move to stay at the shelter.  Hiking out at night is not smart.  I was at Guadalupe National Park some years ago.  A ranger advised us to turn back if you did not bring camping gear, and I didn't.  I hiked back and made it just before nightfall.  The mountain will still be there.  Sure enough it has gone nowhere.
Thank you for your insights! I also had this kind epiphany when I was bikepacking alone in the netherlands. I didn't gain much distance and had a really hard time to keep up. The whole time I felt like "I gotta do it, else I am weak!". On the end of the 2nd day I just gave up on the fact that gonna reach the dutch shore. But the moment I accepted the boundaries of my body, I felt a big release and everything inside myself relaxed. The weather even changed and as I was turning back and I had good tailwinds. When I was into the train, the weather turned really bad telling me I made the best decision on that day. Caring for yourself and knowing your boundaries is the most important thing you can do.
The hardest hike I've ever done was Half Dome (18 mi, 5000ft elevation), and I thought I was going to die. I can't even imagine RUNNING 30 mi, 10000ft elevation in one day, and then having to do it AGAIN while sick! You are incredible. You did not quit. You listened and honored your body by turning around when it was not safe to continue. And please remember that you are already incredible, and you do not need to always one up yourself to feel proud. Be proud of who you are and what you can accomplish right now because it's already amazing.
Seals and other elite units push themselves to the breaking point in training to expand those limits and gain experience at the edges. But on missions, they are masters at adapting to the situation and quickly changing the plan. They constantly assess the risk and will choose to fight another day.
What a weak person.
The challenge in every effort is not 'never quit'. The challenge is to make the best decision for yourself.  You made the right choice.
Watching this made me very uncomfortable.  Besides the health effects, I was worried what you would do if you were attacked by a mountain lion or bear.  I stopped the video twice and went and did something else.  I'm glad you're safe.
Great video - you are extremely brave! I lived in the Rockies in Colorado (although originally from the UK) and have tested my endurance to its limit there many times. Although I was never as fit as you!  As Im sure you are aware - you have to rely on your intuition when you are in wild places, even if there doesn't seem to be an issue. Ive turned back on a trail just because something doesnt feel right...Sometimes that still small voice might be the only thing that gets you home! Great choice, great video a heap more self development done here than being ultra competative with yourself IMO! :)
Congrats on your "personal growth" decision to turn back.  Some of us, like @msaxvettelvr1,  who watched you developing possible altitude sickness were concerned until you made that choice.  Those who advocate for "never quitting" are either unrealistic or delusional.  Surviving in the real world requires constantly re-evaluating the possible choices/outcomes and choosing wisely.  It's not a video game where "never quitting" might be a useful 'philosophy'.  I guess you realize that your 'success' was in choosing to turn back and to show others the struggle it took to make that chioce - the alternative could have ended badly.          I  have enjoyed some of your other 'adventures'.  Stay safe and stay curious.
Better that you turn around and not risk other people that have to come rescue you.
Your still alive you win.
Wow, such a nice conclusion Eva.
Believe now in the power …of the femininity…
…and smart ! Bravo to get a free spirit !
What a suspense ! You are a courageous woman ! Best regards from France .
You could have a smaller camera …
I'm looking forward to getting a branch / small stick grill instead of getting a new gas stove / primus. I don't go on insane adventures like this but I'm looking forward to saving weight for my tiny adventures and having to forage a bit to make my coffee and just having my tiny knife and a flint with the little kettle holder.
You know you come from privilege when you have to create this much adversity for yourself to feel satisfaction
Algorithm brought me to this video. You are not a quitter, you are a doer. You did it as far as you safely, possibly could and did so much more than most could ever hope to do. You should be proud X
You did a great job of photography!  Especially considering how exhausted you were.  Smart to listen to your body.  Thumbs up!
look at where you live ,the life you have and you cry like a baby for the sake of sharing this on social media, how dare you
13:29: Besides all the sweat and tears, this scenery is so beautiful. Looks like a wonderful painting.
I was born disabled, so my epiphanies don't hit during a 5k let alone a 90k, yet, I still _totally_ get that hardcore, driven headspace! When one has become well-practiced at ignoring those urges to quit, discerning between the signs that should be ignored & those that absolutely _should not_ be ignored become very blurry. I sympathized while watching your struggle with it.  I'm so relieved that you made it home safely, & I hope that you're well.
thank you for posting that video
I admire your resolve in this adventure. Knowing when to stop & turn around is key to staying healthy. Listen to your body. When you were talking about how weak you feel, I suspect you are vitamin B-12 deficient. I don’t remember you ever speaking about vitamins. I’m not speaking about vitamin enriched food, it’s not the same. I’m 72, and I workout rowing and lifting weights 3x a week for 2 hrs. VitaminB-12 gives me stamina. I take it 2x a week. Have fun with your future endeavors.
thanks you so much for this video
Like the seasons.  Turn, Turn, Turn.
you're alive, you have a story to tell, you gained experience and nice footage. a successful adventure in the books.
You made the right choice, and you could have gotten into trouble.
What a lot of special forces will tell you if it’s pain push it to side if it doubt push to the side if real sickness and life death that is not quit it realize your human.  A lot of them have support I have ran more then that in day but there was two of use push each other. As a SF or athletes they will tell it so it with a buddy the buddy can and will keep you in check. When have doubts will say no let’s go if pain push you can do it they do for you and do for them because you don’t want let each other down. Glad realized your limits and know it was time.
The best way is to find your zone and pace yourself, where your body can keep up with the energy output with what ever terrain you are confronted with. Remember it is not a sin to take a rest and hydrate.
What does't .........makes you stronger!
Good job. You proved what you suspected - that it would be incredibly hard. No point in doing something just because its the mainstream think - normal hiking is heavy on your body and mind. Next time maybe take a cart for your pack weight. A one wheeled cart with brake is best in my opinion.
Good decision, good one... it's all good. It seems you go to hard on yourself. No one is judging you that way, ;) Happy New Year!
Shaving your armits could save some weight ;)
Eva, this is my first time meeting you on YouTube. I appreciate you for being so honest and sincere on this fail attempt to conquer Mount Ranier.  You did an awesome job with your illustration on your struggles to complete this expedition.  When you are sick, weak, depleting your food too quickly, and being out there at the mountain all by yourself in the dark and cold, this is the perfect recipe for disaster and fatality.  I appreciate you for sharing your vulnerability on this video.  It shows me you are sincere, authentic, and forthcoming.  You were wise and mature for turning back home.  I do not call this quitting.  You were simply having a Bad Day and it was the right choice to turn back at the moment.  We are human and not Robots. We do not operate like Machines and keep on pushing until we break down.  This is why we have hearts, minds, and souls.  We make the right choice when it matters, especially when our life is in jeopardy.  Being able to recognize and accept setbacks is a true sign of growth. This is what makes you a better and more reasonable person than some fools out there that end up being a statistic because their pride and ego were too big to admit defeat and weakness.  Mother Nature can be beautiful and majestic, however, it can be also be very violent, cruel, and unforgiving if we do not respect it.  Eva, regardless, of the outcome of this very challenging expedition, I find you to be Amazing.  The fact that you chose to attempt this 3 day solo trip covering approximately 100 miles with nearly 25,000 feet in elevation gain is completely Insane.  Thank you so much for sharing your this expedition and allowing us to see your vulnerability.  I appreciate your honesty and authenticity of when you were going through some very tough moments on your trip!
This outdoor excursion took a lot of courage.. very wild/ dangerous terrain out there. Excellent channel
I don't like this marketing product 👹 Folks go for a walk outside and dont waste time with this advertisement 😁 You don't need 95% of the stuff shown.
You could have skipped water kettle and mug and just got like a 650ml ti pot. You could also have gotten away with packing a mini gas can instead of a medium sized one.   Those Nalgene bottles are really heavy and could be ditched for lighter bottles.   No need for a full frame Sony camera. Get a Fuji X-T30 or X-T4 or X-T5 and you'll be good to go.
I Love your Video, THANK YOU SO MUCH for sharing your passion, Following you From Québec Canada,  Your Friend, HEAVEN
I don’t know you an you don’t know me but I am proud of what you accomplished even more proud of the fact that you did not quit. You just simply was smart enough to turn around. That makes you a winner. I wish I had known you. I think you’re a great person.
3:00 - I have hiked in the rockys and at yellowstone as well as a bunch of other places like this. And not taking bear spray is something I just cannot wrap my head around. They eat you while you are still alive. I don't care if it's a 1 in 10 000 chance of attack. I would never go into bear/cougar country without bear mace . You're taking unnecessary risks. Great video besides that.
I just discovered your videos, I have to say, you are one tough woman to take on going up into the mountains by yourself! I have tons of respect for you! I really enjoy your videos, and, Welcome to my home state of Texas. A Big HOWDY to you. 😀
wish i had known you were here.  :)
I'm glad you saw sense to quit in time.....BUT, leaving the bear spray back is dangerous thing to do and the weight of it would have been lighter than your big camera. Having another small 'go pro' type of camera would have been much lighter option and still left you room for the spray.
saty smart, dont have to push yourself too much...
You're not a quitter. There's always another day to finish it
Eva I'm proud of you the fact the elevation  got to you you hit the wall , your limit on that day and time , Mother Nature  kicked  you in your  buttocks , you've won dear , truly
I had tk quit to help/ healing people, which I loved so much,  I had to put myself first one day , when I  overworked myself,  and my shaking body fell on the floor,  didn't want to breathe and my teenager daughter had to call the ambulance,  never forget her scared eyes, ... it's why I  am  slowing down now, many people still don't know about it , I have been so ashamed about me as I thought I was a looser, but now it is changing,  I am changing and start to win my life again from completely different point of view 😊, You're amazing Eva! Jestes niesamowita i za to ci kochamy i podziwiamy. Zadbaj o siebie i nakrecaj tysiace niesamowitych filmow. Pieknej podrozy!!!!🥰💜🕊
Absolute sign of EXPERIENCE, maturity AND intelligence. You definately made the right choice. Being ALIVE BEATS “macho” and sick,or worse…dead ANY AND EVERY day. MUCH respect!
Me lo dieras
No sasquatch that's always a good day.
What an inspiration you are. I’m positive I speak for everyone when I say nobody thinks you quit. Be proud you a lot more than most of us would have
You definitely had altitude sickness, in my opinion. I had it at a ski resort in New Mexico years ago and it’s awful. You were right to turn back. It’s not quitting; it’s moving in a different direction than originally planned. Good for you!
I know this was some time ago but what you describe sounds like altitude sickness.  Oxygen and rest is the cure.
I have just done the 3 Passes in Nepal , now going put this one on my bucket list . Awesome video thank you for sharing it
You said you are not religious but think about JESUS. You don't have to be Roman Catholic to believe in Him and be saved. John 3:16 For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. JESUS was a perfect person, God, who paid for our sins, on the cross, and rose again. That is the main thing with God since He sent Him to die for us. If you believe in your heart He will save you and be real to you. Your soul is eternal and eternity never ends. So spend it with JESUS.
what happened to the beautiful dog?
❤ perfect choice ❤. You’re not a quitter.  You’re AMAZING.  90% of couldn’t do I 1/4 of what you did.  Thanks for being real and sharing the video.
I haven't learned much, but one thing I have learned is that bagged commercial food sucks, and it crushes my spirit.  So I started developing simple drink powder and one-pot meals that are compact and tasty even when I'm not hungry.  It makes a big difference.
Life is knowing when to make the right choices. You're a brave and courageous lady. Most people have never attempted to do what you have done. Your health is your wealth.
I was set to attempt a 60mile hike in Indiana. I'd been training but i wholly underestimated how steep the hills and ridges were. I planned to take 5 days  and way over packed. my bag must have weighed almost 70lb. I also had my dog with me. On the first day we only hiked 5 miles ( we arrived late and the darkness set in soon after) . and the second day I walked to the 8 mile mark. It was our first real checkpoint and the water i had staged before hand was gone. I was already sore and exhausted and my dog had developed a limp. I was talking to a day hiker i met and he confirmed that the terrain ahead of where i camped was much much harder than what i had already trekked. and considering that i was out of water and my dog was injured , we had to turn around.  it took us all day to get back to the car and being there were no available camp sites available , i had to drive 4 hours home while being completely dehydrated and sick and hurting. and the biggest thing i took away from this trip was that quitting is ok if your life is on the line. I learned that mother nature doesnt care if you think you trained adequately, she will still try to punish you.   I still cant believe you made it 30 miles in a single day. you ultra runners are crazy. good luck going forward.
I loved watching your video.  Your commitment to looking out for what is important in that moment was commendable.  It’s not easy when you set a goal and it has to change but that in itself is growth.  Good for you! 👏🏼
You got heart... proud you did all that you.did in the past years. You wanted to grow as a person and I believe  you have. You've done more than most of the world is willing to even try.
You are not David Goggins? I thought I was watching David Goggins. Stay hard?  Last year my goal was a 100 mile ride on bicycle. I could not do it, fibromyalgia. Back problems. Lower back hurting so bad I cannot walk. Perhaps I heard wrong, it was "stay smart" all along.
You made great strategic decision. Thank you for this lesson. Never forget that you, your life and well being is much more precious than any achievement.
As the great philosopher Dirty Harry said, "A man's got to know his limitations."  Well, for everyone.
You are so brave to take this journey alone.  I admire your guts and tenacity.  Be proud of yourself. There’s always another time to try again.  Good luck and God Bless.
oh I thought that you were going to quit driving alone. You're talking about quitting your run around a 25k mountain with what, 50lbs of gear? LOL
Eva you did a great job..... You didn't quiet but choose to survive......
Looks like you took too much weight. Looking at you running with this giant backpack looks scary :)
Congratulations on sharing!
I used to run with Rogue Running in Austin, TX.  The lesson they hammered in my head is: Train hard, do the work,  but always listen to your body.
You didn’t quit. Quitting is what you do when you CAN keep going. You didn’t have the amount of rations you needed for your journey. The wilderness is still the wilderness even if there is a trail. It’s 100% trying to kill you. Therefore it is life and death. You made a decision to survive. You could have quit. You could have given up and sat on that mountain feeling sorry for yourself and died there. But you didn’t quit. You made the decision to get out of there alive.  Wilderness survival training is probably something you can start reading up on. Wouldn’t hurt. Could help your mindset.
Taking more time and hiking that trail instead of running is the way to go. You made the right decision turning back. Stay awesome :)
🤟👎👎👎
not stopping and dying would have been stupid. You had an intense experience and learned from it. That's not quiting
Listening to your instincts will save your life.
Remember Mother Nature eliminates the dumb gene pool. Hiking alone, not being prepared, not having the knowledge and equipment to deal with what nature throws at you will have her eliminate you.
Watching missing 411 by David paulides. I hope you have a satellite phone, gun and tracking device
I like your watch but most activity I do is getting out of my car and going to work.
My wife and I live about 100 miles south of the area you are hiking .  Welcome to the Pacific Northwest,  We have a slightly easier trail around Mount Hood down here in Oregon.  We're getting a little too old to do the same hikes you are doing but we wish you the best and love your videos.
Mt Rainier is absolutely beautiful. We go to the park just about every year. I watched your video and I think you forgotten its the journey that’s the adventure not the distance you cover. My thoughts on this video is to stop and smell the roses when your surrounded by so much beauty.
You are amazing. Respect.
What if you put a camera so that it overlooks a wide area, and you record yourself running across that wide area, and then run all the way back to pick up the camera, and then do it multiple times.
You're absolutely right. Quitting does not make you a loser. Quitting makes you a quitter. A loser still finishes, just that they finish after the winner. Quitting because it's the right thing to do means you're smart. But, if the goal is doable,  you need to get healthy and back in shape and do the thing you quit.
It would have been a lot easier ti not make this video.  I'm pretty sure that describes every video.
Wow. Good job! You made the right decision. I'm impressed. You're amazing! Looking forward to your next post.
You are now a double winner. Self-knowledge is God's knowledge. God's knowledge is self-knowledge. How beautiful to discover this. Triple winner for the rest of your life on prison planet Earth. Love you.
You are now a double winner. Self-knowledge is God's knowledge. God's knowledge is self-knowledge. How beautiful to discover this. Triple winner for the rest of your life on prison planet Earth. Love you.
Well done.
Enshallah I keep watching you always  I wish if I was inside place like that  I really liked so much  And god bless you 25:15 25:15
Enshallah I keep watching you always  I wish if I was inside place like that  I really liked so much  And god bless you 25:15 25:15
Enshallah I keep watching you always
Enshallh I keep watching you always
Hi all what need to say to you   You do good jop and nice girl and stronger than any man  I see that when I watch you in this place  With my regards  Mourad from Libya
Isn't it very dangerous?  What camera did you use to film? May I ask? <3
I ran into your vids last night when u were boarding a ship back home I wanna say your tough a real trooper talk about adventure wow thumbs up👍
I love that you posted this! You are a true inspiration for me. Hugs from Europe ❤️.
Risk assess and be yourself Eva. Winning or losing is relative.
You have to know your own personnel limits
quiting doesn't make you a looser - it all depends on context, in some cases you are dead if you quit and in some - you are dead if don't quit. But in your situation it's a good decision. I think you would have a chance to make it with a tiny bag and trekking poles
Good on you Eva. I've held off watching this video and the subsequent ones for the past month knowing what a struggle I'd see. I'm glad you took the decision you did and made the video you've presented. It's real, it's you, the winning and turning back when your body tells you it's the right thing to do.
Sometimes when you go searching for your limits, you find them. Great job recognizing when yours were in sight, and thank you for showing your strength in vulnerability instead of doubling down on the artifice of imperviousness for the sake of pride.
OK.  You weren’t ready for this.  Train and try again.  No shame.
Glad to see you listened to yourself. I am just a weekend endurance athlete but I have trained with and paced many friends in 100 mile races and not all of them completed their quest to finish. My only experience that I can share the way you felt was when I was preparing to race Ironman Arizona and getting sick the night before the race. I got up in the morning of the race with the intention of still racing but when I sat down in the race area to put my wetsuit on my head was still woozy and felt nauseous.  I realized I could not face a 11 to 12 hour race. It took awhile for me to get over the fact I didn't race but came to the same conclusion that I need to take care of myself and not worry what people would say when they see that I DNS. I am so happy to find your page and look forward to watching more of your videos.
Hi Eva, ist was the Right decision to Return. Dont blame yourself, I think you learnt a lot about yourself. Respekt, Love from Berlin.
i did the 3 peaks in uk 515 miles i walked with over 100lb on my back , and know how you feel ,it hard been alone when no one to lift you solitude can be hard at times  ,,well done eva your a strong woman
There is nothing bad to quit !! Neither to be a loser... can't win all the time ! You had a difficult experience... but it's just a tiny part of your global journey :) Take some rest and keep being curious !! Your videos are amazing !! Take care of you !!
what people on youtube don't understand is the importance of silence while doing certain activities (almost all)
Ik ziet jij hebt wat stroopwafels - ben jij uit NL? What kind of food is in those packets? It looks like astronaut survival food for outer space. Oh my daze, you only have 4 coffees?? That's a tease for me, I need several a day  ☕☕☕☕☕
pretty female traveling all over the place alone is dangerous, hope nothing happens to her
Definitely altitude sickness! When I was younger that was my base trail for working on Mt. Rainier working on replacing battery packs on the remote eartquake sensors! They were car batteries back in those days. What saved me was  dark chocolate and Oatmeal! Up on the face and on the glacier it was impossible to run or even move fast! Slow and steady is the only way to do this mountain trail! I learned from an early age hiking in the Alps and living in an alp farm at seven th
Incredible!  Why that show in the bathroom....? Why some people try to be so cheap... everything there is ok, but the show in bathroom .....no comment.
iit was the right desition glad your safe. love you
Life is a journey ! Just pace yourself girl ! In the words of  Louise Armstrong " you have all the time in the world ; especially at your age ! Come on ....😘😘😘
Where is your beautiful Doggy ?
Love Mt Rainer ! Very near where my Bro lives 💞💞💞❤️❤️❤️
I'm planning to do this trail solo next June. I don't plan to run it though. I still hope to do it in 3-4 days
Keep a lookout for bigfoot!!!
As a guy who hiked over 400 miles of the Appalachian Trail, I knew right off the bat that you were going to burn alot more calories running that trail then you had available to you in that pack.  Sorry, hun, but sometimes a "guy's gotta know his limitations" (Dirty Harry reference), LOL!  But I sure admire you for the effort.
Don't quit just take a different path this way oh look streets of gold 🙌😄
You didn’t quit.  You made a strategic withdrawal.  There is a big difference.
Hi Eva....... I applaud your realization and courage to demonstrate your new level of awareness. Personally I was freed from over 15 years of chronic back pain by simply coming to a similar conclusion about my perfection driven life, and need to proof something. Thank You for sharing your vulnerability. This is the real stuff that can help many people. I've been enjoying your videos and feel this is the most powerful of them all.
Navy seals have a mission. That's why they never quit. Because other people's lives depend on them. The other part of Navy seals and most military is situational awareness. That's why they have a plan going in. The good part is that you realized had you pushed yourself you would not have made it out. Sometimes discretion is the better part of valor.
There's a reason they're called hiking trails not running trails. I would examine my vanity to see what compels you to run instead of hike. Due to weight limitations the only way you could carry enough protein to sustain you would have been with meat.
Live to fight another day.  Bravo for being honest with yourself and your subscribers.
Thanks for being real on YT. We have enough Liver Kings on here.
You're a  great  lady, to tell the real truth.  Need courage .  My self  a hiker from  childhood,  planned  mountain  hike as per my strength.  Not on books. Keep sprit  burning 🔥.
You are so amazing snd dedicated , l would never have the courage and strength to do What you do, be proud of yourself
I still admire your courage Eva, you make a very  good dicision of going back. thats not mean of looser or weaker... publessing this story your followers will love you more.. like me. God blessed and Merry Christmas my dear..
I stumbled upon your channel tonight and this was the first video I've seen of yours. As a viewer, I was thoroughly engaged and entertained throughout your run. The amount of time you had to have spent going back and forth to the camera had me thinking, "She's a real story teller".  Your words and emotions were genuine and sincere, and it was clear that you were sharing something that was truly meaningful and challenging and that's a huge win.
First off I want to say is not quitting when your beat. Quitting is not trying in the first place. Leaving is better than dying.
You saved somebody's life today by posting this.
Greetings to you, heroine. I am Noureddine from Morocco, from the city of Berkane. I wish you a good day, my dear
packaged food...... just saying, your gran didn't teach you to forage?, best years of my life, mushrooms, berries, a knife, edibles, i mean you had it all what's up with this? edit, other than that, pretty good job
The most wonderful thing we have as humans is our gut feeling/ our intuition. There’s definitely a toxic perfectionism we have in society, but I think we’re all learning to be kinder to ourselves. You didn’t give up, you listened to your body, survival at its finest. Had you kept going who knows what would’ve happened, glad you’re well
Wow, you decided to run, I would rather walk
God bless 🙌🏻  🙏🏻 ❤ 💖
Read or listen to Endurance the inspirational story of Ernest Shackleton's trans-Antarctic expedition. He too made the right decision to turn back.
your crazy
Eva, I will tell the short version of a long story. For 6 years I lived with a group of young Navy Seals, they are still my best friends (I am 65 now). I know the personality and mentality of these amazing people, and you are one of them... no question. A few of them may have tried something like this challenge... but not alone... and with very professional planning advice (energy expense, fuel required, muscular breakdown rate, etc.). Running all day with a pack, as it gets heavier and heavier, as you conquer repeated energy draining verticals, alone and facing the approach of darkness. I will cut this short by stating the obvious... you showed the depth of your character when you made the right decision to turn back. You are an inspiration, and a great story teller. Is it ok to say I am in love with you?
You just need to take care of yourself
I am lucky to live in an area where -if The Mountain's out (not obscured by clouds) - that's my view. I made it  barely just above the parking lot of Paradise Inn (5400 ft elev) years ago and started moving in slomo.  I sat on a bench and noticed that I wasn't the only person effected by the altitude. Disappointed but realized that my low altitude body just couldn't do it. That gorgeous hike is meant to be savored. That was an amazing feat...dig your vids and your message.
Wow, amazing effort and adventure! You are an inspiration and I love your spirit! It's beautiful to see your love of nature, the care you take of yourself, and the example you show to all, bravo Eva!
Eve You should begin yo think a Lot about your situación , You can't travel all your life . Begin yo look foto areal good men . Form a family , who Will take careof You ay your 60  75 traes . Merry Christmas
Push your limits for yourself not for anyone else.  You didn't fail you found a limit for that moment.
Just take some photo shoots looking exhausted three or four times around the mountain in different locations and say you did it but don't actually do it
I've done 5 Ultra's and quit on one, 2/3 the way,  the only one I remember is the one I quit on. I used it to my advantage the next time and knocked 4.5hrs off. You did the right thing.
Come on girl! It's not quitting to admit that you need to stop.
This was  not  quitting, it was a strategic  withdrawal  to fight  another  day.
what is that applying presuure to water, is it filtering it. Never seen it before what is it called?
Love you baby stay safe love the adventures always wild and crazy learning experience for sure with you all the time ......love
You are such a beautiful person both inside and out. You made the correct decision to turn back when you did. :)
You look nice in short hair
Ok settle down ok you thought of Chile or costa Rica do it rest
Yes nice lady it time to retire take care love your videos
Very smart, now you will run another day.
You've already done well...  you now need rest...   i'm your newest fan... in michigan.
Bear spray at Mt. Rainier? No, you need Bigfoot spray!
12:56 oh how nice to see you hugging a tree they have so much energy to share. They are like giant antennas pulling in and transmitting Gaia and Cosmic energies. Yeah I know, that's a bit nutty,  but ask yourself, why did you hug the tree? And most importantly, what did you feel? Humans are funny in this way, they shrug off what they feel to trusting they don't know, as though remaining in the dark of the unknown is safer. So Eva, you drink water to replenish your energies but where did that energy come from?  Stop and smell the roses girl! Quitting is sometimes the very thing that can save you. I'm proud of you girl!
where is Vilk!?
Eva, great stuff! I'm new to you (2nd watch) and this video hit home for me. I have done over 50 solo wilderness backpacks and close to 100 with a hiking partner. I always felt super after each was over, endorphins, mental and physical strength aplenty.  The only advice I could give you is 1) don't try to run uphill with a heavy pack, only downhill if you must. 2) Always carry your bear spray  3) Solo hiking in parks like Yosemite, where the bears are desensitized to humans, is much more dangerous than wilderness hiking where there is still a hunting season. My favorite solo hikes were always outside of parks.
Honestly i was really excited when you announced your trip across the US but was pretty disappointed to only see high ways vlogs we terribly expected to see you vlog each major city on the way 💔 even back and forth but maybe there will be in the future?! Because you can't skip US main cities as a passionate traveler after all!  Love 💕
Eva I can not begin to understand the strength of mind and body you possess. But I also must admit that the thought enters my mind that sometimes or maybe most of the time you may be as crazy as a loon.
Taking shoes off, best move!!! I live in Cusco (Perú) and we have the best walks and hikes, but for altitud issues I got tired and develop migraines in a few minutes untill one day I took my shoes of and I made Moray barefoot, and then Pisac, and then Machu Picchu, and then some roads in Ollantaytambo... My blood pressure self regulates when I have no shoes on, it's magic
You're allowed to do whatever you want whenever you want I don't see the need to beat yourself up every step you take and every decision you make. It's your life Buttercup.  You're free. XOX
It was painful just to watch this video. On my couch. You are tough and a bit crazy. I'd never run this. I'd hike this if I had enough time. It would still be a major accomplishment. Quitting is totally alright if that is what your body or your mind tells you. I actually wonder how you managed to get back in one day in that condition.  Seems almost like a miracle even with 5 mile ride. I think I will need to watch more of videos now, I am intrigued.
Holy hell..I haven't heard this much whining for awhile. Yuck.
Thank you so much for posting this video.  I had a similar experience where I was extremely mad at my self for feeling the way I was feeling during a backpack trip.  I was experiencing altitude sickness at the time.  You are absolutely correct, quitting does not make you a looser.
Hi !  First clip i see on you blog or you channel !  It was very pleasant to se and nice editing...and good job on the moody piano music. Important and good wisdom...that i agree with. You are creative with the camera. Thx for taking us on a nice journey and beeing this close with us in a nice way. Well spent time and inspireing. To have thoughts and good thinking on what you doing...is the way to go...and what makes you a more human and better person.  There is no end in the evolving process.  I think that is one of the valuble and satisfactory thing in life... that fact. Always something new and always more on the latter ehh ladder ! ? I subscribe.  Thx again ! 🙂
What does she expect on a vegetarian diet.    Go carnivore and be free.
Good for you. Hopefully, you haven't taken the "vaccine."   Please don't.   (It's not a "vaccine.")
Sometimes we over analyze things in life.  Yes, it seems a case of altitude sickness.  So, lessons learned as we realize there are things to mitigate this situation in the future, yes?  All experiences may serve as lessons learned...  It seems, from my perspective you made a decision based upon the facts at hand, simply.  Another term for this is "changing tack".  In nautical terms, when the wind and/or seas change the vessel changes it approach.  It isn't "quitting".  So I do not see what took place here as a "quit".  There was a situation to deal with Eva.  You dealt with it just fine, in my estimate.  We call this "Life" (chuckle)👍🏻.  God Bless, and thanks for sharing🙏🏻🕊💜
That was amazing, I'm glad you made this.
Your best strength lies on knowing what is the best direction, sometimes we have to reassess a situation, in this case it is best to realize that it is ok to not complete this now, the mountain will be there… you can always go back but, if you make the wrong choice and your strength isn’t there things could’ve have turned in a opposite direction. The moral of this story is that it is ok to try again, many have in the past and the victory would only be sweeter… !! Congratulations!
You are amazing!!!
Love your toes!
Just started your videos I'm so proud of you this video did something for me beyond words. Looks like you're heading down to Mexico can't wait to watch remember always take care of yourself first.
You are so cute
What a great message.  Not one of giving up or quitting, but one of finding balance.  Here, in this video, you are clearly out of balance, and very aware what you've gained and lost.  And you're willing to regroup and work on you with a learned, patient, and forgiving attitude.  BRAVO!  Be kind to yourself, tough on yourself, and drivin - all in balance and proportion to the moment.  I am looking forward to your both your outward and inward journey.  I love watching people grow right in front of my eyes.  Much love!
I have experience about retreating once. The rain was so heavy and  all my equipment was wet totally. I had no choice but to quit. That was a clever decision for me. Try next time when we are really ready!!
Probably was the river water. Not enough filtration :(
Real life starts in the heart, not in the head.  It is so much stronger to stand by yourself than to never admit to "so-called weakness".   I also had this performance tick in my head for a long time until I realised how completely stupid it is. But basically I was just looking for myself and now I enjoy every moment and every step as much as if it was my last. I have learned to listen to my heart and to love myself. I live in the present and I have learned that true freedom, true happiness can only be found within oneself, regardless of the place.     „The biggest journey you will ever make is the journey to yourself. The greatest success you can have is to be yourself.“:-)🤍
I think Eva is much to focused on her feelings.  If you "know", that you are "feeling" ill. Dont go make high intense sport. Exspecialey long runing exercises, marathons and so on. You can get your heart infected realy badly. (c19 which hits sporty ppl. and old ppl the most should have told this to all of us.)
Eva , you are amazing , keep trekking and making videos we love watching them  All the best from northern Scotland
These clickbaits are getting old man!
I don’t mean this to be a negative comment, but you were in one of the most beautiful places on earth and you chose to run through it rather than slowdown and enjoy the emense
I’m sure you know that altitude sickness is caused by an abrubt increase in the rate of climb. Just like diving, I hope you acclimate regularly.
Eva, I was moved by your adventure. You aren't a "quitter" in my book. I am a 75 year old man, I am a veteran. Believe me I have seen a lot of life in my years. Knowing your ability and not trying to push yourself beyond that takes a braver, smarter person than the one that pushes beyond your limit. The saying of desecration is the better part of valor is applicable here. You have every right to hold your head high with pride. You ran to you limit and you made it back alive. I feel pride for  you.
I walked home from church when my car wouldn't start, but that was only approximately 10 miles. My calves were a little stiff for a couple of days (and that was relatively flat except for the last few miles, without a backpack, etc. How much does the back pack weigh?
it's easy Eva, you are trainig your body your mind and your soul. Your English is outstanding you must have good ear, maybe you can be singing on your next video GÓRALU CZY CI NIE ŻAL....
I just don't have words to tell how I feel. Now, I am lying down on bed comfortable not having to live just for a second what you have been through on the mountains. Nevertheless, I wish I were there with living your experience. You are not a quitter or a loser. No no. You just listened to your brain which told you that danger was lurking ahead. This experience could be a starter for another person an experience that they could learn from it. At least, you tried and till the last moment you believed you can still do it. There is nothing bad with quitting if we could come back stronger there is a limit to which the human body can support, this is how we are made. We are not super heroes and we shouldn't teach our children that quitting is bad or cowardice  For me, I love riding bikes for miles sadly I sold my bike and I have been in awe to get back to the road. Maybe riding a bike through that mountain would be easier and can bring with it more challenges for you to conquer.  You are not a quitter. I believe you are much stronger and you will be able to do it again in the future.  Thanks for sharing your trip with us. Greetings from Morocco
I'm 73 years old and not a complete stranger to endurance events having run a couple Marathons when i was around your age. My personal best being 3:01:08. When you were asking yourself several times "should I continue" I hoped you would make the best decision and you did!  Good for you.
Really you ar a amazing women because you go anyway alone I can't believe it, maybe you want to go to Indonesia Asia.... I like to watch your video ghreating from my village of Indonesia 👍👌💪 I hope you enjoy with your life on world 👍💪🤲🥰
Ha ha haa you need a companion Eva.  Ms just quit.. when you are well you can achieve more peaks🌹🌹🌺🌺
Why you are punishing yourself lady.
I refuse to walk or hike anywhere where my beloved dog is not allowed.  Seeing how happy my dog is on the trail adds so much to the experience for me.
NO LOGIC!!! WHY??
You were experiencing altitude sickness.   I cringed watching you thin your gear. Your choice not to take bear spray was especially disturbing since you planned on running. Bear spray is not just for bears, but, also works for mountain lions a real hazzard when you are running.   You definitely made the right choice turning back. When you got rid of your extra food you also took away the option of taking it a little slower and allow yourself to take an extra day if necessary.  However, once you were experiencing altitude sickness maybe not having the extra food was a good thing since you had no choice but to turn back. I hope you actually realize that there was more to learn from your experience than just that turning back was not just okay, but the right choice.  A little bit on altitude sickness, since you didn't mention it.  Altitude sickness  Also called: acute mountain sickness  Physical distress from difficulty adjusting to lower oxygen pressure at high altitude.  Most cases of altitude sickness are mild, but some may be life-threatening.
"She who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day." There's quitting because you don't believe in yourself or because you don't want to build character by being uncomfortable. It's another kind of quitting entirely to sensibly take stock of your health and resources and the challenge before you, and realize it would be madness to keep going. That's the wisdom of true wilderness experts.
Ewcia you don't have to show or prove  anything to anyone or even to yourself. You made a smart and educated decision about your life.  I think situations like that make us humble and we respect nature and elements more then ever. You can't trick your body, if it needs rest it will give up on you in the most unexpected moment of your life when you keep pushing. I am so glad you are sharing this with us, because most of glorified expeditions we know how end unfortunately. I am so glad you made it safe and was able to get a deserved rest. It was still great accomplishment in my eyes. You are my hero and I have learned so much from you. Your generation is amazing including my children and I know you guys will make this world a better place to live. I hope I get to live to see it.......Just imagine world based on trust, love and mutual understanding. No wars. Sustainability. Minimalizm. I love to dream what can I say and sometimes dreams come true....
Time to walk.
Pencil and paper.
The body tells us. the wise ones listen!  Awesome Journey!
I don't know what your elevation was but altitude sickness sucks and is pretty debilitating.  No appetite, sick to the stomach, headache maybe, definitely no energy.  The cure? Go down.  You can't wait it out.  Also running with a backpack sounds extremely unpleasant, especially uphill.
Yes take it easy! Rainier is no joke!!!
What is weight of your pack?
I have quitted my job twice because I felt to do it so I did it without regrets. You have also quitted something earlier to change yourself for the present day you are now. Isn't it
Awesome video. You are a brave.....thank you for sharing. I am watching from Indonesia
I am number B. the messenger. do not kill the messenger, if you hate the message. why do you hate the message? brainwashed & programmed? or have you been told to hate the message? i hate satanist doG with big g i hate satanist dogs with small g i hate satanist doG = i hate satanist God i hate satanist dogs = i hate satanist gods(people who want to be a god) who was the original satanist (j c)? those rich satanist assholes who run this world, have brainwashed & programmed people from a young age. satanist prayer is for us to forgive those satanist assholes but our prayer is for us to punish those satanist assholes. why? for all the pain they have given us.
Getting yourself run down and exhausted (alone) like that is Flat-Out dangerous, from an ex-military perspective.
A quitter?  Absolutely not, your truly a master piece of your creation! You r inspiration in the clearest form of life! Thank u
Excellent video and excellent subject and lesson Quitting is the hardest thing in the world. Weather it is quitting a bad relationship, drugs, alcohol, or commitments you have made to yourself. The ability to quit and go on without a tone of psychological cost is a skill of maturity and professionalism. I respect you and the struggle for the best decisions you can make at the time. Without quitting on bad ventures we lose to much time and life to get to the great successes. Love and respect.
Cheer up Eva . Under those circumstances you made the right decision. Besides we all have ups and downs and ... ironically, it's good to fail once a while because that's the way we learn and that's what protects us from vanity :)  ps. As a thank you for this great video I watched all the commercials for you
You grew more from the "failure" than if you'd went the whole way around.  Its a harsh lesson for anyone.  I am a man in my 50's and my body doesn't allow me to do things I used to do easily.  It sucks but like you I have come to realize the things that aren't life and death survival don't need to be so serious.  Now I am paying for all the times I pushed my body too much.  I guess I remember them when I wake up and it takes some time to stretch the stiff limbs and the worn out joints.  You are still young and recover quickly.  I recently was talking about this to a relative in their 80';s and they laughed at me.  They said you have no idea how much worse it gets.  Just wait until a good day is taking a nice crap, then talk to me.  I think about another 30 years on top and think, I'd better preserve what i have left and swallow some pride or I will be in a wheel chair.  That thought puts the taking a nice crap into perspective.  So you learned much earlier what I have only recently discovered.  You will have a better old age by realizing this truth before your body is shot.  Have you ever meet an old navy seal?
Wisdom comes with age much later in life and thank God for that. While young all this mental stuff, performance and perfectionism gets in a way big time
"Quitting" is just a negative perspective of learning.
Eva, I admire you greatly! You are very brave, and strong! You travel the world alone and get to see the most beautiful places the world has! You enjoy life at it's simplest, but yet lack for nothing! You go girl! Enjoy the world to it's fullest while you are still young! I would love to do what you are doing but I am old now and my body is shot. Thank you for bringing the beauty of this world to my screen so that I can see it in all it's beauty though I can not do it for myself!
definite altitude sickness. u made the right call.
bear spray is good for use against creepy  people too though......plus given the miles and vertical gain, 3 energy gels is not nearly enough.  great job though. you produce a fine adventure channel!! \
Your at a high elevation  that could make you sick 😫 🤒
I'm so sorry  you got sick ' But you made the right decision.
You are an amazing woman! And very brave . I just stumbled  across  your  travels.  And I live in Lakewood  ,Washington. It's so cool you came to see the Pacific Northwest  Mt Rainier  and St Helen's  is amazing.  I hope you loved your visit  here . Safe travels 🙏
Well done Eva congratulations for your way !
You are such a gentle and sweet thing. You are tougher than most men in the sense you are a can-do type of person. You should do whatever you want. You are a free bird, so fly!
That you  quit .......is not a sign of weakness but of responsibility towards yourself and other people. In contrast, we are often presented with testosterone-driven, male recklessness seen by them as  strength not considering the consequences.
you didnt lose, you didnt fail, you just took a wonderful and different path!!! We all admire you!!!!! In a BIG WAY!! bill in alabama
you havent failed,,,you just took another direction!! Life is like a big freight hauling truck. Some of them have 26 different speeds..Ive found in life that at times, circumstances mean that we get new information that tells us the best way to go is to grab another gear, higher or lower, shift in to it and move forward. Each time you shift, you will discover new viewpoints and exciting experiences, each of which will add to your learning!!! Be safe,,,bill in alabama
you will never fail if you follow your bodys needs. What worries me the most about your adventures is that i hope you dont come upon something you cant handle. Ive known of several folks who got attacked by other travelers, and of two who i didnt know, but i did meet and learned they later were killed. One by a bear, and one by a big cat. Im an old guy, and never got into the solo hiking interest, but ive always been an explorer and out door enthusiast. My interests were mainly ghost towns and scenic sights off the beaten path that most travelers never saw. Hope you remain safe, but id still like to see you not alone,,,,,,,have a great Christmas,,,bill in alabama Thanks for all your hard work in editing and camera angles and shots for all of us to share!!
From my experiences. Solo hiking is heavy and dangerous. 2 split the weight, enhance safety and enhance the experience. 9 to 15 miles a day is a pace that can be maintained for an unlimited time, and allows to truly take in the beauty.
Great film by you!
As a fellow traveler I have been inspired by your other videos that I haver watched. After watching this one, I am only more impressed. Thank you for sharing.
If the weather unexpectedly changed to heavy rain or snow you would absolutely turn back rather than keep going. You made the right choice to turn back and to share your experience.
You’ve lived harder than I’ve lived in my entire life and most people. You should be proud of how you’ve lived your life because you’ve lived and many of us haven’t.
As the old song goes, "You gotta know when to hold 'em. You gotta know when to fold  'em."  It's not a failure but more of an incomplete.  It was more of a test run at something you've never done before.  I think you walked away with more than you would have if you completed the trek.  I just started watching your channel and have enjoyed your videos immensely but I think this one will stick with me the most.  It could even save someone's life.  Thank you.
It sounds to me that you made the right decision. You had high altitude sickness.  You lived to fight another day. As long as you fight another day.
A very  naive idea to run that far without serious training for 9 + months---as she found out , this is NOT something to do to  increase her internet followers. Especially carrying a backpack! I have run 5 ultras and over 30 marathons--so I have a bit of experience. You are not a Navy Seal or masculine person..Only good thing was that she was smart enough not to bring her dog...and to quit before she needed  an emergency rescue team to risk their safety and spend $$$ to come get her...
Know your limits. Do not exceed them. That is a long grueling hike even if your just walking. If you feel ill don't push yourself your body is trying to tell you something. You can always go back and try again when your feeling better. I would never have even made it half of the way you did.
You did a fabulous job Eva , proud of you. If I were you I would do the same job cause my life comes before everything. Don’t feel guilty about what you did .
Eva. The ability to recognize danger is a demonstration of maturity. Altitude sickness is nothing to fool around with. I am proud of the choice you made in the end. Living to tell the tale is the most important thing.
You are fantastic!
Definitely classic case of altitude sickness.  Would have been a difficult hike without carrying gear but without being a mountain girl and the running with gear ? Almost impossible.  You did not quit though!  You did freaking awesome!! Only thing that may have helped would be to have taken a few cans of oxygen and just walked.  You are very brave and inspiring! Don’t stop doing what you do!
I watched you on your video if you're a very very beautiful and smart young girl please be safe
I personally will never hike in the wood without a co-hiker very dangerous we will lose several people in the Northwest every year they get lost or injure themselves with no backup
Only a fool doesn't know when to quit you can cost you your life and it's never worth your life
I'm from the Northwest I have actually been up on that trail you are very very smart to quit when you did very proud of you for quitting very smart dangerous to do it by yourself you probably have altitude think that you're about 8,000 to 10,000 feet where you were at
I Love Running too. I know that feeling when you have to motivate and push yourself.
I am currently watching your video - seems to be pretty entertaining. Nice content so far. BUT u say a powerbank is heavy but it could save your life BUT u leave the bear spray instead of ... a heavy camera for example? Isn't carrying a spray to survive a potential bear attack probably worth more than carrying a camera for a youtube video? Just my thoughts on this... Cheers
You would have made it on carnivore 😊
Great video! You made such a smart decision, and your willingness to share it may actually save someones life. "Quitting" is never a failure, it's a judgement call, and you made a good one. I agree, you probably had altitude sickness, combined with dehydration and electrolyte imbalance, and the only cure is time, rehydration, and rest.  It happens all the time, even to very fit athletes like yourself. Don't worry, that mountain isn't going anywhere, and tomorrow is another day. The main thing is, you will still be here to enjoy it!
Eva, you are not SuperWoman and you don't have to prove anything to us or yourself. It takes strength and courage to try, and more courage to  know your limitations and quit. You are not and never will be a quitter and you are an inspiration to so many of us who would like to be who you are. I would love to know the people who gave birth to and raised  this incredible woman. Thank you the gift you give us.
At least you had the sense to quit. You have nothing to be ashamed of, because  every body has its physical limitations.
Try the Paleo diet. It has helped me with my endurance and strength 🧠🏃🏻‍♀️
hola linda  eva .
These are exploits worthy of the 10th Mountain Division, The British SAS and the French foreign legion. next time sign up for Combat training at Fort Benning or join a team training for the Raid Gau Loise. There's a reason WHY Delta Force, Seal team6 AND Force RECON are considered elite! But remember they enjoy tremendous logistical support AND elite medical care.
👍ur a awsome lady
Yes, when we are young we do many foolish things. Knowledge can get you only so far on the journey. Wisdom is when you listen to your own heart and its Truth. Then you are free.
One of the most narcissistic creatures in youtube.
😇❤️ you had no reason to push your self that hard.❤️
😇❤️ we have the same birthday B.
😇❤️ now come back
😇❤️ you never mentioned a reason too stop.
😇❤️ do it you will be ok.
😇❤️ perfect not you just got chemtrail  sprayed Deep State is trying to kill you like everyone else crush 1 water purification pill in 16 oz of water then 1 tomorrow you will be ok it is not in you that far.❤️
😇❤️ a set of 42 will slow you down if necessary so it is done.❤️
😇❤️ F on my way was in the wrong dimension I will bring you back ❤️ your running is attracting the bear 😡
I know absolutely nothing about endurance running in nature but if you forgive me, It is noticeable that you sound not that convinced before and during this challenge. That should have an effect.
😇❤️ much bigger you need to come home to Sudbury you are under attack you are been driven too kill yourself off. There is a G bear that will be hunting you why Y I carry a gun. And you should .
I’ve just discovered your videos. This is not the first one I’ve watched, but I’m really glad you posted it. I am retired and well past being able to do such adventures anymore, but I’ve had my own failures, times when I had to turn back and say no and call it a day. It is interesting that at my stage in life, I realize I learned far more from these failures than from my successes and it is these failures that have given me some of the fondest memories and greatest stories to share with my children and grandchildren. The key skill that you’re showing here is wisdom, and that is the greatest skills to have in any adventure. I look forward to watching your future adventures. Whether you succeed or fail, they will always be enjoyed. And you and your audience will be all richer for it.
This mission needs a partner to make it a comfortable journey
27:04.  I was very glad for you.  Yes, this is a tough decision, but it's good to recognize and react properly to your own limitations.🏅
Thank you for sharing, you are a great human being. Now......to the next adventure.
Thanks
Great job , posting this video is inspiration for others to realize we have to listen to our bodies and not our nagging ego. God Bless you.
It's not an uncommon point of view that it's not how you handle your successes that determines your true character, but how you handle your failures. We all fail at times, whether we want to admit it or not. The question is, how do we want to handle it.
Apparently, you are trying to make yourself feel comfortable with the quitting haha
It seems you have been a victim of toxic positivity.
If only you took your time to enjoy your hike and brought a little more food you would have been ok. Why the need to push yourself so hard? Life goes too fast...u don't wanna miss the good stuff by hurrying....the past is gone, the future is not here, all we have is the present moment to enjoy...
From doing a lot of solo backpacking in Wa. State in the 80's it's a bad idea to push past what is reasonable.  Now days there are way more people on the trails but back then one bad decision could end poorly & it's easy with such beautiful trails to forget you are in the wilderness.  Good for you giving a reality check to people who think they can do anything.
Eva-I am a former USAF pilot. We call time to divert. Many pilots killed from what we call gethomeitis. There is nothing wrong with being smart. BTW I live in Gig Harbor I know the Mountain.
Finding your limits and deciding not to go further is not quitting.  It takes bravery to make the decision to stop.  You were smart to do so.  Tomorrow is another day.
I was always a power through kind of guy. Young, in (relatively) good shape. Maybe sometimes a bit slower, but I'd keep up. Then I moved to Florida, sea level. Now I need to hurry across Colorado on I-70 or I start feeling the altitude. Some trips are easier than others spent the night at 9,000 Plus feet and didn't have any problems other times cranking over Vail can be a problem. Altitude sickness is a hit or miss situation you could be doing good and then you're not doing good no problem turning around in fact half of the packing on Everest is to get the clients acclimated to the altitude before they go up the big slope.
I applaud your honesty and the way you explain your doubts. It describes so very much about human nature. Quitting is not defeat, it is also a triumphant decision, as great or more than finishing, like a grand finale. Kudos for an admirable woman, a human being in all senses.
OK.  During WWII - the bomber pilots would tell their crews "OK, Boys.  10,000 ft.  Time to put your oxygen masks on."  We learn from experience and making mistakes.  My _guess_ here - is that the mistake you made this time - was trying to run this.  If you had just hiked it - that would have given you more time to acclimatize to the altitude.  Thinking you were just going to blitz your way through this - caused you to not bring enough supplies if you couldn't meet your schedule.  You had nothing in reserve when things began to go wrong.  Thus - you didn't have the time to stop and rest and get used to the Altitude - and then go on.  One other thing about this - is that you didn't just go the distance you thought you did - you went through all that extra distance from having to traverse not just the distance you were going - but - walking up to place the camera, walking back to walk into the shot, then walking head - and walking back to pick up the camera.  Or ... should I say ... running ...  One other thing here is - Welcome To Your 30's.  I can remember when I got into my 30's and ... there was all this stuff I'd thought nothing of doing ... in my 20's ... that now gave me a problem.  And ... that was 40 years ago ...  You did the right thing.  You were all alone (which is actually a mistake) and you had to get yourself back to your car one way or the other.  So - evaluating your situation and making the right decision - was the correct thing to do.  Here - the next mistake you made - was getting all emotional about it.  The correct thing to do is realize you made a mistake and fix it.  _"Hunh ... I'm all fucked up ... I slept all night ... and I feel worse.  I need to adjust the plan."_  When I was in Recruit Training for the Marines - I went into it with a cold - that turned into bronchitis.  We had a certain number of sick days we could have - and not get set back in training.  If that happens they put you in a unit that is two weeks behind where you were when you got set back. No one wants to repeat an extra two weeks of Boot Camp.  So - I thought a lot about each one of those days I went to sick call.  Each time it was _"If I don't go on sick call - will I get worse?"_  If the answer was - yes - I went on sick call.  I used ALL my days of sick leave and did not get set back in training.  The next phase of training after that - was the same thing.  Now ... about those Navy Seals ...   Most of those guys are in their 20's.  Very few people can do what those guys can do.  Their training is designed to weed out the people who are anything like - normal - so that only these really exceptional people can make it.  Anyway - GL - and Stay Safe. .
I'm impressed!
Quitting sometimes the right thing to do ..  My corollary: ‘Trying is the first step towards failure’ Just kidding. Thanks for the bold and inspiring videos.
Choosing to do difficult things makes the rest of life so much easier. I like to choose my challenges and pick ones that are the most rewarding for me. I can choose things I like, but make them as difficult as I want. My longest single day was 26.5 miles and 8,300' vertical at 61 years old. Things like that give me the confidence I need to persevere in daily life.
You are very wise to turn back when your body was telling you that something is wrong.  90 miles in 3 days is very ambitious schedule when on flat ground in pleasant weather.  You are on the back side of Mt. Rainier.  You are probably suffering from the effects of altitude sickness, which can happen when you do a power hike up thousands of vertical feet.  Other things that could be going on is low glucose in the blood stream.  Maybe you have a pre-diabetes condition, which you would not know about.  You look like someone in her thirties, that is when the Aging Process is sneaking up on you.  At that age you spent 20 years of living in a very strong and healthy body where working out and exercise can keep you in your most capable condition.  So you push yourself on the Wonderland Trail.  Your body might have easily lost something very subtle, and now you don't feel well in a way you've never experienced.  Heart, circulation, kidneys, combined with eating minimal food while walking and running and climbing 25 miles per day, who knows what you are feeling? Hikers go missing all of the time, and it is often, not always, because they push on when they should have turned back. Search and Rescue finds some of them.  And some are never found.  We can thank God you turned around and made it back.
One thing that i always notice with modern hikers/adventurers/mountaineers is the bad quality of their food. Same thing with my two friends when we hiked in Dinarian Alps for 280 km in 8 days, its no wonder people always get exausted...
Maybe a bit of altitude sickness...
Remember this, quitting is just a word. I like to think of it as changing tactics. Yes in a competition or something like that then the Seal mantra works great. When you are alone on the side of  Mountain miles away from any help, you need to see things differently.
I've only just discovered your channel and am enjoying it. I'm kind of old (79), was born and now live back in Canada. You are one gutsy lady, I mean to encircle Mount Washington is one thing, but "Running" around it is mind-boggling! I'm somewhat concerned for you, however. Not that you are not capable, because you obviously are, not because you're a woman (show me the man who can tolerate giving birth!). You are in Grizzly bear country, dear lady! And, just now as I'm writing this you are saying that you dreamt that you had to fight off bears..AARRGHH!! Stay safe, stay vigilant, temper risk, and by all means, know that you matter to many. You're a Star!
Absolutely no shame in what you accomplished here.  Probably 90 percent of your viewers could not do what you did . Including me in my prime health.  You are definitely tuff and impressive and smart.
There is a ton of spiritual energy around Mt. Rainer. You may have been effected by that.
Doing what you love is always a good thing, even if you don’t complete the task…you made the attempt!  Should be extremely proud of what you have accomplished, think about all the people that you inspire to do even half of what you do!  Incredible video and incredible accomplishment.  Really enjoy watching your adventures  and look forward to my next hike and/or road trip adventure.  Thank you for the inspiration!
Nausea is something to be taken seriously. It's telling you that your physiology is not working as it should. It tells you that you could very easily push yourself too far, and that it would be difficult to come back from without rescue. You can push forever if the problem is tiredness. With nausea pushing is WRONG, and a wise person avoids WRONG behavior out alone in the wilderness. Good video.
"Sometimes we find ourselves in the middle of nowhere. Sometimes in the middle of nowhere, we find ourselves."  👌
EVA you did the right thing, you were not feeling right and pushing on just to  do it might have cause your body some harm. Nothing to be ashamed of if you did the best you could at that time!😄👌
Just discovered your story today... You're doing just fine.. Tomorrow is another day and another story.. In my younger days I did a lot of traveling in the cascades and up and down the West coast and Europe on motorcycles I built myself.. Now I'm 70 fighting cancer and the crap that comes with it..But, I have a lot of great memories... Have had to turn back a time or two myself.. Continue with your journey.. Can't wait to see you "Turn the Page".....
respect and admiration for your journey and sharing your adventures thank you
"Funny how for some of us the unrelenting perfectionist among us, broken bones or impending death feel like the only valid excuses to stop."  Ooph, I felt that. Im one of those people that has to finish what I started even if it kills me, and I've been learning those hard lessons over the years. So appreciative that you shared this journey even though you didn't reach your original destination- we need to see more of that from vloggers because that is real life. Knowing how to listen to our bodies, read our surroundings, and discern when to stop is so important. Major props to you for turning around even though it was a difficult decision.
A truly amazing young woman.
Eva, what you did wasn't quitting.  It was surviving.  You went to 7600m altitude without giving yourself even a few days to adapt.  Nobody runs that trail unless they've been living and exercising at that altitude for at least the previous week.
Great decision.  Instinctively you knew it was the right thing to do.  In the dark you could have stumbled , hit your head.  been  knocked out and and froze to death!
You pushed harder and further when the first signs came, but good move listening to your body, it's the wise thing to do. There's many other mountains 🙂
My wife is an ultrarunner, before lockdown she was doing 80k ultras a day events. Do you know hat she is the most proud of? The times when she was participating in big events and quit because her body told her so. IT is easy to keep pushing until you drop. It is waaay harder to know when to quit! Always!
ProTip: Don't buy your food from REI if you don't want to get ripped off and pay retail. prices are way cheaper at Sierra Trading Post.
That's called bonking, you need more energy gels and less hard to digest food. If you read the instructions they say one every 45 minutes and you only have 3 per day. When I used to do this stuff it was only energy gels all day and only ate regular food at dinner. At that energy level your body has no energy to spend on digestion. And you may need to pace yourself differently you have to try and see how much you can do before trying to do the whole thing.
You definitely could have made it if you stretched it out a bit more and mostly hiked and acclimatized. Trying to run it with deadlines added to the risk of failure or worse. You made the right choice to bag it. I climbed Rainier when I was 50 (now 68) and did have that never quit attitude back then. This year I met up with a bunch of young seasoned climbers to bag a 10k peak in SoCal and my HRM was pegged and I got ground down and felt crippled and sick half way up. I said "adios amigos" and headed back down filled with magical endorphins. That was the first time I ever bagged out like that and it felt great. I went back two months later and made the peak at my own pace and was fine. You are an "Amazing Thoughtful Adventurous Person." Awesome videos.
-- Navy Seal language = WE.            You are not WE.                 *_You have a right to choose who you want to be._*                      All things are impermanent.
ps you did the right thing as any thing could of happened to you it was not worth the risk eva trust me, im an older guy and have been through all that pushing myself and where i am in life now and what i have learned is just love and enjoy what you want to do as keep pushing ourselves all the time can make us very ill in the long run, mike in the uk.
hi young lady, wow i feel for you i assure you are not a quitter its all taken a hell of alot of guts to get were you are now so dont let it phase you your a tuff girl trust me ,kind regards mike in the uk.
wow your vlogs are amazing , gained a new fan  hope we can collab someday
Congratulations!!!!! Remember the word Woops !!!!!! And then say La Dee Dah  ;-)  Atleast you really really tried.  Hug Hug Bill
I'm proud of you for deciding to do it and I'm glad also I don't have to watch a Bear running behind you as others have been eaten alive on trails and out hiking I have no intentions of ever going around America's trails ever never ever .
Elevation  sickness...I think that  is was you are suffering from you should have added an exrt 2 days
Wisdom comes with maturity. Good decision. (I'm still impressed by your accomplishment!)
Or it can be intelligence ,being smart . Taking care of what really matters….YOU
SO proud of you for publishing this video! It definitely was the right thing to do. MANY people need to learn what you learned. Thanks!
Altitude thinner air
Gettin a wee grey up there. Just like me. The first time I pulled a white nose hair? Yeah. that day. Thought I was Bulletproof. Now? I make Soy and Wheat.
Eva, silly girl, for real, you're a total winner by any metric! and I was so relieved to see when you did the smart and wise thing, and made a U-turn and back to civilization!  and when finally all tired and teary-eyed, you got into that cozy bed! I though yesss, that's a smart young lady right there!   And congrats for changing your mind and your perspectine about the meaning of the Q word, you said it well, for whom am I doing this? exactly, we're the ones deciding what words mean to us no? I think that you matured one big step in those last 24 hs, talk about a winner! I'm proud of you 🥰
The most beautiful crazy woman . I wish   my youth return and redo the many crazy adventures. Is not going to happen, but At least we can watch yo and other adventurers. listen to your body as you do in the Ultras, know your limits and be thankful for your health blessing. Is a very challenging trail part  in high altitude and you are alone. Lots of patience and discipline. No shame. I reached my point of being wiser and quit as father time caught me. Is better to live in good health than face a life with many health problems.
Where is your dog?
Why run, when you can walk?
This is my favorite of your vid's. Making good decisions seems to get better with maturity. I almost conked out hiking high in the Andes when someone suggested taking an altitude pill that dissolves in the mouth and tastes good but is not a drug and works in minutes. After a coupla days I'd adjusted and didn't need them anymore. This was 40 years ago so I'm surprised that they are not more well known, even more that they are not advertised near high altitude areas. I'm sure google knows about them. 3 days is too fast to hike that trail but you could've completed your original plan with those pills if alt. was the problem. Might be time to slow down the entire program but I'm very glad you posted this vid cause it reminds me of when I was younger and wilder.
👍✌️🤲
This has to be one of the bravest and wisest videos Ive ever seen. You fought the big battle of ego vs common sense. And that can be a life saver. Love your vids. Get well and make a bunch more because we love them!
you didnt quit you chose not to die in the mountains which shows wisdom and wisdom in the woods is the only thing that keeps you alive you can always go back if you survive but dead is dead
Doing something like this requires a boatload of calories and a realistic choice of foods. It's no time to be making defiant counterculture food choices.
Feeling bad??  Low Oxygen levels will play with your body and mind. Please be careful.  Quitting?  No... it's being successful in the realization that you accept your limits; self-preservation is or should be first and foremost. You failed at nothing.
Smart is better than dead! No worries not a quitter!!
I am very glad you recognized you have bitten off more than you could chew and took the only wise solution. Because of it you got back safe and intact. The alternative would have had a high probability of ending very badly. A few times each year the local Search and Rescue has to go find and extract someone who did not take the wise steps you did. Thank you for posting. It shows that trail and area is not for the weak or unprepared.  It will do more good than you will ever know.
for the needs like you mention at 9:25 (going back to collect the camera) certainly the light weight drones can be used (they will come in the market soon to fulfill this demand only with less weight and features) So wait till that, there would be a lot of demand of this kind of gadgets to be used by Solo like you
Your gut was literally telling you to turn around and take care of yourself.
Your gut was literally telling you to turn around and take care of yourself.
Thank you for making the right decision.   It was also so much more challenging with camera equipment and going back and forth.
Dang.. not a chance in hell would I do that journey without a gun… first of all.  There are crazy people out there..and though you are probably right there won’t be a grizzly ,, although there could be…but there are mountain lions …. Bear spray would probably be enough.. but if you are halfway around and nobody to assist you…  you need a gun…. Secondly not a chance in hell would I do it.. because I’m too damned lazy… but I have to admire your spirit..    also you should have a way for authorities to be notified the minute you need them… if you ever do
my name is Ali, and ive seen several  of your videos, my question to you is?  how can you do all that moving through the land, without a weapon or weapons to defend yourself from any possible attacks from any thing out there that would want to cause you harm?? there are so,  many things stalking humans that can sneak up on you when your walking, or sleeping??? i think you should really consider having protection, to possibly save your life... I got to say, that you have some big balls, in your adventures... stay safe, and my the lord keep you in his right hand pocket... your amazing, and gorgeous...
Congratulations on doing the really hard work of learning insight and evaluating experientially confusing beliefs. You appear to be a very bright, emotionally stable young (well you're a lot younger than me!) woman. I find your journey inspiring. I wish you the best in your path forward. And don't kid yourself, the kind of insight derived from experience is difficult to acquire. It takes a lot of work. Good job!
David Goggins heh?
you never know , it could have been serious people die from things that happen in the body
Your an amazing person Eva, an inspiration to all of us
Pajamas, Ok, but the bear spray? Well, that's fine, until you really wish you had it! It was a bad decision because it's NOT heavy, and it could save your life! With that said, I think you showed a lot of growth and wisdom, in knowing when it was time to turn around. Your pride and determination were telling you to push on, but your body and your mind was telling you to turn around and go back... It would have been reckless to continue, so it was a good decision!
Hey Eva thank you for that beautiful video which displays very good how hard it is to fight against yourselve. I think everybody hast to find his right way even if it means to stop for a while or to go few steps backward. In this moment it shows you how strong you realy are. But beside that I have as well a short question. How good is the clip you are using for your camera at your backpack and maybe the manufactorer?
Going into that country without a SAT phone and a large caliber handgun is INSANE!..Europeans just don't understand that on this continent nature will kill you!
Where's your dog?
What a beautifully crafted story.  Kudos to your creativity and messaging !
Altitude sickness ain't no joke. I camped out with some friends in Colorado at around 9500 feet elevation. Simply chopping wood for a camp fire had me feeling drained and out of breath like I'd ran a 10K.
Guess often the sensible way takes most courage... Nice to see authentic blog with the we don't need another hero thing going..
Eva... In my 74 years of life I have learned that 'perception of self' & the words you use to describe yourself are the most important things, i.e. - You didn't quit... Your intelligence told you it was more beneficial & self preservation(al) to turn back... 'Smart move' | You go places and do things that 98% of people would never dream of doing or trying... You push yourself out of your comfort zone... 'You are constantly growing' | I learned this: If you tried & succeeded = You Succeeded... If you tried & didn't succeed = You Learned... If you didn't try at all = You Failed... You, dear lady are on the right path of human growth... I congratulate you, on jobs we'll done!
It took 3 tries for all my hard climbs, each as earnest to make it ... if you keep at a goal good chance you'll succeed 🍺
Love your video ❤ 💕 ♥ 💗
I live in Seattle Washington yeah that's a good workout and it's difficult I'm glad you made it
I have become very familiar with all the various ways that those inner, deeper parts of a person, will make you pay attention, when what you are trying to do is to move a little more outside of the walls of life, that have kept you living a life that is too confined for you. There are so many "phases" of that process. The running and the conditioning it involved was once a new horizon, but now it is another place to be careful not to become too invested in. The thing to be invested in is you, and all the things your life will become as you allow yourself to reach and achieve, and then move beyond that to the next adventure and broader understanding of who and what you are.  You did great on the trip. I had an experience very similar to how you felt on this trip. I was going to hike a trail in northern Minnesota called the Superior Hiking Trail. I was going to hike from the Canadian border to my hometown of Duluth, 265 miles and take about 19 days to do it. Three weeks before the hike I injured my left knee. By the time the start day of the hike came my knee was about 80%. Because of all the planning and gear and food purchased and how fast I tend to heal, I went ahead and began, hoping the knee would heal. It's a rugged single track trail. Lots of up and down and rocks and roots. I quit the hike after five days and 52 miles. With both knees in a lot of pain.   On the fourth day I felt fine after breakfast (oatmeal 🙂) which was my breakfast each day. I had lots of stuff in it, so it wasn't just oats. Anyway, after about an hour I started to lose energy. I felt like I had the flu as far as how low my energy was. I had a twelve mile day to do and it took all day. I made it just before dark. It felt like my body was pulling out all the stops to tell me that tomorrow I needed to stop, which I did. I actually felt pretty good the next morning, about 80% back to normal.  I still hike a lot, and did a hike in Glacier National Park this last September. Great place and a great time, except for getting charge by a Grizzly bear.   Anyway, you're doing fantastic on this journey of yours. I really enjoy the videos and you, and I'm looking forward to more of them.
Well done young lady, and you are right, it was most likely beneficial for some to see this. Thanks for sharing.
In mountain climbing they say getting to the summit is optional, but getting home is a requirement. You absolutely made the right choice.
Hello Eva..just found this wonderful channel and have been binge watching for 4 hours now....haha....I probably missed something but where did your dog go on this run?
Thanks so much for publishing the comments. Sometimes you have to know when to quite. Your strength and good decision making will save the lives of more driven people than you know. God Bless you and your family, Grandmother and supporters.
Sounds like altitude sickness.   My unsolicited advice:  Hike the trail first. Enjoy the views. Get good video and images. Get yourself acclimated to the altitude. Then run the trail if you really want to.   Bring two extra days of food.   Bring the bear spray. It also works on mountain lions, which may see you running, or walking, and think you are prey.   Don't make decisions based on ego. Don't worry about what others will think. Sit down and decide what you want.   You didn't quit. You still had to endure a full day of hiking/running. You did what was necessary to extricated yourself from a bad situation. Impressive, actually.
Just walk! Save the running for when a bear is chasing you! :-)
If you have enough provisions ,, take a extra day to recoup and let your body catchup !
Most men cannot do what you have , amazing stamina and determination .
When you're sick you're sick. It happens to everyone. No shortcuts.....
Sometimes, in my life, I have found that it takes as much courage to accept defeat as it does to do something stupid.
What you did was absolutely the right decision & publishing it proved your bravery and honesty. It’s not quitting; it’s just a change of direction in one’s journey through life. You are inspirational; thank you for sharing.
It’s not easy doing this alone. I know a lot of people who have walked the entire appalachian trail. But they did it with friends and groups. It took them around 4-6 months but they were successful. Try again but next time take friends. 🤲🌺. Thank you for trying and giving us examples of what is feasible and what’s not.
Very honest, very inspiring, very true!
Have you ever thought about what you will be doing in case you face a big  bear in the woods or at night??!or u might fall break a leg or something might happen to u?!! This solo trips for making such a crazy  adventurous videos are a bit of amateur.... And... A bit  irresponsible
What was the preparation for this? I trained progressively for a year before being able to do 32km per day in mountains. Doing more, with more gear for several days is beyond me.
Happy people stop and smell the roses. Especially when you visit some of the most amazing gardens on earth. Absorb the journey. Im providing all this advice on the esoteric side of things but I am really in awe at what you accomplished in one day. That was no small pack to run with. You inspire in all ways.
When rushing this trail there is no time for real inner contemplation. Its still the same self optimization as in our daily life. You did the trail, but you didnt feel it. Indeed its harder for you to do this trail without a camera. Your camera was the rope for your mind to not fall into real self contemplation and to see real nature. To see your inner being.
My God, girl. You are the wisest person I have seen in my life. Additionally, you have an incredible amount of ambition, courage, and strength. Altitude was the monster you had to overcome as has been said in comments below. The only other aid that could have helped is something I‘m sure you don’t want to accept. A companion would have given you the support you needed and that couldn’t have been Vilk. 2 heads are better than one in so many ways.  I’ve been in your situation trail running long distances in the Wasatch (Utah). I did the unthinkable. I pushed myself too hard and had a series of heart attacks. I loved running and I love the mountains still. But I will pay the price one day as I am certain my life has been shortened by my damaged heart muscle.  However, you have taken consolation in the fact that you did learn something which is very significant. Just to demonstrate how wise you are I wish to point it out in the phrase that Plato attributed to Socrates. “The unexamined life is not worth living.” You tested your limits, lived to tell the story, and made yourself a better person. Life doesn’t get any better than that.  We could have made a hell of a team had our timelines and paths crossed. At 31 years old (born 2 years after the fall of the Warsaw Pact), you were just 3 years old in Poland when I was first teaching as a young Fulbright Professor next door at the Belarusian State University. Nearly half of my students were Polish. With our synergy we could have conquered the world. The universe can be very cruel.
Health and safety should be priority. You're a winner for knowing when to stop 💯❤
Take care of the cartilages on your knees. If you have a backpack medium to heavy, don't run. Stemcell cartilage treatment is costly.
the stream water got you sick
This was a great video thank you for sharing yourself like this. You started and tried. That is more then most people would do you should be proud of yourself
Eva, don't think of it as quitting. That's too negative. Just say " I guess that's enough for today". Then do more tomorrow, or next week. It's your life. Take charge.
That's a brutal trail. I tried to hike it 50 years ago & had to quit halfway around.
Great footage.  Are you using an SLR and a Gopro?  I can't imagine doing those selfie shots with an SLR.
You are tough but sensible. Pushing yourself until you collapse is false pride. The testosterone program of never quitting is a hyped-up attitude for warfare, and even then the best soldiers sometimes surrender when they are faced with insurmountable odds. The all-powerful U.S. military has quit many times when there was nothing left to prove and the mission turned out to be unworthy of further sacrifices. That's okay. That's life. You are obviously searching for your soul to overcome something deeply lost years ago... let that go and you will reclaim the true self you were meant to be. Surrender is not quitting. Quitting is not surrendering. Living in the truth is a victory no matter the consequences. You stopped because your body told you to do so, even as you struggled against your ego to prove yourself worthy of succeeding in yet another artificially created challenge. You can live life to the fullest without constantly challenging and pushing yourself. Just discover the real Eva inside, and be content and happy that you are one of God's miracles. Good luck on your life journey and endeavors. Take a break and go to a luxurious spa. Put on some make-up, fine clothing, and enjoy a night out with some friends. Please share that glamorous side of you with us, your followers. God bless you, and godspeed.
Wow. Thanks for being real and showing that the right choice isn’t always the choice you want it to be.
"The path is the goal".
High altitude sickness is nothing to mess with. Growing at sea level, every timewe went high up in the mountains i fought it.  You did great. Nothing to be ashamed about. The fact that you ran the trail is amazing.
Mad Respect, there are no words that can describe the level of amazement and amount of respect I have for you! Great Job and thank you for bringing us along and sharing your journey!
Well Eva, you have learned a valuable lesson in backcountry decision making and leadership.
She is deep in Bigfoot country, hope she doesn't get attacked.  Also wolves in the Mount Rainier area let alone black bear. The town of Greenwater is famous for its Bigfoot sightings. When I am in the area I'm heavily armed for self-defense protection.
A cleverly and beautifully told story! Today it's a rarity. I'm glad I could experience it. Regards, Grzegorz
Well done girl correct decision, theres no loss there.
Eat more food!
You are missing the Greatest adventure of all. Faith in Christ. No wonder your feeling alone.
Take into account high altitude sickness
Well, it's certainly all about you, eh?  Totally self-absorbed.
Smart girl God bless
look i know u dont see comments but for the same reason u posted this video i am writing this .... for a moment there when i saw the tittle i got scareddd i thought u were quiting all of thiss the travel etc etc ,. but huhhh u are quiting half a mountin ...... how many mountains have u conquerdddd ... keeps this up and if u ever doubt urself for anything just come down here at the commentss ... i have been a marine for 8 years i know exactly what are u talking about and they actually teach us that bc most of the times works .... but wokrs to get the job done not that they care for the person the body or the human .... love u all what u do and it would be one of the greatest wishes of my life to travel with u ..... even if it is for a day ..
You are strong and did/ are doing your very best Eva! :) Never give up. :)
Yes take a break drink lots of beer and buy guns it always cheers me up. LOL. 😅
In much younger days I did a fair amount of alpine hiking summiting several of the peaks in Washington and Oregon. The group I climbed with had the philosophy that when it came to questionable conditions, it was always better to turn back since the mountain would always be there for another day. When Mount Saint Helens erupted blowing 2000 feet off the top, using always may have been to definite?
Honey, you did great. However, there are animals out there that will kill and eat you. Never go by yourself. Even if you're armed. You fall down and break a leg, you're SOL.
You did not quit. You saw an issue, recognized an issue and made the right decision. I admire you for that.
Always. I repeat always listen to your body!
Eva, You didn't quit.  You came to the realization of your situation, and changed your mind based on how you was physically feeling. You made the right choice.  That's called wisdom. Throw away the word (quitting).
Excellent video!!!! I'm glad you're wise and listened to yourself and turned back. You're very brave and inspiring! Hope you're feeling better!🤗
Brilliant!!!
Epiphanies can be fun.  Or not, when it involves hitting the wall.  But. oh the wisdom we gain!  Keep questing.  Jess
Hello Eva, thank you for sharing this with me. I don't know you. But more people should have a small piece of your general thinking. Best regards Robert
this is an important lesson for all who believe themselves infallible.. anyway i would say the whole thing was a great success for you, which you'll look back on with pride in future years
You did the right thing
You didn't quit making a video about running the trail. But you did listen your body and trust your gut. I think true wisdom is knowing when to stop and when to keep going, and when to accept that feeling, and these emotions are deeper than the words we use to express them.
Hi Eve, how are you?  Well, I was watching your video, and I decided to send you this message, which I hope will help you understand our mission here on this planet and universe of which everything is, we are all a part, and there is no possible separation.  Do not confuse or believe everything your mind tells you, or what you read, or what people tell you.  For everything is mental, and pure illusion.  Because everything that exists is temporary, it just doesn't exist, and I mean absolutely everything, even the planets will one day disappear.  But for now, both our planet and the universe will remain here for a few more billions of years.  What I mean is that everything we are living day by day are just experiences, nothing more.  But we are not those experiences, we are just the consciousness, aware of those experiences, nothing else.  Everything is a mental optical illusion.  We can and should have the experiences we want while we are here, but we have to be aware that everything is just a temporary and illusory physical experience.  We don't have to prove anything to anyone, even to our mind, because we are not our mind, we are consciousness, we are the universe, eternal, responsible for everything that exists.  Because without consciousness, there could be no experience, that is, everything would be empty, nothing.  As the philosopher, St. Augustine said, "Love and do what you will."  That is our true mission here on this planet and universe.  To love and experience whatever we desire, without identifying ourselves with anything.  Because, everything and everyone, we are just one, CONSCIOUSNESS.
I know somebody said illness is altitude sickness but I thought when you collected river water with no boiling facilities it might take you down
There's a time to stop when your body says NO. You don't have to prove yourself Eva. Listen to your body. I used to hike almost 2x a week before severe Delta  covid'19 variant hit me last year and I almost cannot scale my loft cabin's stairs. But slowly I gain strength, tried to hike 2 major hikes and 1 minor  last July, October and last week of November but my body has slowed down really and painful muscles. I still love hiking but planning to do only minor climbs to avoid further muscle and joint damage. It isn't quitting, its giving my body time to fully recover and heal. Stay safe, healthy, happy adventurer and inspiring beautiful Soul as you are.   Namaste🙏❤🙏❤
You have made a wonderful commitment to loving life and living it fully. I enjoy your videos and wish you well always. You have broken out of the common life. Well done!
see you come to home,moment,its so happy!an unforget journy!你是最棒的！
The only good reason to knowingly risk your life, is when another life depends on you.
Excellent video. Everything doesn't have to turn out perfectly as expected.
Good for you Eva, you made the right decision!
I have only seen two or three of your videos, but you are one HELL of a gutsy lady. Best always to you and your companions!
A winner knows when to change direction.
Use common sense.        Life is too short.     Enjoying nature is what you should do !!
I loved the video. First of all at 62 years of age I miss running! But the fact that you chose the right decision for that day and had the courage to make this video tells me you are a genuine outdoors woman. That is cool!!!
I had a friend that was out deer hunting in the alps of northern CA. Weather turned a little sour, rain but hey, it was early in the day. He pushed on hoping to have a successful hunt. The rain continues as he came across a camp with a couple other guys in it. They told him looks like its going to get worse and he should stay there till it passed but he was a "STUD / STRONG guy" and continued on. Ultimately the rain turned to snow and visibility was bad. He got lost and didn't make it back to his own camp or through the night in the snow. Making a decision to accept help or turn around when needed is the biggest win. You'll live to see another adventure.  🙏
I literally just joined and I have to say, thank you. America is a country like any other, beautiful and ugly in it's own ways. I just subscribed an hour ago because of your rodeo video, thank you for reminding me of some of the best parts of a country upbringing here in the US.
I once held the same philosophy of not quitting. But after a few experiences such as this, I no longer hold myself to such high standards. I still plan crazy adventures, but I do not get as emotional when I decide I must turnaround. We are human, and there are days ahead that you’ll experience the rewards of accomplishment…and there will be more days such as this. The fact that you dream, train, and try..,is all that matters. Enjoy the moment.
Hey sis, i guess you know that by now there are hundreds of very decent great guys (& girls) who find you adventurous brave & absolutely adorable & even sexy, too and we love how you take good care of Vail and just because you experienced a bad divorce..doesnt necessarily mean that youd ever have to experience that kind of pain again..(just as long as you think things trough carefully and make sure you're making yourself as available as "they" are acceptibly making themselves availble to you.. Btw...youll discover that EVERYTHING is not necessarily a competition and that Sincere love & adoration can& will work both ways.. One last serious note: have you read "Missing 411" David Palides..please youtube it first and absolutely be aware of what "could" happen to you going out on these single hiking events!
The winner is the one that lives to fight another day. You know when to hold them and you know when to fold them.  I think if you gave your self 5 days, you would have made it, but making the decision to go back was a smart choice. I am new to your channel and will need to catch up with other episodes that you already produced. Looking real good so far kid. You will make a damn good Marine.
Great video. Right calls - both to turn back at that point and then to publish. "The better part of valor is discretion".
Thank you for this. I hiked 300 miles of the AT .. I fell in the Smokies… I’m 60 yrs old , it was already a bad knee. I still hiked more miles , but I knew I had to go home. God bless you . Enjoy!
At the 18 min mark it was clear you were acutely hypoxic. I think your world of experience helped you make good decisions, that people with less experience might have missed. Glad to see it end well for you. I hope others following your journey learn from you.  For those unaware, hypoxia is not strictly altitude dependent. Fatigue, hydration, hormones and even diurnal (time of day) effects all play a factor. It is rarely the primary cause of mortality, but is a strong causal factor in injury and death because we just cannot think critically, and our senses and balance get impaired. We make mistakes and pay the price. Crossing that log and rocks over the water was the perfect place for it to make an accident. I've been there.   Just saw your channel for the first time today. Sticking around for more. Thanks.
I'm very proud of you Eva... You did the right thing guaranteeing that you live to fight another day. Getting sick is not a failure. $&it Happens and is just part of life...
Where's your dog ?
Impressive. Try walking it next time. Wisdom is about turning around like you did. The only person you have to please is yourself.
Classic signs of early warnings of altitude sickness.
WHAT IMPORTANT IS THAT YOU DID YOUR BEST! WHAT A CORAGEOUS GIRL !
great stuff! 💜
There is no glory without pain and sacrifice
Dearest Lady Eva, I can tell you for a fact, you are not a looser, I can't even begin to tell you how much I appreciate you and admire you, watching your vlog is, no less than inspiring, every time,  (That's every time) ... You the best ... Cheers Mate ...
Easy stuff made difficult and then quit. Lol Wasted time on making the video instead of covering some distance.
Given that you werent feeling well , turning back was the intelligent/prudent thing to do . Pushing yourself beyond your limit could have led to a heart attack , stroke or just getting hurt out of shear exhaustion . Rainer will always  be there and Better safe than sorry , just my 2c worth
You didn't quit!  Conditions changed, you responded intelligently.  In fact, your documented experience here could greatly benefit others who go out and attempt to push themselves way too far.  Sometimes these people wind up dead or, if not, permanently injured for life after having been rescued by emergency responders.  I suppose if you were in a wartime situation and amid a real battle wherein an enemy was trying to kill you and your buds, you would have little choice to either push through and maybe live to tell the tale or actually be killed.  You used the word "indoctrination" several times.  Indoctrination smacks of religion, and how has that generally panned out for many in this world?  Indoctrination is uncompromisingly rigid and unforgiving, like religion. Good work at taking the time you needed to fully logically analyze your predicament, make a competent decision, and then actually follow through.  I'll say that your experience here was more interesting than if you had made it all the way around as planned and found "success".  I'm glad you didn't withhold this adventure and chose instead to share it. Well done!!
what's that bottle at 9:30?
So glad you took care of yourself first and didn’t give in to a pressure to push past common sense. 😊 I have friends that live in that area who have seen a mountain lion (cougar) on their hike in Mount Rainier. Cougars are common in the area. I was worried that since you didn’t have bear spray and you were running ( which attracts cougars) that you were in danger. Another reason I’m glad you didn’t continue. Love your vlogs! God bless you and keep you safe.❤
I had a lot of interest in watching what you do then I found out you were not a Christian, perhaps that is why you can never find what you were looking for. I don't watch your shows anymore. You are a lost soul, Typical of what comes from Britain
You left the bear spray behind?!  Please, don’t do that again.
Eva,  Again you are alone on a hard hike, why oh why do you do the things you do? Live, Love Aloha...
I am somaliAmerican. For me I cannot go camping alone by myself. I can not travel like the way you are enjoying the camping. I wish I could go to those places but for my safety .I  didn’t understand why she put the pack on hanging the trees? What is the purpose?
Better to be cozy and warm before your body failed and you became a cold skeleton. You da gal.  Know your limits. Realize when your body isn't keeping up with your brain.  Remember: the majority of bad-arsed people who go for being a SEAL fail and ring the bell and go home. :D  Stay safe.
You are human!  Otherwise you would have led others astray..  We all have limits.  Also avoid dehydration and heat stroke, personal experience.  Easy to do.  You probably  knew all about that, tho. But I am 75, forgive an old man’s fatherly, inappropriate concerns. Makes me angry about social norms that make s less than we can be, even if overreaction against those constraints.  Have confidence in your obvious strength, on display here, to make the right decision even when you were unable to think clearly for physical reasons outside your control.
Some Ultra athletic endurance guys would have dropped dead by now.   God I want to jump into the screen and rescue you!   I do (did) well at altitude.  But I know your agony, but I knew what was going on and new what to do.  Easiest is to lose altitude.  Bolivian trains used to rock O2 makes in passenger cars.  And that was for native Bolivians and Peruvians.  Also chew coca leaves andor drink coca tea.  Really, improves circ.
You can’t see your lips and in that state can’t think clearly.  You did very well.
Oh god I’m watching this and the only way I can take it is bowing logically that you came out ok. You grew up apparently on the Northern European Plian. What would you know about sirroche?
Instantly thought altitude.  I’ve lived at altitude, outside Rocky Mt Natl Park plus trail ridge plus Cuzco etc. I could to,erase it pretty well, but your symptoms were classic. You did right to bail, you could have died.  My brother in law stepped off the plane in Cuzco (almost 4,000 meters) and ended up several hours later in the local hospital with “sirroche” (sp?, altitude sickness).
Eva  - to you and anyone else attempting anything in backcountry wilderness, pls read (and periodically reread) "Deep Survival" by Laurence Gonzales (the subtitle - Who Lives, Who Dies, and Why - is very telling). The wisdom it contains may save your life.  I am a field conservationist, certified EMR, been a safety educator, and have been venturing into the back country and under the ground (cave explorer) for nearly 50 years and this book is still a "must read" for me. You will be encouraged (and validated) to know that one of his assertions is that it is the mark of a good outdoors person to recognize when to abandon "The Plan" and turn back when faced with any of the innumerable adversities that can occur when we venture out of our comfort zone. Best of luck in your future adventures.
I have hiked many trails and would never run one, including the one your on. I get why you are doing the trail but i dont know why you would run you burn more caleries in turn can cramp, the need for more food and water. suppose to injoy the hike take your time and injoy nature.
No sasquatch encounters for what this mt is famous for? Wood knocks, whoops, tree breaks, or growls?
Your adventure was awesome because of the fact that you decided to turn back.  If you would have continued with your extreme hike and completed it it would have been a cool video also. But turning back for the right reasons is what really made this video for me.
Don't cry beautiful
Honestly it was a bad idea top begin with.  Please don't don't wander out too far by yourself.  We are not equipped like the animals.
Eva you must have ran twice the distance after all the editing!!! More terrain changes, carrying large weights, no support, no backup, on top of all the other normal ultra challenges! You demand too much of yourself. We learn more of our failures than successes. I don't think you quit out of choice, your body was telling you your limits. Best of luck with everything x
I didn't make it to the top of boundary peak when I tried. I don't feel bad about it. I still had fun. I'm in my mid 50s. I did make it to the top of Mt Lassen and lit a cigarette.
Yeah, at about 10:00 it really looks less painful. I am glad that you have at least conditioned for the trip, and it looks like a good pace as well. If you were able to use Trekking poles that might help the hands swelling. Downhill, 45 minutes, yeah! Any problems with HAS? This was not part of the Plan, so there is no shame in trying another day when your body is in a good spot. The last thing I ever want is having to be rescued because I pushed a bad situation. You are a smart woman who knows how to make the correct decisions. You have matured and have gained wisdom in your choice making. You are a safer person making logical decisions. You are a better person for this. It was not life and death like Special Ops personnel, this was an adventure to be enjoyed, not torment to survive.
I didn't see where you quit; you only had to change from plan A to plan B.  I live in Washington State and I would never even consider running that trail at any time in my life.  My best is to hike half that distance in about three days.  Many times plan B is the smart choice so you are only guilty of doing the smart thing.  Good for you Eva!
Living the area of Mt. Rainier (The Mountain) all my 74 years I have hiked almost every trail in the park including most sections of the Wonderland Trail.  It's fun to see Eva hiking the trails I"m familiar with since I started hiking in 1966.  The rest of the Cascade Mountains and the Olympic Mountains are a hiker's paradise too and I have many memories of my hiking and backpacking there. Eva, if you ever get back here, try to hike (not run) in the North Cascades National Park and The Olympic Mountains National Park. The beauty and serenity is overwhelming. By the way, most people take 2 weeks to do the Wonderland Trail.
Loose some altitude…
Rest. That is dangerous!
What happened to slowing down? Taking your time? ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ Lol…
You are crazy for attempting that ALONE!  Its not the four legged dangers so much as the two legged ones.  If a human doesn't get you a bokwus will.
Hi Eva. Your story hit a chord for me and made me remember when I had a similar sort of epiphany on a trail, and a more tame one than the one you were doing. Really, RUNNING the Wonderland Traill!?!?!? I was out of words watching and kept asking myself why is she doing this to herself? I get the hike part. I get the push yourself to your physical limits part. But running the Wonderland Trail, a trail that I have always held in awe and still haven't attempted yet... walking, not running. I decided many years back to do the John Muir Trail in 3 parts and thought at the time that real dudes don't need tents. My hiking buddy was of the same mind so we set off from Yosemite Valley for the first 4 day sprint without benefit of a tent. Why carry the weight when you're going for speed at least in the first stage SB. Maybe in the higher country further south we'd see about that later. Mother Nature was amused by my arrogance and sent a puffball ice storm of frozen slop our way and froze the arrogance out. We camped too high up for any effective shelter and having somehow decided to take a "shortcut" over Vogelsang Pass put us too high to build a proper fire. So, I remember spending an absolutely miserable night in my sleeping bag backed up against a little tree offering precious little shelter. Next morning, it was a compete abandoning our plans and race down the mountain and leave the John Muir Trail barely started and to this day, unfinished. Once off the mountain, I went into the sporting goods store where I worked and bought the best North Face tent they had and used it for the next 20 years. Nature will take our attitudes and pride and smack us sideways sometimes. There is no downside in calling yourself back from the brink of disaster. Your video will make many folks think about stuff that needs to be thought about. Thanks for your huge breath of honesty on this.
Remember when you were packing, getting ready to load your pack? The two things you can never discard are your personal responsibility to your health and safety, and your personal responsibility to make the most prudent judgements regarding plan alterations.   In any and every wilderness difficulty, these two things become your own 'Hard and Fast Rules' and they supersede all other plans or schedules or desires.  These rules are UNIVERSALLY RESPECTED AND EVEN URGED. You certainly did the right thing and should be proud of yourself for having done so. As you grow in your own management of 'personal' guarding and responsibility, this experience will only strengthen your resolve to 'always' take care of 'you' first. To hell with what 'anyone' else may think. Do you know that on ships there are 'actions' that don't need the 'Captains' permission? That's right ---- doing the prudent life-saving thing NEVER needs anyone's permission and never will.  So Bravo ! to you. Hold your head high and teach others to do the same.
I have loads of respect and admiration for the life you live and the challenges you take on. This one is an absolute burly one. Big props to you regardless of how it turned out. I'm not sure if you are familiar with him but after watching so many videos of the extreme running challenges so many try, I always come back being in awe of what Matt Graham is able to accomplish. How many miles he can do per day, In home made sandals, and barely any gear, mostly foraging along the way. Truly amazing and super human.
Amazing, very inspiring. Which trail is this? Where is it which states more details, please.  Waking up in the morning with those mountains is absolutely incredible.
I am not fully through the video, but I have to say that by the end of the first day, I am observing that you meet the proverbial definition of having "bonked."  This is a situation in which you run through your normal reserves of energy, you are dehydrated, probably low on needed minerals and other nutrients, and at real risk of complete exhaustion.  I have been there before.  Perversely, your appetite can drop way off, and you need to force yourself to eat.  Usually, if you get enough water and nutrients in you, you will rebound a bit the next day.  But your body was telling you urgently to back off.  You may actually have saved your life.  Had you pressed your body further, it could have been dangerous.  Exhaustion can lead to bad decision-making, disorientation and losing the trail.  That looked like too big of a wilderness area to risk that in.
Maybe if you shaved you could have lightened your load.
Spoiled cry baby trust fund baby.
Growing up at the foot of Mt. Rainier, I know for a fact that people underestimate our wilderness all the time - to their peril, or their death. Research, and talking to ‘old-timers,’ of the mountain; and climbers/hikers of the area, is highly recommended. You’re a smart woman, and you surely saved your life.
So you ran a hiking trail instead of walking it and you cried about the inevitable results of your decision. Um ok.
Amazing video
The trail around. Mt. Rainier is where I spent my time hiking and camping as a Boy Scout. One fifty mile hike my father went into a diabetic coma, so we had to cut the trip short .  I felt lucky to have grown up in the PNW, and these outdoor adventures lead to my career as a fish and wildlife biologist.
Hi Mz.Eva!It'sMeAnnie!IHadToSubscribeOver~It'sBeenSuchANightmare~JustSoFondOfMyTubePeeps~GladIFoundYou💝💝💝
I was the head medical officer when we went to the Mountain Warfare Training Center and had to send one of our team back down due to altitude sickness. He was pissed but later thanked me because it kept him from really getting sick. I was one of the oldest of the team and I fortunately was able to keep going, but I felt it. As my body ages and I can’t do what I used to, my advice is to do what you can, but safely. Pace yourself. Your journey is awesome, I live with regret from things that I did not do, but now cannot. I try to teach my children that and use your travels as an example. May God bless you and protect you on your travels. Know that you bring much joy to those who are able to share in your journey. “Keep on trucking!”
Incredible  Tip I learned  Solar charger flex panel on top of your pack will help allot with remote charging
Came across your channel today for the first time and I have been binge watching for four hours absolutely awesome. Have you thought about Austria its very beautiful.
Food cache at Sunrise, absolute must on that hike.
5:18 !
I'm not a navy seal 😂, but I have climbed, Hill-walked and mountaineered for 50 years. Any mountain guide will tell you to constantly assess your situation and act with wisdom and realism. Good on you.
Great work.  I'm a lone traveler also.  Like Odysseus, Aeneas, the train hoppers of the 30's, the Dharma Bums, etc. your videos express the travails, but also the exhilaration of the lone, and often lonesome, traveler.
Cool!!! Trail running!!! 😍🍻🍺
what is your rucksack model and your camera clip?
You didn't quit...If that had been me, with the very unlikely situation of having reached the shelter and set up the tent, me qutting would mean calling emergency services and being air lifted, nice and comfy, being given a bed and hot coffee and telling all the firemen around me how long I walked, no, definitely NOT going back ... what...50 km?!
Allah created  all.
Ah forget about running around Mt. Rainier, just sit and drink Rainier beer
Good job,
Always another day, get a pack animal carry more supplys , take more time, 30 miles on foot, up and down. Lamas for packing, they eat anything like a goat.
Should have taken dog
Exactly right regarding context. If you’re running and have a support team, then you can push more than is safe. Or if you need to be over a mountain to safety to avoid an incoming forest fire, then you don’t quit till you’re safe (yeah, that was vomit-inducing fun).  Otherwise, if your head and body are saying quit, then do what you did.   Besides, it isn’t quitting, it is changing your plans. Flexibility and adapting to changing situations are the core skills here. Any pig-headed nitwit can keep going far beyond what is wise. It takes emotional and intellectual intelligence to know when it is time to be flexible and adapt to the circumstances.   You demonstrated that intelligence in this video. Thank you for sharing.
you are a winner
You know how much you can do. your body is telling you something. do what you think is best.
Always take  Your bear spray because of mountain lions Bobcats bear people  Doesn't matter how heavy that bear spray is safety 1st
You did succeed.
You have altitude sickness….
stop please,.. he didnt deserve your love,..go forward knowing ..you have proved yourself true....so get back to home....when you get there you are the top,..noone can touch you again,...stop please you have prooved it and more,..be with loved ones and family,..and find peace.    love M
I think it’s funny when I see skinny hikers complain about their heavy backpack when it’s about the same weight as some fat people like me carry around an extra 40 pounds every day just walking 😆 Go Eva!!
So glad you made the right decision.  Much respect , you are the winner in the end.
You are incredible!  So inspiring!  I'm curious how much did your pack weigh and how many calories did you bring for each day?  I'm training for my own self supported ultra right now...feeling very nervous :)
Finally You came full circle................you are a special one...enjoy your adventures..
I'm an old guy who has been on many epic hiking adventures.  Yes, part of the experience of being in nature is to physically challenge ourselves as it is the only way to take in the abundance of the natural world.  However, I learned long ago that despite best preparation and single-minded determination sometimes in the natural world the odds turn against you.  Be it weather, terrain conditions or an off day physically, there are always dozens of things that cannot be anticipated. All this said, the most cherished outcome of any epic outdoor adventure is to RETURN HOME SAFELY and be able to share the experience.
Knowing when to say when is one of the most valuable skills. Just ask any mountaineer who goes for Earths most dangerous mtns, letting the ego go and obeying your gut can save your life. What you've done is very admirable
You decided to run it???  That’s bonkers
Not enough oxygen. Lips look bluish. Plan B.
Taking unnecessary risk is and continuing no matter what you gone achieve the reward being alive is more than any achievements.
You are a warrior! You did not quit. You changed mission. Quitting is laying down and calling for help. You picked up your stuff and walked out. Seals do it for life and death of their teammates. It is not applicable on a nature hike and self challenge. Relax and enjoy it!
You should be prepared for what's coming--- watch Canadian Prepper.
Altitude Sickness.
Eva, Eva, Eva....there is nothing wrong with quitting no matter what platform. Navy Seals quit all the time. They simply don't believe they "can do it". Quit while you're ahead. I spent 23 years in a horrible marriage with the "I can't quit attitude". I  quit because I was losing me. I contemplated suicide all the time. You gotta quit when you know you are NOT going to make it, just as you did. Just as I did. You didn't lose much. I lost 20 years. I love your programs because I get to live your life vicariously. Had I been smart and ended marriage 1 when I was in my 20s, who knows the better roads and trails I could have been happier in. But, those years are gone. I've been happily married now for almost 25 years. It's the journey that I always felt I deserved. You're a trooper!
A "keeper of the forest" spotted behind you sprinting across the trees at 28:25 !
Wonderful filming loved it you did awesome
You are very brave to make and share that video and you should proud of who you are and how you made your decision. Good for you and I do totally understand stand as I have been there!!! 🙏🙏👏👏👍🤔
Praise God you did the right thing! But let me just also say this: Can we just stop for a moment and appreciate all the hard work you are putting into your videos. Mostly being your own camera woman and doing it all by yourself: B-rols, trying to get the right perspective every time to not make it boring, editing for hours I imagine etc.  I first realized that with Itchy Boots whom you know for sure! At least her work.  You guys are a phenomena for me. Keep it up but please be careful as well.  God bless you and protect you!
I think if you filmed it different so you didn't have to get back for picking up your camera, you would have done a hole lot more of your distance. But hey, you're not dead yet and if you want to try it again, just go for it.
Did you get altitude sickness? It's OK to stop. Live and Learn.
The best and most delightful way to do this sweetheart is with a young strong male to carry the heavy load and share a sleeping bag to keep you warm at night. Afterwords the bond you create with lasting memories will keep you together for the rest of your lives. 🥰
I think by posting this video, you will save lives. Well done!!!. LIstening to your body is an important skill.
This video is really inspirational. You are amazing eva! Thank you for sharing this perspective to the world. 🥹🫶🏽
Be true to yourself, good job !
Eva, you are incredible. Thank you for sharing. I loved your video and the message it sends. Thank God you listened to your inner self and did what was right for your body and your being. You are truly an inspiration and I really admire you. God bless you always.
The body is a beautiful and amazing machine that will do everything the mind demands. It performs despite its obvious suffering be it emotional, ego or physical. The greatest discipline is to listen to the body. That's giving thanks.  Not often the mind allows it. You're a warrior.
I worked in the mountains (and ALL other wilderness settings) in the 1990s with a troubled teen camp. We climbed to 17,000' with groups of teens. Everyone acclimates differently, and can even be easy one trip and challenging the next. Loads of variables. Good for you to turn back. We had VERY solid acclimatization schedules and were able to even sleep at the high hut on Ixta 16k(ish) with a large group . Take it slow. Learn your body at altitude. I personally have a slowish trigger to breathe, so I have to spend a fair bit of conscienceness focusing on my breathing.
I follow where the Universe leads... Sometimes it's just a change of directions. Setting a project aside for a time, does not mean "Quitting". "Quit" is just a Word, in English... The Universe does not communicate in any human language. It speaks to your Heart, everyone's heart. If the Universe needs you to do something else, you'll find out eventually, that it was just a change of plans. In the eyes of the Universe you didn't quit anything 🙂 Great video and adventure 🙂
You probably added 5 miles just running back and forth for the camera.   It is true that there are times when you should never give up. But in the yin and yang of it all there is also a time to call it.  You put more effort into each day than most will in a lifetime. That is pretty gnarly i'd say!  Keep it up!  \m/
Mina pinta 🐵 monos.
Incredible how the pack seems lighter at the beginning, then as it empties it gets heavier, as one foot follows another.
Never any shame in doing the reasoned responsible thing. You are an inspiration, carry on.
Better to retreat and live to fight another day then push a bad position.
Oh yes. Wonderful from iñdia, thànk you
Oh you're brilliant, keep going keep going eva
no dude this is too much ,be healthy and enjoy
Wisdom does not come from "never quit". It comes directly from our failures and the lessons we take from them. The disappointment you felt in turning back is going to help you immensely when you've had time to process and gain perspective. Setting unrealistic challenges and goals is not adventure nor is it even enviable. You are NOT a Navy Seal and very few of us are, but they can be humbled just as easily.
Ogromny szacunek dla Ciebie za tą decyzje, czasem naszym największym przeciwnikiem jesteśmy my sami a ty potrafiłaś to pokonać i podjęłaś najlepszą opcję jaką mogłaś trzymaj się zdrowo, wszystkiego dobrego.
At 33:09 a pizza and a beer would be killer!
Absolutely the right call.  You have to listen to your body and look out for yourself.  This way you'll be around for your next adventure.  (also, I'm in love with the A-frame cabin you're staying in, where is that??)
It's not quitting but adjusting your plans because the situation has changed.
This is nothing but impressive. Keep it up Love!
People die in wilderness areas like Mt. Rainier all the time due to poor decision making or just one careless instant in the wrong place.  It's not a place to mess around.  Nature is beautiful, but it will kill you without even noticing.  You were right to humbly bow out.  Besides, what the heck do have to prove to anyone?
Don't give up girl. You're one hell of a lady. Say a prayer and keep on going. God is with you. You're tough young lady and I know you can do it. Don't ever give up on life.
You did the right thing….too many people in similar circumstances didn’t turn around when they should have.  Sadly some are no longer with us…..live to live another day….love you’re videos and stories.  Thank you!!
I put off watching this episode because of the title. My girls are your age!
So proud ❤
You didn't quit. You tried, and made a decision to live and try again. When your body tells you you are pushing too hard, listen, train, and try again. You got farther than 90% of the planet could.   You should feel proud, and remember the views you saw, as again, the vast majority of us will never see those views live, the way you did. God Bless.
Eva is a vegan. Being in the military veterans know the real life advantage of protein during rucks from heck. (And that's why we have amazing Vegetarian -not vegan- MREs that also have the protein levels we needed "out there").   She had symptoms of muscle sickness because of the protein restrictions. Her body was robbing proteins from her legs (thus the weakness and the vomiting).   Vegans can argue all you want - we evolved with omnivore teeth for endurance of the species.   Carrie Underwood is another endurance athlete that is a former vegan.....and has gone back to being a regular vegetarian.   That navy seal was getting the proper nutrition when he said "don't quit". Restrictions aren't sustainable.  ♥️
I was on edge through this whole adventure. Very nervous for you. I’m quite the outdoor adventurer myself, but doing this alone was way too risky and dangerous. Please take someone with you and pack bear spray next time no matter the weight sacrifice! Stay safe!
Glad you’re doing what you feel for yourself, quitting or not quitting…it’s you to decide and nobody else… always be gentle to yourself!
I‘m at the complete opposite side of life than you are. I have cancer, i just came out of my 5th surgery and lay in bed all day.  But still: this video helped me sooo much! I keep telling myself i should be able to walk by now, i should talk to more friends on the phone, i should read, educate myself, get some hobbies, DO something with my life. But maybe it‘s as simple as that: now it‘s time to rest. It‘s time to NOT do the big things. My body needs me to focus on myself. Its so hard when you‘re conditioned on functioning and working and keep pushing through. But maybe i should decide to stay in bed and to rest, to quit the stress and socializing and everything. Thank you for this video. It made me calmer and less afraid.
And you still kept doing those shots for a YT video. I wish I could be there at least to support you.
you sure gained a lot in the adventure. Enjoy the present and forget about targets or objectives.
You did the Right thing, You got yourself Out of a Bad Situation.  Probably a Virus sabotaged your Health System.  You Saved Yourself.  Some People do not Know went to make the Right Decisions.  They end up in a small column in the Sacramento Bee "Missing Hiker Found............"  Good Choice, Your Still a Winner in My Book. You've done More than Most of Us Have. Thanks for Sharing.
Hi Eva! You completely did the right thing listening to your body. Thank you for posting this!
Oh you're brilliant
I would just like to mention 2 things, 1. Navy seals are absolutely right about what they say about not to quit because they deal with a more serious and critical life & death kind of scenario. So quitting by navy seals could mean the difference between life and death for them and for the people they protect.   2. However Most other people are not in such a scenario or role hence quitting has a little bit different meaning to most other people. They are free to stop, go back, rethink, replan and try to attempt again until they succeed.  So don't say you have quit. You can always replan and do this trail again. But just imagine Vilk was stranded somewhere in the wild and you had to go and save him, then you would have continued even if you were feeling sick.  So in a nutshell, you did the right thing considering the  situation you were in. 👍
cool story
You’re only doing it fore you so whatever you decide is only for you ! But… I bet scenery was epic… that’s success.
High altitude sickness can be lethal.
Earth is a world of challenges and challenges are neither good nor bad they're simply challenges... You didn't come here to win anything just to challenge it... Wonderful Day Dreams
Awesomeness... Wonderful Day Dreams..
❤️❤️❤️
Love you for this !
I am very proud of you for posting this video. You didn't quit anything. You listened to your body which told you to turn around and rest. You learned a very important lesson that you don't have to complete everything when you're not able to. And don't be ashamed of it. I know what it's like to feel a failure at something that I had no control over. I got sick, I got kicked out of work, kindly (but I was crying. I loved that job), because I just couldn't do it anymore, and the doctors still haven't found out the problem after 1&1/2 years. Just do the best you can in life, and enjoy it.
Strewth,,,,, that was scary. So glad you made it out. lt is so important to recognize when you are exhausted and time to recover your body. lt isn't entirely like a car engine,,,,, you can feed it all you want but when you break your body, there is little repair,,,,, its not like you can head down to the auto parts store and buy a replacement part and change the oil to bring it back to life! Not only have you learned something here,,,, but you have taught thousands of others to realize the challenge they are facing and to prepare/react properly.
„Quitting is losing!“ well, keep going sometimes is losing the most important thing: your life. Be proud that you had the sense to turn around instead of becoming a headline in a local newspaper. :)
To be honest, if you continued running around the backside of the mountain, where you said that there were no access roads and no way out but to hike out yourself, you might be dead. Seriously, if you got sick, vomited, got dehydrated and couldn't even walk...what would have happened?
The water  from the river made you sick 🙅‍♂
Success does not always happen the first time. Being tactical is more about how you move, not just where you end up. Your hard day would put most of us in the hospital!
You Rock, smell the Rose's. Life is all about ups and downs.
Forget what's going on in the head and pay attention to what your gut is saying.
yes hard things, when you test yourself and find out what you are capable of..thats reality. we often fall short of our own ideals...feels shitty.
Some sources say to climb or travel only 1000 vertical feet in a day, to really let your body acclimate. A very old friend of mine had to bail out of a weeklong ski vacation in the Rockies because of altitude sickness, and her doctors finally suggested that even with drugs, she should only exceed 5000 feet with extreme caution.  Some bodies just won't acclimatd.
I applaud you and honestly jealous of what you get to do. You go!!  There's always a next time and another opportunity. I'm in Cody Wyoming area and I do more, see more and knock off my long bucket list every chance I get  keep going!! You got this. I'm proud of ya
Oh I had no idea you were so close! That is a beautiful area! You are such a strong individual!
You could have been experiencing elevation sickness, depending on barometric pressure if the climate was getting colder that means the air was heavier adding the running climb elevation was making you feel out of breath and dizzy. I'm glad you turned back, you listen to your feeling that's key to survival. I would rather see a triumphant fail then a winning win! 😊 god bless
You made if much further than any of us would have made it.  There is no judgement from those that love and care about you.
Classic know your limits lesson right there. This past summer I did  a backcountry canoe and portage trip with a kid. There were many lessons including know your limits. We had a similar decision point with darkness falling and bugs coming out to decide if we had to bail. And like you we had our last chance at a road exit before we entered into a point of no return. My kid was upset at not completing the original plan, but I explained this is the lesson. We returned the following day after a stay in a hotel to complete a modification of the rest of the trip. I have also had mild altitude sickness in Rocky Mountain national park after failing to acclimate from a flight in. Your judgement was borderline I’m glad you made the decision you did. It’s amazing how quickly Your judgment can decline if you kept the incline up.
And you are not a man!  So why compare yourself to one?
Getting older sucks sometimes. I really appreciated your video. As it shows the most of us that we have limits. More than just age. What shook me about your video, was your goal was for what? Only you or I can answer that. It is supposed to be challenging yes, but enjoyable. Quite frankly, you in that position, you were in danger!  It is a scary scenario. Your good sense was to do what you did. There is only wisdom not shame in that. Truck on...
Cool, totally admiring you. And I love this video and its honesty. - At 13:05, was that possibly caused by the heavy backpack and shoulder straps too tightened, blocking circulation?
I definitely think you should have quit when you did - no shame in that at all. I also think you didn’t have enough fuel (calories). I mean, that breakfast alone was less than 200 calories. The longer the distance, the higher the elevation, the extra energy exerted from carrying a pack means the more energy expended which means the more calories you need. Especially if planning to do this sustainably for 3 days. Calorie intake = calorie outtake. I have to imagine you were burning *at least* 3500 extra calories + your regular resting metabolic rate. In addition, it seemed like your calories were coming almost exclusively from carbs. Carbs supplemented with fathelp to satiate hunger in the long term. Carb storage lasts for about 2-3 hours in the body, which makes sense for a marathon - not for basically 3 semi ultras in a row while carrying a fair amount of weight with a lot of elevation gain.  Given that you’re a vegan, I imagine that your body is pretty well adapted to relying on carbs as a primary fuel source so when the carbs run out, the body crashes bc it is not adapted to burning fat reserves stored in the body. Also, fat is more calorie dense and thus doesn’t require as big of portions.  Anyways, all this is to say that for anyone attempting to do any sort of  extreme endurance challenge like this, dialing in nutrition and calorie intake is key as well as playing around with macro calorie intake is key to achieving optimal performance. Women are especially much more likely to be undernourished in these types of endeavors bc of societal pressures that they’re not even fully conscious of. Don’t train and use nutrition guidance meant for marathoners - train and eat like an endurance tri athlete. Also, I want to be clear that I’m not saying that endurance athletes should eat keto, but rather the carb loading recommended for marathoners is not adequate for a task as challenging as this and that dialing in nutrition is just as important as being physically capable of running 50+ miles.
I love your stories. I think you just took a decision which was not without risk in itself. Something was off with your fitness, and you payed attention. If you have enough fat than you should easily be good without eating is my experience. Let the bloodstream clean itself up, then your immune system works better too. That is often my response when I feel strange. I recently did a lot of activity, traveling to Venice but cycling there from the mainland in the morning, walking all day, cycling back at night. Long exhausting days. On top of that I had eaten nuts that where toxic, so that had to be removed out of my system. Not much for dinner and burn the rest off was my strategy. Food is not like a button you push, it enters your system and needs to be 'welcome'. This is why traditional recipies and ways of eating (the italian primo, secundo) work well, they have been tried and tested for positive effect..
Instead of a tent, try a hammock. Hammocks are comfy and weigh less
Altitude will be a bummer.  Can't breath,
I'm not sure if you noticed at around th3 8:10 Mark of this video, but there were some creatures hiding behind trees peeking out at you.  Thought you should know that the forest people where keeping an eye on you.
You’re a badass keep it up
You know this video makes me realise that it’s the peril and risk in adventure that makes for the very cosiest relief when that hardship is over and the adventurer has returned to a safe, warm bed so for me you faced real danger and more than succeeded  just by getting home. Hope you are well and rested now ❤
This was not quitting. This was aborting a mission. And being able to know when to abort a mission is the difference between you publishing this video and a newspaper publishing a story of you passing away on this mission. It takes a strong leader to know when you're fighting a losing battle. Good call.
< < < PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT QUITTING IS NOT AN OPTION.
What you did was make a judgment call you were getting chewed up by the trail and had you continued you very well could have found yourself in a unrecoverable situation costing you your long term health or your life so let the old ego take a smack down and reposition yourself to take on future challenges  Also “quitting” would had been if you laid down in the dirt and let yourself die
Smart girl! You did the right thing. I don't see winning and losing the same way as the world, and I think you somehow see it yourself after the amazing strides you took to accomplish something. When we learn something from what we tackle head on, how can that be losing? I think the loser would have been the person who didn't take their limits into consideration and pushed on into further danger. You're a winner in my book!
Gamblers do this all the time and believe me quitting is a lot tougher when all you want to do is keep going. Knowing when to quit does give you an advantage in the game, but how to know when? There’s no right answer but the one that’s right for you.
Let me know if close again I'm near Idaho, Washington border, retired trucker,many stories drove over 4,000,000 miles
There's a reason BUD/S (SEAL) training has a 70%-85% dropout rate for enlisted and 90% drop out rate for officers. It's definitely not for everyone. World-class athletes show up to BUD/S and drop out. I would bet it has little to do with testosterone and much to do with the fact that some people just have the gift of flat-out physical and mental endurance per their own body and/or they were amazing swimmers before showing up.  Some of the SEALs I've met would never last a few minutes in an MMA ring, but they can run FOREVER it seems, and not get tired. They typically are smaller and lean with a manageable body weight. Clearly, many of them simply do better with pain than others.  and you hiked 60 km and you're categorizing that as "quitting"?  I'm sure all of us are looking at your hike as pure victory.
Even Navy Seals retreat when they have to. That's not quitting, it's living to fight another day.
You made the right choice to go back, you did not quit, you tried and no fault of your own, you became sick! You will get to do this again, if not ,I'm sure in another Place and Way. Your a 100 percent Winner!
Love you Eva.  Don't be hard on yourself.  Be honest with yourself, and love your strengths and weaknesses (of which you will be surprised as to how you may have those two backwards)...
Climbed mount Rinjani on lombok Island.  A 3 day climb.  It was excruciatingly difficult but I did it.
Why?
R E S P E C T ...  FOR letting yourself quit.. you don't have to prove anything to nobody.. don't risk your life for entertainment.. because this video is more than entertainment.. it's a lesson for everybody that's been struggleling for something!!! Thnx you pure you ❤️
Next time go with someone special and I Guarantee it’ll feel like nothing lol you just needed a companion
Who'da thunk, Eva Zu Beck is not a Navy SEAL, HOOYAH! It's okay, I didn't see any Taliban, so you get to live...this time! For some quitting is difficult. Haha, I'll give you until 60 to master it. Blessings.
..the altitude will get you..most of us are low-land creatures..
I think this might be my favorite story You have told!
😭😭❤️
Quiting when things doesn't feel right at all is okay it doesn't mean you are weak, we just need some time to slow it down and enjoy the moment.
Sounds like you should have allowed more time. Turning around may very well have saved your life. No shame in that.
I live in the PNW not far from Mt Rainier and I've done the wonderland before. It's TOUGH, even if you're used to hiking in these mountains. Most people walk/hike it in 7-10 days. So hats off even attempting it, let alone running it.
You made the right call.  Stopping in your case was absolutely the right decision.  If it were me, I'd probably have used my remaining 2 days of food to make the trip back more slowly.  (Not that doing it in one day was wrong.) Besides,  if you're still in the area,  you can get over your "flu" (or whatever it was) and try again.  That's a trail on my bucket list,  and if I didn't get it done the first attempt,  I'd like to think if go back.  Of course,  I'll take a week or 10 days to do it... :)
You did the right choice!
Getting out there and doing the time gives you incalculable knowledge which will serve you well in future treks. As a Paratrooper Veteran, I use the two is one and one is none adage. I would literally take six days worth for a three day pack. Just my experiences perhaps. I find running a trail I focus to much on the running and miss out on the scenery and experience. I would much rather hike it to enjoy it.
The trail is meant to be hiked rather than run (with a backpack) thus how you wore yourself out.
EVA, DO NOT LISTEN TO YUR HEAD. INSTEAD , LISTEN TO YUR BODY SIGNALS. LIKE , YUR BODY IS YUR TEACHER, NOT YUR HEAD. YUR A HUMAN BEING , NOT A ROBOT, OKAY. ALWAYS SAFETY FIRST AND KICK PRIDE OUT THE WINDOW,  ADIOS AMIGO , HAHA. NO TRUE THAT, EVA.
EVA, DO NOT EXSERT YURSELF SO MUCH. REMEMBER YUR AL ALONE, THERE'S  NO ROOM FOR ERROR. DEHYDRATION,  TIREDNESS.KEEP YUR COOL AND START WALKIN , INSTEAD  AND REMEMBER, THERE'S  NOBODY TO HELP, INCLUDING  HUNGRY GRISSLIES.  I HPOE NOT , BUT YA COULD BE ON THEIR SHOPPIN LIST , LIKE A YUMMIE TENDER MEAL. SO , DO WHAT IS COMMON SENSE, DON'T  RUN , PLEASE EVA. 🙄😎😋❤💪💋
Such an important video to show to people that we are often battling with ourselves, a strive for perfection, achievement and self development but everyone needs simple comfy pleasures and good sleep, shelter, water and food. I hope you do feel loved a lot by your community! ❤💛🌻 And let's all appreciate the amount of work put into recording this journey in such a high-quality filmmaking! 🎥
I am so proud of you; you have accomplished so much I wish I had your courage.
I think you were suffering from exhaustion. You pushed yourself beyond your limit. You'll definitely be better prepared for the next time. Gr8 vid as usual, Eva. 🗻 ❤️🌺
So glad you posted this video.❤ What a journey!
Knowing when to turn back is an under-rated and under appreciated skill and I would have done exactly the same in that situation. And so what if you hike/run the same section of trail twice? It's such a beautiful place so why not enjoy it twice? Thanks for keeping it real - I think it's important to show others that it is okay to quit sometimes, and to know how to identify *when* to quit.  Side note - I've also had issues getting my Pocket Rocket 2 to attach to non-MSR gas canisters. It's very frustrating!
How much longer did you actually walk/run counting all the camera placement and retrieving extra segments? Love the videos!!  (If you stop in Mexico City, you can count with support here)
Thank you for making this! 😊
Where's your side kick?
there have been times in my life that i have thought, "if only I could get hurt really bad so I would have a legitimate excuse to quit".  These are really dangerous thoughts.
pushing your limits is one thing , living through it is another, as you get older you find limits closing in and you adjust that's all
Discovery of limits is to survive as as a human
There was a time I was at Little creek VA navy base. I decided to take a bicycle ride to the Cicis's pizza .I think it was 50 F. I had to go through the national forest along the seashore. Well as I was going a storm came in and the temperature dropped about 20 degrees in minutes and it was raining. I stopped in a pizza place ate and begged a garbage bag I cut holes for my head and arms and rode back to base .I made it back to my room at the BEQ and ran a hot bath. I was so cold.
@EvazuBeck I'm so inspired by you. You are living my lifetime dream. I got JRA a crippling form of arthritis. Thank you for living my dream; for me and many others, I'm sure. Also, may I ask where you got your hiking backpack. I have been looking for a couple to have for our bug-out bags if needed? Thank much love and blessing to you and your adventure. I truly enjoyed this video!
I just wanted to say thanks,  I find myself really enjoying the opportunity to enjoy your travels.  I can only imagine how much I would enjoy to spend time on an experience such as you partake in .  I find myself sitting and when I am alone I spend my time with you on your journey.  Again I Thank you for giving me the opportunity to join your travels.
Your honesty has such power!!!!
You were hoping that someone would tell you what to do, and He did. Also, taking your motivational advice from the toughest US military guys could be dangerous in itself, since those guys volunteered to march into the most impossible situations, in combat, with the threat of death lurking everywhere, and they did not go into those situations alone. They found comfort in numbers. So, don’t feel bad about your common sense “getting in the way” of your goals, because going a little too far could’ve been the difference between life, and death. You are too interesting to have something irreversible happen to you. On a different note, what’s next?!
Rainier is no joke. We seem to lose a couple people a year around the mountain.
Hi, this is a very nice video and it's a nice way to think. Thanks for making this video. I don't speak much English, and I only understand half of what you're talking about, but I like your videos. They are very pleasant to see and your way of life is great. Keep it up, it's very cool. PS: Do what you want with your hair, we love you as you are!
9:10 👌💪  Recently I just came from a 50 Km hike on a 4 day period, and I came back exhausted. I trained for 2 months prior that, and I'm still exhausted. I can't believe doing that in a day.  I'm so glad seeing this video, and the energy behind it. Safety is first, and taking care of your body, when it asks for it, specially when it gives each of us so much, is totally the right thing to do.   I'm also up for quitting when needs to be done, when we aren't going in the right direction. I'm glad you did.  Edit: By the way, how was the recovery? How are you feeling?
You are such a badass...your amazing
Thank you for being real with your fans. I respect you more than ever!
I’ve ran a few ultras and a lot unsupported, nothing to this level but I feel your pain. Just “toeing the line” for such a challenge is worthy. Everyone needs to see wisdom in action
This was very exciting and impressing. I'm glad, that I found this channel. But it is true, out in the wilderness one has to know his/ her limits.  I live here in Cologne, Germany. I've been hiking in the Alps, Pyrenees and Picos de Europa. But more for fun and enjoying the beauty of the landscape, not as athletic as you.  Your English to me sounds more British than American, is that true, do you come from the United Kingdom?
elevation sickness I've experienced a little bit of it myself & at the time didn't know what was wrong
Be safe Eva. You have nothing to prove to anyone at this point.
radiation poisoning usually from communications towers. next time take potassium chloride.
elevation sickness?
I've camped at 9,000 ft and climbed to 11,000. Its no joke. For a dude who grew up at 600ft.....brutal.
I'm proud of your decision, you went a good distance, but I truly think you made the right decision, but just look at all the beautiful scenery that you seen.... WOW....
🤣 if you really quit, come to my country El salvador, volcano voqueron street and live in my cabin eating pupusas
St. Helens, Rainier & no sasquatch sighting, huh?? 😅👣
Eva, the main thing is to enjoy yourself out here. If you are too exhausted to carry on, it is hard to enjoy and take it all in. Looking at it that way, you can still push yourself, but keep in mind, the mountains will be there tomorrow. Running uphill with a big pack on for a long distance is only fun as long as it feels good. Once you get weak, weary and dizzy, your body is trying to tell you something. I'm glad you made it back alright. I think you came to the right conclusion and maybe this experience is what it took. Next time more smiles please 😀😀
another truly inspiring video, you are amazing, and honest, and that is increasingly rare in this world. Thank you, and keep doing what you do.
Co prawda rozwaliłaś proces "I Quit" na drobne części ale i tak szacun: większość (99%) ludzi nie robi takiego dystansu w miesiąc a niektórzy w cały rok.  A z drugiej strony niektórzy ambitni ludzie muszą się uczyć sztuki "rezygnacji/wycofania" we właściwym momencie.
Its so funny how when you're stripping back the essentials, the waffles and coffee need to stay and the dinner can be sacrificed- we all want to have a little luxury and a sweet pick me up when mentally we are being challenged and need something to keep us going. It's just funny to see this reasoning in this context :) we're all little humans.
You did the right thing elevation is a real b**** if your body is not used to lack of oxygen you get from elevation it can be deadly mountains are covered with bodies of people that push past their capability because of the elevation climb smart there's always another day
Eva you the best love you so much, I wish you to visit my country (Sierra Leone) someday.
Good call shortcakes . You used the right muscle that time.........Your Brain !!!!
Here's an endurance challenge that even the men won't be able to compete with you in:  conceive, grow, give birth to, and raise one baby per year for the next 10 years.  And don't worry - if you make it to 10 babies, you'll still have a successful YT channel. ;)
If anything don't call it quitting. A Navy Seal would also call it training days. You pushed yourself to your limit in high altitude and still went beyond yourself for the trip back.
Go home...
You were sick and in danger and you turned back. Of course you did the right thing. If the stakes were different, such as if you were doing it to save a friend's life, then you would have kept going.
Thank you so much for Russian sub!!!
You are one of the Strongest and Inspiring people I've ever seen.  Incredible, and Cute doing it!
💪🏼 - Impressive
Listen to your heart.
Thank you for taking us along on this amazing adventure.   The view is so beautiful.
One of your best videos. Thanks for sharing.
Eva. you are the winner....  in the wild when you realize that you have to go back, you get the full score.... that is what i think about it... Big Love...❤💯
One of your best insight videos about the inward journey for sure.  I traveled and did a lot of adventure in my 20's but my greatest personal insights happened  when had I just entered my 30's and then packed my earthly belongings into a 10X30 storeroom traveled around the world by backpack.  When an "adult" reaches their 30's they hopefully have tested themselves in enough areas of life (spiritual, relational, occupational, etc.) that they are comfortable in their own skin.  They should have learned what is right for themselves and be developed the ability to discern their inner voice from the other "voices" and myriad of distractions.  It's not a given just because the birthdays come - but it is a huge milestone in a growing adults soul to reach.  Congratulations.  You have become a wiser and more secure person within your deep heart - now follow the path of your heart and you will have even more to offer others.
Anyone else get survivorman flashbacks when she talked about always having to come back for the camera? Lol
What water purifier are you using in this video
Good choice, Eva.
Smart move luv . Be kind to yourself .
All u are right back camp
I'm Marine. I did something i dont want to do, something totally destroy my motivation. Next time if you want to do something like this. My trick is think it a mission or task just do it finish it ASAP. I never ask myself to much because it wash my time and my motivate.... Just finish it... PS.Plan of mission is very important. and always think about back up way. I recommend bring food more than 3 day if you have plan for 3 day and chocolate it will help you a lot i light weight high of sugar and energy...
Well, just no, not running 35 kliks for fun, it ain't fun. If it ain't fun, it ain't worth it, no?! ;-)
Thank you for putting this out there. I needed to hear this.
If you never DNF you aren’t challenging yourself enouch.
Eva you are such an inspiration, you are self aware. Thanks for being vulnerable and sharing this story…
You did well. We did a hike that nearly killed us. Water was the issue and heat got ahead of us. We realized we got ourselves into trouble but pressed on only because there was no other option. Not nearly the length of what you endured but good on you for pushing the message that its okay to quit.
Will you climb Mt. Washington with me next Spring, Summer, Fall?… except, we do it during a severe storm? When no one will allow you to climb? And the people at the base are freaking out🤣👍 I attempted this once, but I got to the first summit (almost the top) , and kind of freaked out, because I started at 12pm, and it got quite scary.. But.. I regret turning back😭 I had no gear. Just a t shirt, jeans, and some basketball shoes. I got past the first summit a bit, and was struggling to find each new cairn  because the fog was insane. I think I got back to my car at 11pm- 12am . Still. I have to complete this small challenge. And I sort of need someone that’s willing to do it. My friend Drew, that hikes a lot, refuses🤷‍♂️🙏🙏
Hello. Thank you for showing what true bravery is. To recognize and accept your limitations and vulnerability speaks volumes. What an encouragement you are to those lucky enough to watch you power your way through so many different situations. I have never been out in nature (city girl) but you have exposed me to a world I never knew I wanted to see.  I think this to me is by far your best video to date.  I think you have freed a lot of people from the notion “just push through”.  It’s ok to be kind to yourself. It’s ok not to finish, it doesn’t mean you’re a failure. You just quit for today. There is always tomorrow, if you want to still do it.  Through your tears you brought freedom not only yourself but to those coming behind you. May God continue to bless you.
your only human and a great one !!  :))
You quit deluding yourself. You didn't quit growing. May your life be longer, happier, and more rewarding for it!
10 ft elevation gain!  Altitude sickness would be normal.  Good job!  And thank you for sharing.
Peace.
"Just going to enjoy running for myself" that's my philosophy on the subject. Lovely views though. I gotta get up there.
You are not a quiter when your life is at stake. Pushin g yourself too hard when there's no one to pick you up if you fall is just rekless and foolish.
It takes courage to stand up for oneself - especially against oneself. You did the right thing & I am glad you chose safety and wellbeing over another checkpoint on the adventure list. Hope you are feeling better, physically and mentally. 💜
As Kenny Rodgers sang in his song "you got to know when to hold them,  know when to fold them,  know when to walk away and know when to run".   Any good mountaineer that lives to a ripe old age knows when to say "were at the limit,  push it and you may die".
Eva you are a brave stronger and always conquered the hardest challenges that we knew we proud of you keep it up GOD bless you
Super Eva
Thanks for taking me on your hike. Camped at Mt. Ranier many years ago. Now in Florida. Very flat. NAVY SAR.
i've pushed myself to do a lot of things recently but one thing ive learned is there is no pointing in pushing yourself if you're not enjoying the benefits. You where clearly a bit sick or your body was fighting off a bug and you wasn't enjoying it. you made the right choice in turning back but i wouldn't say you quit, you where just taking care of your body.
As age comes you have to know when to stop or slow down. You’ve learned your body’s limit over the years.
That whole area has been a hot bed for Sasquatch encounters! 😬😬 You must watch some Missing 411 episodes, by David Paulides!!! Impressive!!!! Maybe down the road, you can try it again with a group, & finally conquer that goal, & see the sights you were unable to see on this go? Getting sick, can stop most anyone! You most definitely made the right choice in turning back!!! Your gut is seldom wrong!
you did awesome . turning back was a very good decision 👍👍  You have to enjoy life while you're doing it too.  Taking life in strides is the way you can enjoy it while not quitng.
Excellent character building decision. Thanks for sharing.
When I first started watching this video, I downvoted it. I wasn't in a sympathetic mood at the time, but I decided to give the video another chance and watched till the end.  I'm glad that I did. Changed my vote 👍  I'm glad that you stopped, before things got too bad. I do really respect you for that. Winners know when to quit. Your health is the most important thing.   When you said that you're taking a break from competitive running, I thought that that was very wise.  Sometimes, you've just gotta slow down and look at all the beauty in this world.  Thanks for bravely sharing this video, with us. ❤Kind regards from South Africa.
Girl, what you did was NOT quitting so stop calling it that. The trail will always be there when you come back. And no, no one else can ultimately tell you what to do in that situation. Only you know your body best.   Glad you took care of yourself. ❤
Growth... Personal Growth
❤
Thanks for sharing you are a brave person in the first place to go it alone... and you were smart to trun back. So proud of you for going as far as you did. My one concern is that you didn't take the bear spray or did you?
how do u book this wooden houses in midle of nowhere?
Your pakistan visit spoiled your mood
I know of Seals and Seal training only what I’ve seen in the movies, but if any of that is to be believed, they’re trained to assess the situation they’re in at all times and when the parameters for a successful mission are no longer in place or when the benefits no longer warrant the risks and costs, they are trained to quit… but with a fancier word: “Abort, abort, abort!” 🤣You definitely did the right thing.  Happy you managed to keep the presence of mind in a difficult situation to make the right call!
Perhaps listen to your body.
I live here in Washington and Mt Rainer is in my County!! What are you doing here? do you have medical insurance omg if you ever got injured here it would bankrupt you! Did you have a travel partner?
If you want to drop weight.  Drop it off your main 3 not food.  Pack, Sleeping bag, Tent.  I went with Zpacks because of that.  They're expensive 7but a pack that's 55l can be 20 OZ.  Tent for 1 person for is 14 oz.  A sleeping bag for -7 C degree max is 16.6 oz.  Total for the big 3 can be a little as 3.2lbs.  For most other brands that are cheaper.  You're looking at 9 lbs minimum.  The weight difference on a long hike is amazing.  I went ultralight because I carry camera gear hiking.  I'd never go back.  There are other ultralight manufacturers.  So, look into it a bit for your own use.  But watch the weight of your gear.  You also should watch your hiking poles weight but it's not as big a concern if you use them all the time.  Although a lighter swing weight is a pretty huge savings on your body.  I have ultralights but still use my heavier carbons usually.  But my ultralights have a mount on top for a Gopro which is really nice while trecking to turn on and video and area.  Cold soaked food so you don't have to carry a burner to heat things is nice also for ultralight.  You didn't quit.  You made a real decision not to risk your life.  That's not quitting.  That's pure growth.  50mile runs are really detrimental on the body and take days to weeks to recover from the damage.  I have a lot of friends who used to be competitive in it.  Most have stopped.  A healthy happy life is what most enjoy now.  Instead of trying to destroy yourself for a goal.  I raced 100 mile bicycle races.  By the way, you're fucking amazing.
Came to visit my favorite mountain and found you there :)  Proud of you my fellow sentient being <3
Quitting is a necessary part of life that takes alot of guts. If anything, its a sign of a winner.
Dear Eva You have done an amazing job literally, You are the best, No matter you have completed or not completed the trail, The main thing is YOU TRY & This is the most precious thing you have done, Great Efforts, More power to you !!
iT has Been amazing being able to watch You explore the Places in Washington State where I grew Up ... Cheers, Eva Zu Beck ✌️
No you don't.
Quitting is not a bad idea it is smart decision  I very proud of you  Keep rolling  🤘
You’re amazing! It was the smart choice to turn back. Glad you’re safe. Thanks for sharing the true you. Stay safe out there! ✌🏽❤
You did the right thing always listen to your body and fight another day👍
This is David from Malaysia. As I write this, I am just thankful that I had completed my first one month after hitting age 70 on 26/10/22. To live each day, is a joy for all of us,if we are appreciative of all the positive things,feelings,images etc around us. I TOTALLY concur with your wise and timely decision to turn back and be alive,with no guilt at all. You have done the Correct thing and I respect you. Will continue to watch your videos and learn from you. For the time being, just rest and be recover and you will rebounce!!!
Biggest respect for that right decision!
Brilliant adventure, its not quitting, its knowing the mountain isn't going anywhere, it can be done at another time. Bearspray is a must when in bear country, you may never need it but if you do and you don't have it, well that can be a regret for a couple of ounces.
I’m so proud of you Eva!  I’m so pleased that you listened to your body and did what it was telling you I wouldn’t see this as losing or quitting either! You did a 2 day marathon and that in itself is awesome. Plans change and that’s totally fine!  Truly, well done 🎉❤
.
Those shoes you are using does not look comfortable. Are they proper running trail shoes?
this gets old quick...
Baby don't quit on me now.
You are starting to feel again. Next step is to start believing again. And than you will start to trust again. You also don’t have to finish your South America trip if you don’t want to.
Oh NO!!!  I think you are getting spammers on here.  What is this Te_legram thing???     Warn your readers/watchers.
This was very hard to watch. I agree with many of the others, your decision was the correct one.
Also PNW trips you should bring at least a pistol or some kind of survival weapon or a guide who is carrying. Safe travels. If you do Oregon chat me up.
Bae I live in the Pacific Northwest. Chat me up.
Your thumbnails might sometime turn out overly dramatic- this one looks like you just had to fight a grizzly bear (click bait vibes :/ …) but I am sure the audience appreciates the authenticity in all your videos (especially this one).
So, stop running and just hike it.  She is at altitude and I'll bet she is used to near sea level conditions, so running when not conditioned to the environment isn't a great plan.  Even a walking pace can bring on altitude sickness.  There is no shame in stopping a non-mandatory movement when you reach your limits.
You should be proud of yourself....hell, I wouldn't have made it 2 miles.  You did the right thing.  :)
As always, great job!!
You didn't  quit , you just found your new personal best.   Found that iron in your spine.   Bravo and absolutely be  genuine .   👏
Eva, I'm enjoying your video adventures.  I live in Seattle and have a wonderful love affair with Mt Rainier.  If you come back and need a hiking partner there are wonderful hikes in Washington - give me a shout!
Hi Eva 🤗  "Quitting, does not make you a loser."  Truer words have not been spoken. Assessing your situation, evaluating the logistics and recognizing that this was not the time to continue was not only the right decision but the smart decision. There will be other times. Why you decided to run it even on the way up, only you know the answer to that, when most trainers tell you you need to acclimatize to the altitude, but you pressed on. I applaud your attempt, which is nothing short of impressive ... I know, I have hiked 815 km through some rough terrain, up & down mountains and while it took me 46 days with a backpack that was too heavy for this 72-yr old woman, I paid dearly with my feet but I can recognize and applaud the monumental task you set for yoursel and what you accomplished, not to mention the personal growth you went through. Bravo!  Let navy seals be navy seals, you do YOU and that's pretty amazing💖
You:Give me a challenge  Nature:Here you go You:You win You are wise to respect your instincts as this was a test of your ego and will against your body. Notice where you started getting ill there was no vegetation. Bad vibes from that area?
Hope you've rebounded amiga and you're on the upswing!
IT DOES NOT SURPRISE ME THAT THESE ARE ADVENTURES THAT 99% OF US WISH TO DO. I WISH I COULD.
So glad you quit!  You could’ve really come to harm had you gone against what your body was telling you.  Passing out in that remote area could’ve resulted in disaster, especially if it resulted in a big fall and head injury.  Thank you being real with us.
CLICK BAIT = I  unsubscribed
Don’t call yourself a quitter.    you failed.     Failure is a better teacher than success ever will be. You learned your lessons from this and will apply them to do do better and rise up to the next challenge with even more wisdom and experience!
Damn, you’re impressive!
Well done!
Many of us exclaimed, “What an order! I can’t go through with it.” Do not be discouraged. No one among us has been able to maintain anything like perfect adherence to these principles. We are not saints. The point is, that we are willing to grow along spiritual lines. The principles we have set down are guides to progress. We claim spiritual progress rather than spiritual perfection. Just a piece of wisdom from a group I belong to.
FOOD suggestion; I couldn't find a way to msg so I am using the most recent post. I noticed in all your meals I have seen no potatoes. I thought that odd for a vegan. Then I realized they are energy intensive to cook. SO here is an old Blue Collar trick for a hot lunch. Way back guys used to use engine heat from the machines they used to heat food. This was before a micro wave in every break room. Try wrapping a potato in aluminum foil and putting in the engine compartment. Exhaust manifolds get very hot. You don't want to put anything directly on them but near it or the radiator tank. If there is a flat spot on the engine itself that could work. make sure anything is sealed against fumes. It will take some experimenting but it could be a new source cooking energy. If you can get a laser thermometer you can fins the best spots and their heat ranges. next stop at a garage see if they have one.
"these are the moments I live for" (kicks rock)
This was your best video lately. So authentic and what a lesson! Knowing your limitations and your decision to quit, to choose for live was the best and most wise decision. And makes you a winner and certainly not a looser. Plenty of folks with the same condition and same equipement that end up dead due to not giving up.
I'm sorry I want to respond but I don't know how
You always need extra socks incase you get your feet wet so you do not get a cold, boy scout of the year here I did winter and wilderness training in canada!
The messege was not sent but a did pick number 5 .... nd did send a messeg in instegram
I must say that our petty lives are so much better when they're viewed through the camera that you provide on your journeys you have no idea how much better you make our lives continue on.   we love you
There are some armies that can't move over that terrain at that speed. That is no mean feat. It is amazing that a person could even come close unsupported.
Altitude sickness. Time to turn back.  Don't worry about not making it all the way. There are a lot of people who don't fare so well because they don't know when to back down. You can always try it again!
Quitting is not a weakness, especially when your body is telling you it’s had enough. That mountain has been there for millions of years, take a week and hike it next time.
Ewa. Dopiero dziś wpadł mi ten film. Tak bardzo był mi dziś on potrzebny i tożsamy. Nic się w życiu nie dzieje bez przyczyny. Dziś podjęłam decyzję, żeby zrezygnować..  po to żeby móc iść dalej... ❤  dziękuję. Karola.
I can't even imagine how many "extra miles" (or hundreds of feet?) you had to travel to set up a shot, run away from the camera, go back to retrieve it, etc., then continue your journey. Absolutely incredible and inspiring!
Phenomenal. So much wisdom. Thanks for sharing your humanity and reminding me of mine. Blessings and strength to you Eva Zu Beck
the mountain will always be there. your existence is fleeting and precarious. guarding your safety allows you to honor the permanence of the mountain another day. There is always tomorrow. great decision
50 KM is definitely too much. Average human can't cover more than 27 KM at max for a day (without harming oneself). Your decision to quit is healthy, intelligent & right.
Elon Musk makes an exciting appearance ! search: Stand Up For America Brother Vick !  on YouTube
Ewa to ,że ci się nie chce jeść to zmęczenie. Z doświadczenia wiem  , że bezpieczniej jest zjeść nasze polskie suche suchary -wiesz o których mówię i zmiękczyć z gorącą słodzoną herbatą , niż jesśc te świństewka  zafoliowane ,plus jakąś przegryxkę. Żołądek inaczej pracuje gdy jesteś zmęczona, warzywa i owoce są szybko trawione , ale w drodze mogą cię pogonić.Powodzenia w wędrowaniu.
One theme of this video could be:  becoming a "human being, rather than a human doing".   A factoid about mountain sickness, AMS, HAPE. HACE: Tolerance for altitude change has very little to do with level of physical or mental fitness. It's more about physiology, hydration, and the pace of acclimatization.  It has been demonstrated that for most, the fastest way to acclimatize is to climb a little higher than one sleeps. In some situations that's not where the desirable campsites are located...
At the ages of 66 (me) and 65, my wife and I recently hiked/climbed to the top of Guadalupe Peak, the highest mountain in Texas.   At 8,750 feet it’s puny compared to other peaks but it was still a challenge for my aging body.  My wife had no trouble with it.   You start out at over a mile high at the trailhead and climb 3,000 feet from there.  It’s about a nine mile round trip.   We had to deal with steep, loose rocks and boulders on the trail and 60-70 mph cold wind gusts the day we made the climb.   I sailed up the first mile or two of the hike with ease, which some consider to be the most challenging part of the trail.    Then something weird happened; my body instantly shut down like a switch was flipped.  I lost my strength and struggled to breathe.  Fortunately I had carried a couple of small oxygen canisters in my backpack which started me up again.   I was able to complete the rest of the trek to the summit and down but with difficulty.   I was a sprinter in high school but always struggled with distance running.  I had covid for six weeks two years ago and it did a number on my lungs evidently.
🙏❤️
Always go back trust your instinct ❤
You made the right assessment of your situation with the information you had, thats not quitting.
You did not quit. You changed your goals to fit your reality. That takes self knowledge and the courage to act on that knowledge. I am proud of you.   Note: Navy Seals are special teams of raiders. Their mission is to get in, do what is necessary and get out, The difference between them and you is they are likely running from a bunch of very pissed off people determined to kill them. That makes a difference. I have never been or wanted to be a Seal. I was just another Riverrat on the Mekong River.
As a strong willed, never say die male who has been competitive runner and backpacker I applaud your sensible approach and the difficult decision you made. You can't will your body to health overnight. There are hundreds of tragedies that could be avoided every year if people would realistically evaluate the risks and not try to "tough it out"
Imagine basically running a marathon 2 days in a row while sick and feeling like a failure that’s so far beyond insane to me, I can barely eat vegetables
I wonder if your water filtration system didn’t work? Absolutely made the right call. Thank you for inspiring me to look at time on this planet differently.
Thanks for sharing, and for your courage, not just in attempting this insane trail, but also in opening yourself up to vulnerability in posting this! I feel like you might have a better attempt next time with better planning in the stuff you packed. The large camera seems a bit redundant if your ultimate goal was to complete the trail? Also, a small powerbank paired with a foldable/rollable solar charger would definitely help keep the weight down, you can charge up the powerbank while running or resting, and use it to charge your devices overnight, and definitely a life-saver if you do find yourself in a life-threatening situation in the middle of nowhere
Seals for survival, Eva for adventure
Not only brave but sensible., to go back.
Eevry thing happend for a reason 🫀
Great videos. I'm just a little confused about where you're from, there's some variations with your accent.
Narcissist
Use hiking poles!!
Eva absolutely the correct thing to do, there is always a situation where stopping isn't an option but it doesn't apply to 99% of life. In your situation, on your own you with no team to support you you made the absolutely right decision with sound thinking, and guess what your alive to try again if and when you're ready. Not a doc but as many have said sounded like altitude sickness hope you get better and you'll certainly be stronger for the experience.
Still loving these vids. Thanks Eva.
Eva, Thank you! That's all I have to say :)
Life is not a race.Period.
Hi Eva, the world belong to the brave 💪💪 you did the right thing.  Sometimes we need to go back one step.
Altitude sickness?  You made the right decision.
….you didn’t “turn back”..you made an incredible leap forward.  Think of an Everest climber…$50-70 thousand dollars to reach the top…bound by a financial loss that could potentially push one towards loss of life. Anywhoo..not going to say something that you already haven’t figured out…if you float through Oregon and need anything…we are hear for you…we being a few hundred of us…easy.   Keep a smile on Oh Woman of the wilderness.   Hugs n wishes.
You are the most motivating person I ever followed in this life! I am crying while seeing you in this conditon, you're such a stron woman girl, we are with you!
What stood out to me was how this seemed to be an allegorical tale about the power of numbers. An extra person who mutually enjoys your company and the adventure carrying stuff for the sake of your safety isn't cheating on your independence any more than smart quitting is losing. I mean I can understand why you don't, trust me on that.
David Goggins disapproves of this video and ur quitting! haha.  You are Amazing, my comment is sarcastic in this post.
Can’t say I agree with you leaving the bear spray. But I do admire your bravery.
I found ur channel from Rodeo in Montana.  Then recommended this; thought it was different channel.  But it's you! Wow, you really are taking in a lot of different experiences in America.  I am familiar with the Wonderland trial.  I have hiked some of it.  I recently finished my hike on the PCT.  I was not running any part of it, hats off to you.  I enjoy your content.
As a father and also as a former adventure junkie, I watch you with tremendous pride but equal concern. So impressed by your courage but equally relieved to see you make a priority of protecting yourself. As a surfer, I learned more than once that there are metaphorical moments when you know it’s time to paddle back to the beach :)  Each of us must find our own vision, our own passion— for without it, life is denied. What our travels and solitude ultimately teach and suggest, however, is that it’s never the summit but the climb that matters. Even more revealing, at least for me, was that the ultimate (and hardest) journey is not about feet, miles or borders. It’s all done inside— the clarity hits you and you say, at last: I understand life.  Be safe, be wise and be alive.
I hope you start getting better and better at reconfiguration of your life into what "you" believe is the most important, most honest agenda on Earth for now. Hope happiness for yoy. 💎☘️
I have always taken my Shepherd on every hike everywhere. Rarely I care to read million rules everywhere on every step I take.  You look tired though.
I live an hour from Ashford and the park entrance and visit the park a few times a year. You totally did the right thing. It’s  a gorgeous National Park, but equally dangerous and people do disappear and die there. Knowing your limits and being a responsible hiker/camper is so important! I’m so glad you listened to your body.   And so excited that you’re getting to adventure in “my neck of the woods”! Welcome to Washington! Love watching your channel!
thought i was being lazy- ungratefull for the moment i had- suddenly stopped and felt somethinh and chose to walk back in my anticipated journey- about a week ago- something just feels offly risky and i felt it was not for me, rethinking and convinced myself that  it was a form of self caring or awareness that i had for myself, this vid confirms it
Others have said it already but this is not a case of quiting.  The never quit attitude that comes from those people you talk about is due to thier missions having to succeed, if they don't many more people can die.  Also it is easy to have a never quit attitude when there are life saving personel around you.  I spent time in the military and that pushing till you truely find your own breaking point is so you know how far you are able to go when you really have to.  In this case you didn't.  To push those limits in what you were doing with no help around you would have been truely risking your life.  I have read some of the other comments here and from all of us, know you did the right thing.  Also, thank you for the video.  To many would have deleted it as you said you could have, but the life lesson is good for all to hear and see.
I was wondering when you got the water from the stream and drank if you filtered it, I did not see that. Your health always comes first. Running only increased the effects. Oh I am so sorry you got sick.  You are quite something!  Feeling like throwing up, but still being able to see the world as beautiful!  You did absolutely the right thing going back. I just wish there had been someone to help you. You are Not a quitter at all.  You are sane and thoughtful and thinking clearly. You had enough food to take two days back.  Publishing this video is good, not just for you, but for the example you set of taking care of yourself for them to remember if they are ever in similar circumstances. You are right 'quitting doesn't make you a loser!'
Cheers  to you for making the right decision , safety first. Pushing myself out of my comfort zone resulted in some of the best experiences of my life. None were like your experience on the Wonderland trail, though. I just found your channel and  very much enjoying it. Thank you!
That was tough ! You can try it again if you want to. Sometimes you have to quit especially if you don’t feel well. I joined your channel 2 weeks ago. It’s very interesting.  Paul
I'm Mark from Texas I disturbs me it hurts me to see a woman fail please please try again please reconcile please find a way
honey you need Dr. J.H. McLean's   Volcanic Oil  that helps u out alot !!
🛗The other day, the escalator was OUT OF ORDER, but instead of taking the elevator, I walked up the stairs, and when I got to the top, I felt like a champion! A nice feeling of accomplishment! I am no where near your level, but I sort of understand what you mean! GOOD LUCK ON ALL YOUR FUTURE ENDEAVORS! Some of us, out here, are enjoying your nature hikes vicariously through you! You Rock! ⭐🌟
Hi Eva! My girlfriend really likes your hiking shoes in this video, which brand and style are they?
You made the right decision turning back, you still did a great hike , good for you 👍 🤗
You could not do it that is okay. That doest mean you could not do it tomorrow.
u r a strong person n i got a lot of respect for u , lots courage and persistence !! loads of adventures arround the world !!
Eva , are you fighting something ,  I , may be able to help you .
I dont know life is not black and white its grey, we live somewhere in the middle and I always re-assess things, be willing to be flexible with all things considered.  It is good to know our physical limit and who is to say your body was not adapting to the elevation change under the strenuous circumstances.     It was a good challenge, you did great, and I was excited to see your process.  It was also very illuminating that at some point you wanted someone to "tell you what to do" or give permission to turn back.    I am glad you did not press on.  Who knows how this will aide your next adventure, but it will.
Thank you for this.  I attempted my first 100 miler two months ago, and I did not finish because of my asthma and heat exhaustion.  I knew it was the right thing to do.  I feel at peace about it...but I will run it again in January.  Thank you.
No shame in turning back. Ever. Better safe than sorry in the mountains especially when rescue or recovery can put others at risk.
Being like five days late to comment on this, but:  You don't quit things. You do what you can do. You do what you want to do.  There is no "I should do". What ever you do is what you do.  If you do something that makes you feel bad and you have a choice not to do it then you make the choice not to do it.  You didn't quit. You did what needed to do. Life is not about the destination. It's about the journey. You of all people, might know a thing or two about that.
Getting sick in the back country is no joke you can die from it.  You did the smart thing and backed off but you didn't quit you probably saved your life.
Eva I've been a follower of your's for about a year now and I've seen you accomplish so many different hikes, runs, etc. Your and inspiration to me and alot of other people on here! Turning back was not quitting! You made the right choice! I see you the same as I did before this video!  Keep up the great video's! I always look forward to watching your videos!
That's altitude sickness that you're suffering from it's suppresses your immune system and you'll catch what ever germ is floating around.  Also, you need iodine tablets for your water in addition to filtration or you'll catch some nasties from the water.
It is not weakness to understand that our bodies are not always up to what our minds decide to do. There are too many people who died young because they weren't mature enough to acknowledge reality.
Wow, you were trying to run almost 4 marathons in 3 days.
what kind of water bottle filter were you using?
I've always felt knowing when to quit is a true gift of wisdom. It doesn't mean you quit being a big dreamer and a go-getter and I so admire you for attempting this gnarly run! But truly living in the moment includes being flexible when things don't go as planned and scrapping the whole project sometimes. So glad you chose to be gentle with yourself and tend to your health Eva. A good example for all of us. <3
So glad you are okay! Understand your body! Altitude sickness is a bad thing! I got it moving to Colorado Springs and going up to Cheyenne Mtn Zoo! Sick for two days after! Elevation 6010 ft. The zoo was 6714 ft.
Gengis kha?
I haven't watched your Bigfoot episode, but i think you had an infrasound attack!! 👣🥰
I was wondering what kind of camera are you using?
You are not a quitter or loser. Losers are those who are found dead out on the trail because they didn't know when to turn around. Great video, Eva.
You can be proud  and especially your last sentences were so inspiring. Take care of yourself Eva
second one i watched.  great story... to do the right thing.
Is time to go home eva
13:28    Can we just take a moment to appreciate how unbelievably fairytale-like that landscape is! The longer I look at it, the more I want to believe it's CGI, but I know it isn't.  On another note, I feel for ya Eva, for getting sick during an outing.  I had that happen during a week long canoe excursion.  Fortunately, the worst didn't come on until after the end of the trip, but kind of worrying when you're out there by yourself, with really nobody to help without pressing the button on the PLB. (something I never hope to have to do)
Wait, where is Vruk? I wish I had half your energy!! Keep strong Eva, you have accomplished so much in the last year!💕
Well, it's good that you realized you're not a Navy Seal! Good to see you are still alive! You can always take another chance, you can't do that if you're dead.
There's are times and places for "pushing" oneself, and then there's also times when one has to listen to their body OVER their brain.  You did the right thing here.  Continuing on, feeling as you did, could have put you in a very dangerous situation without someone to bail you out.  Kudos!
Just like a woman to quit when it got hard, this is why men rule the world.
It's ok, live to hike another day.
Another REALLY LONG WINDED BLAH BLAH COMMENT  blah di blahhhh BLAH  BLAHHHH BLAHH BLAHHH
Many people probably wrote this before, going back, listening to your body, and taking care is not quitting. You know it, I know. Keep taking care of yourself, that is the no. 1 thing and then you will never quit. Love you, Eva!
it’s not the fact to belive or not in former Navy Seals doctrine. You make big mistakes in the planing fase. It’s so silly pursue the ultalight way of walk/run setting aside that gear that can help you (more food, cloths, emergency stuffs) only for running. There is time to train (trail running, rucking, etc…) and time to enjoi the natural environmet. I’ve apreciated you’ve decided to share your… your quit? your fail? doesn’t matter as you’ll call it, the only important thing is you’ll learn from it and it help you growing up. Personaly I like train my self heavy to be sure to be capable to go over emergency situation, but I like walk slowly, look around, enjoi what I see. don’t waste energy and time on what we think about your quit/fail.. learn by what you have lived
Ready to hear reason about dropping the Vegan lifestyle yet? You need to look into the science. Not the preachers.
This is more impressive than finishing the trip, knowing your own limits is true wisdom.
My family has lived in the shadow of beautiful Rainier (or Tahoma, the native Salish name meaning "mother of waters") for four+ generations, and I always feel such immense pride and joy seeing others experience her majesty!  I recognized the mountain immediately in the thumbnail and clicked faster than a pyroclastic flow! (Volcano joke 😆)
I like your content but the constant dramatic thumbnails and clickbait titles feel unnecessary...
so interesting
Thanks for sharing the adventure 🙏 maybe you can give it another go a different time
Of course the poor dog could not go with her. He is there for her. She is not there for him. He is only her toy. She still is a child without responsibility. Hopefully she will never have children.
What's all the fuss about? Just take the challenge or don't take it. You complain and create a fake drama. The real challenge is when people don't have food to eat or where to sleep. Your challenge is rather a fun game and you don't need to cry about it.
Man you look just like my first real girlfriend in high school and college. She drug me on lots of adventures. We actually climbed Mount rainier this was over 50 years ago now. We had to turn back at the 12,000 foot level. It was July and the glaciers were super unsafe. About ten years later 11 people died at the spot we turned around at when a glacier let go. It was not fun turning back but it was smart. Oh, I was the one that had to talk her into quitting. She was hardcore. Sigh. Man you remind me of her.
Just curious, how do you get such great video and audio, even outdoors from 3 meters away?  It looks like you have a camera on a tripod but how do you know you are centered up in the frame, what about background noise, are you using an external mic,  do you use a wireless mic?   Sorry for being such a nerd.
You don't have to prove anything to anyone, live your wonderful life and enjoy everything you have. You are not a quitter.
As a survivalist, you are not a quitter ,when you have that gut feeling ,listen to it . Winners survive . You did !
EVA! Never go into the mountains or woods without the bear spray!!  🙏
Being hard on yourself is not right, we need our love, daily forgiveness and daily care. Trying things is important not achieving everything is success. Just trying is success to me.try try try yes and you did a lot of things.
You are so impressive in every way, human experience at every level. I wanted to run a half marathon and me and my great wisdom NOT being a runner, "let me do it in Yosemite NP". Staying in the mountains the night before, I felt terrible, the race I thought I was going to die.  I had so many people around that could help me, you had NO ONE and had much greater distances and altitude. I think this quote fits ... For those who understand, No explanation is needed. For those who do not understand, No explanation is possible – Ziad K. Abdrlnour
The moment u became honest with ur soul by being brave enough to post this video, u have won thousand hearts. U have won it lady. Huge Respect! Love from Nepal!
I like you ARE youre Sefe❤ Be Brave❤
Respect for running with that DSLR. Maybe it's time for something more compact like the Sony RX 100 or similar?
I'm a bit surprised that in the whole video you don't mention the one word that is burning on my lips: survival. You had two choices: go on and risk your life, or quit and survive. Thankfully you chose the latter. In my eyes, more than a quitter, you are a survivor, leaving you free to try another time if you so wish.
When I lived in Colorado, I found I was profoundly affected by altitude sickness. I agree with the previous comment. I think that is what you have. I remember that I had to constantly drink water . It helped with the headaches .
I just read Jarhead Mark's comment about altitude sickness. Evanston, Wyoming is 6,750 ft and so you could use it as a base for a week or so of mountain adventures to the North, West, and South while you train for a repeat of the trail run that you did in this video, if you ever attempt anything like that again.  In fact, the next time you're driving through the Western United States via I-80, you should stop at Evanston. It used to be a major railroad hub during the Old West and there are several historic monuments downtown, including one of the last remaining railroad roundhouses and an old Chinatown. The nice folks at the museum on Front Street can show you those.  Then, depending on the time of year, you can get your exercise running or biking or skiing some portion of the Bear River Greenway (skis and snowshoes can be rented at the Evanston Recreation Center). In the dead of winter I like to start at the end of the pavement and ski up the frozen river if there is enough snow on it to cover the ice. After, get a swim and a shower at the Evanston Recreation Center.  Maybe ice skate on the Ice Ponds (again, you can rent skates at the rec center). Before refrigeration, ice was cut from the Evanston Ice Ponds during the winter and shipped all over the world.  I'm told that Days Inn allows dogs if you want hotel accommodations, or you can head south down Highway 150 (stopping briefly at the roadside historic monuments near Sulphur Creek Reservoir) and camp and seek further adventure in the Uintah-Wasatch-Cache National Forest and the Ashley National Forest. That thing you pinned above about dogs in National Parks is probably not a rule coast to coast and definitely does not apply to National Forests (stop at the ranger station south of Evanston on HW 150 and ask if you don't believe me).  Another nice stop along I-80 is the Salt Flats in Utah and/or you can visit some of the Mormon pioneer historic markers along that part of the corridor like the Salt Lake Temple. Salt Lake City was the first major settlement in the area and the oldest historic structures are found there.   North of Salt Lake in Idaho all along the Snake River Valley there are the volcanic remnants of ancient Category 8 volcanic eruptions from the Yellowstone caldera. Then you can even continue on and visit Yellowstone itself. In the winter I think they have snowmobile tours through the park, or you can hike/camp during the summer. You can drive there (or to the Grand Tetons) from Evanston as well.
Never be ashamed of making a smart decision.
youre amazing Lady ❤️ I love to your videos Eva❤️❤️❤️and Adventure
Those Navy Seals and all other Military types "never quit attitude" Keeps them alive training for warfare. And they usually have a least a small squad of guys to fall back on... Your'e Solo... and no reason to go to war against yourself and what your body was telling you. You made a very wise choice...Take a trusted buddy or 2 to take on that Wonderland trail next time so you can enjoy it..
You were smart to listen to your gut and not your head.
$$$$
Eva, you did the right thing.  Although you're very fit, you're not acclimated to the altitude.  Since you were alone, you were quite right to consider the fact that it would be very difficult for rescuers to reach you.  Live and learn!
Dump the huge camera for Gopro or Osmo and use a lightweight bivvy bag not a tent....add Rab sil1 tarp if needed.  One walking pole, dump the tripod...use a selfie stick which has 'feet'.  Dump the kettle.  Use sawyer-type water bags...less weight and bulk.   Impressed by the effort and attempt and look forward to the next, lightweight, one.
U r absolutely right about that, this r dificult moments. "Should i stop or should i go".  U r an amazing girl  and inpirational. Don't be hard on ur self, it's ok to be sick. Please, take ur time en rust a few days.
Wow amazing views, I mean you still did a lot
You are crazy heavy, all your gear is heavy, go ultralight ! Hello from France.
What I saw was a smart decision. You evaluated your situation and physical condition and realized a change in plans was needed and you had the courage to make it.
You really pushed your limits, and acted reasonably to go back. The comments you gave at the end of this video are so valuable, so true. You realised and you accepted why turning back was the correct decision. I applaud you to what you found out about yourself! 👍
I did this hike (my first) as a 12-year-old boy scout.  The first few days were hell and blisters.  My pack was way too heavy, but I had the time of my life.  Now I'm an ultra-light hiker, still enjoying the trails
i di d the same with Salkantay with one small backpack and 10 hours of hiking up to almost 5000 meters in Peru ;) No food.
Siostra, I am a 1/2 marathon runner and a semi-competitive cyclist who has learned some harsh lessons in the "never quit" mantra. After a few years of repetitive injuries and battling with a lack of physical improvement, I adopted the "listen to your body" mindset. The results have been amazing from an endurance perspective. It is by no means a copout; It is rather an establishment of a metaphysical connection between your mind and body. I have been able to conquer more feats and see vast improvements in my training. However, if my body is communicating to me that it is time to quit, it allows me to take a moment and analyze the pro's and con's of continuing with the activity at hand. Dobranoc, Kerry
You are a very brave young lady I wish I  would have traveled more when I was younger keep the adventure going for as long as you can because time flies by it really does be safe
Life is about growing. Not about conquering. That's for your ego.
There is no shame in being smart and making the right decision. You can always give it another go, as long as your alive. Think of how many future adventures you have missed...  Bravo, brains over brawns.
😅very tired...can I join u...
I'm watching this from Australia and quite frankly I'm amazed that people hike anywhere in the wilderness, isn't this friggin bear country .. ?
The ability to center to that degree is something precious, vivacious and oh so uber.  I have it.  Wish I had more or wish I used it more often.
There was no margin for error. Getting lost, rain, snow, injury or equipment failure. You made the right move turning back. Quitting has negative connotations. There's a time to cut your losses.
jakie buty tu miałaś na tej trasie?
I am sooooooo very proud of you !!!!
You are that pretty girl from the coffee ☕ shop?
Girl you did the right thing! And that took so much courage!!! I’m so proud of you!!!
Pocket pistol safety measures extra power bars and gels thin air mattress plenty of stretch and rest  light tarp and running mate slow and trot some  stop quotes from 🎵 music songs stop and poems, wilderness authors remembered by stop and reading some of their work from your tablet or mind l will help with this consider a concept that could pay off with a lot of views millions teachers schools kids entertained and shown trails a scenes of the world's trails you need a camera crew and translation of writers who were well known who wrote books about their trails and forest deserts islands jungles concept for success. Good luck on your future endeavors whatever they may be stay safe and travel with a buddy, better yet camera man and friend  .
kudos!!!!
growing in wisdom...  is growing!
There's a difference between quitting and stopping.
You're awesome
"Not quitting" is not about succeeding at everything on your first try through sheer perseverance. It is about trying again and trying better using the experience from your failures. "Not quitting" is about getting back on the horse, and not allowing your failures to get the last word, when there is something on the other side that you want
Growth ! Proud of you gal.  🎉
You can run when you want to run, and walk when you want to walk.  Just enjoy at the pace you like.  Simple.
National parks welcome pets—in developed areas, on many trails and campgrounds, and in some lodging facilities. The National Park Service preserves special places for visitors to enjoy—even with your furry family
Hun your out to have a good time and explore, not to prove ANYTHING to the world. Enjoy yourself hun. ❤
❤️🌟💜🌟🧡
There is no shame in quitting because there'll be plenty of days to accomplish what you set out to do. Looking back, would it have made a difference had you gone late spring to early summer? That was a pretty awesome task though!
You didn’t quit young lady. You simply delayed your completion. The challenge will always be there for you to finish. At 65, I’ve stepped away from many challenges only to assess, better prepare, change a strategy and re-engage. It was a learning experience not a failure. We are often our own worst critics. Better to challenge yourself and walk away safe and smarter than to never challenge yourself at all.
Incredible… today I quitted too… first time … first day with my new dirt bike, after falling 5 times doing hard enduro I quitted and get back home… 1h before the objective… I was crying too…   Nice feeling to see your video and review myself… we are getting very responsible 😂  (First time I commented something on YouTube)
Zastanawiam się Ewa komu i czemu ma służyć to bicie kolejnych rekordów ponad ludzką wytrzymałość. Nie przyłącze się do tych wszystkich osób, którzy podziwiają Twoje wyczyny i biją brawo, bo dla nich jesteś Ewą a dla rodziny WSZYSTKIM. Tak bardzo się o Ciebie martwie, chociaż nie do końca zdaje sobie sprawę  jakie trudności musisz pokonać, aby je realizowac, bo chyba bym zwariowała ze strachu....
There's no shame in knowing your limits.  NONE.  When you don't respect your limits, you put yourself and potentially others in danger.  The fact you even attempted it is massive respect!!  MASSIVE RESPECT.  I've hiked the Appalachians (in my youth) and 95 miles is NO JOKE.  I couldn't imagine doing something like that at my age and in my condition.  Listen to your body, respect yourself, and never look back!
You're cool. Being real is cool. Being a fake is not.
Gdzie jest Twoj piesek??
Vulnerability is a strength, sharing your strength is powerful!
Good on you Eva you go girl
You're amazing. Love this video and your insights. Learned a lot from this video. Thanks for sharing!
Cara Eva, il tuo coraggio questa volta è stato quello di accettare di tornare indietro.  Questa non è una sconfitta è una prova di maturità. La tua grandezza, il tuo valore è quello di essere sempre te stessa, nonostante tutto... Ti vogliamo bene!
i`m 68 Do you have any idea how many busted up  old men i know that would not quit.  Besides your dog misses you. i watch your adventures with my pack.
You would have rather opted for fasting and take your time in hiking, that food you ate, I would rater starve.. no offence..
i love your video and your energy  🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Eva...you are Amazing!!!💕💕
Saw that you have barefoot shoes!!!
That was a difficult one to watch; I just found myself wishing I could light the fire, run your bath and make you a mug of chicken soup. Even healthy fit people can pick up a "fluey" type big which knocks you for 6 for a few days.
Good Grief Girl. You did fantastic out there on your adventure. You are young and will have a "softer" idea of life perspective when you get older. l can guarantee you will not wish you had pushed harder when you turn 70. l also have a huge male, hairy German Shep, Zeffie.  Sending my best to you, Grammie, 72, Utah
Such a rare lesson to be shared in our age of social media. I wondered if it was altitude sickness you experienced–I know that shouldn’t necessarily happen at those altitudes, but I wondered if your rapid ascent may have caused symptoms. In any case, continuing on in the face of incontrovertible evidence of ill health would have been rash. You yourself nailed it: when you’re solo alone in the wilderness, it’s up to you and no one else. Live to run another day. That scenery, btw…omg. For many reasons, thank you for sharing.
@Eva - I have visited CA, US  first time in my life this Oct/Nov and on 2nd day with walking long distances with heavy  backpack had the issue with achilles joint.. but I did  1651 miles with rented car form SF- to LA with Yosemite (2 trails).. and also after 2 weeks of driving and poor sleep decided to finish it.  There was nothing more to see that would be more than Big Sur seen before the sunset etc..     You just get older Eva ;)))
I hope you feel better soon and when you do you should come to Potter Valley California it is a beautiful small town with  lots of small attractions and amazing hikes like trout creek which looks like something from a fairytale 😀
All the comments already posted said it better than I could - so just want to blow up your comment section with ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I love this video 😍 you are amazing 😍
This is not quitting, Eva.  This is making a sensible decision for your own well-being.  Your body was making clear signs of distress.  Human body works in such a way that blood is rushed to the most needy organs.  Your muscles were greatly fatigued and started reach a point of failure.  So most of your blood was rushed to supply them with the necessary amount of nutrients and oxygen to repair the damage.  In the meantime, there was not enough blood remaining to service your digestive system.  That is why you felt like vomiting and could hardly keep your food down.  With not enough blood to supply the digestive system with the necessary fluids and enzymes and to absorb nutrients, your food was starting to create a backup.  If you would have kept going, it's not unlikely that your body could have starved itself trying to repair the damage while neglecting to replenish the supply from your digestive system even with the full stomach.  You could have likely passed out along the way.  Your decision to turn back might have saved your life. We all make goals for ourselves.  Sometimes we don't quite realize how much we can handle.  So we might pursue goals that are far beyond our reach.  A prudent person is the one who can reassess their goals and make appropriate adjustments in light of their circumstances.  Staborness, on the other hand, might at times border on folly and lead to destruction.  Through this experience, Eva, you have proven yourself to be prudent.  And that is something to be proud of!
Never quit as long as you can still do it….what is your MAIN purpose ? //// if I were you …. Just help people while still you can ….or be an inventor…it’s very very dangerous ….. to go by yourself a lot of snake and lion and Ghost …. And your clothes / shoes is Not enough …. So very very cold friend …. Used your beautiful body and brain how to  in good way…. .////
That message at the end only hits home if you see someone going through such crazy intense battle beforehand.  Be gentle with thyself, it’s your best friend ❤
Just to echo everyone you listened to your body and coming back alive is the most important ❤
I don't know, but I'm super impressed!  But who I'm I??? Keep up the adventure of of LIFE!
Thanks for sharing this, I think you did the right thing. Your intuition is always to be trusted.
One of best solo hike experience video. Thanks Eva
I don't know if I have ever met any woman as brave as you yet
Eva did you follow up with a medical professional?  I asked as whilst you went through extensive altitude gain you never actually got above around 2000m (Panhandle) in altitude on this trail.  That’s very low for AMS and I wonder if you might have been going through something that presented as AMS.  I see a lone wolf running with a pack up and down for Herculean efforts, I really think you’re negative thoughts were related to fatigue and enormity of the task…but I also wonder if something else was causing the sickness.  Please check. Oh, and never leave the bear spray out again!
As a Scout Leader, we always watched for many of the symptoms you were displaying. Thank goodness you decided to head back. There is nothing wrong with being safe. Many people have died because they thought they needed to go one more mile.
Whatever doesn't destroy you, makes you stronger. You didn't quit. You got stronger. Keep moving from strength to strength, but record it as I like watching!🤔 Okay now I sound creepy....😮‍💨
This video will probably save someones life! Turning around is so important when you don't feel up to it, no matter the reason, especially in this environment!
Where is your dog while you hiking?
I'm nowhere near as fit as you, but I recently had crazy altitude sickness while running a half marathon trail race in Flagstaff. It's at 7,000ft, and I wasn't feeling too bad, but after mile 10, I puked...twice. Lol. But hey, at least you got to enjoy those incredible views!! Combined with trail running, carrying all your gear, and filming – you covered an incredible amount of distance. I made a similarly tough decision to cancel a backpacking trip in Glacier. Forecasts at the tentsite were 43MPH and I got a late start – so I decided it wasn't a good idea. It's the responsible thing to do! Sometimes the most 'experienced' thing you can do is turn back. As disappointing as that is. Regardless...I will be returning to Glacier to try again!! 🏔
Quitting isn’t making a smart decision for your health and safety. Quitting would be not trying again. There are always more moments in life to try this challenge a second time. It’s the continuous trying that makes someone not a quitter! Proud of you for making the smart decision and taking care of yourself ❤
It doesn't exactly seem to be a good idea to do something like this in general. And just to score views and/or to "entertain" followers while pretending it is "fun" (at least at the beginning), may even be a bit stupid? So you're voluntarily suffering and putting yourself in danger for the entertainment of others. Isn't that's a little dumb?!
no words, just "WOW".
Well if you shave the hair off your body you'd lose like 5 lbs.  Worth it?
at 15:03 you said "common, get up ... get up!" I tell myself that EVERY MORNING!
This is so unbelievably intense ... Glad you're ok ⭐✨🌎🎉 You're so strong women just get up and try . It takes a team of men to do what you're doing have to know what is your astrology sign you're a winner anyway just the things that you do have accomplished you're such a strong woman that's your inner self telling you to go back is telling you the right thing to do you would have died I'm sure and I hate to say that you have to go back it's your inner self telling you to be safe. STOP 🛑 there's always tomorrow ✌️👁️ an  Take a team of Friends
"One-minute rest every hour is better then 15 minutes of rest every 5 hours." - Eric Haney (Delta Force)
As a grandfather I watched this and little tears rolled down my cheeks. Sometimes you just need a hug. Your personal growth is inspirational. Be proud!
This needs more likes yall.
You did not quit . You know when to stop so as not to get yourself into any danger . Good Job  !
Hi Eva! so happy for you that you come to understand what's life all about - the real goal must always "be happy" you don't have to justify ANYONE the decisions you make - it is your fuckin life! 🥰🥰
Your knees and back will be paying for this type of run, some years down the line. But enjoy it now that you are fit. ;)
Proud of you.
Eva , el esfuerzo es grande!!! empeza a comer CARNE!!!!!! Tampoco hace falta ser masculina para ser fuerte, creo que las mujeres son mucho mas fuerte que los hombres y te lo digo por que estoy rodeado de cuatro mujeres que son verdaderas topadoras!!! un abrazo grande desde la Patagonia Argentina!! a seguir adelante que vos podes!!
don't mention O God while you don"t even believe on any God
Its only quitting if you never do it again. There will always be tomorrow......
Unpopular opinion: if she had 50k subscribers, rather than 1.5 million, she finishes. Nothing wrong with having already made your bones -- you don't necessarily have to make them again and again. But you do have to make them...I guess my point is that there's a difference between giving up when you're already a winner and giving up when you've only ever lost. Giving up and feeling okay about it is earned by not having given up a thousand previous times.
Eva did you get vaccinated for hepatitis A and typhoid before you started traveling the world?
Love to watch your videos, I’m sorry that this adventure was so difficult but in every difficult and challenging adventure there is always a positive take away and learning experience.  How react to these challenges is the whole point.  Keep up the good work.  I would like to know the make/model of your orange banded watch that you wore in this video.  Thank you in advance.
Total respect for sharing this vlog. You did the right thing, had you continued onward it might have been a very different story.
You are so inspiring. I love the challenges you take on. I want to be more like you. I also love seeing how hard it was for you to stop your goal. You have incredible drive and a never give up attitude. Finally, love that you are smart and realize that objectives can change and that is OK. 💙💙💙
What a sweet lady! She has a really good heart a lovely human being! You are a real champ!
You didn’t quit on yourself and that’s even more important. You made the right decision.
Pomysł był po prostu średni i trzeba umieć się przyznać do złych pomysłów i decyzji. Niestety każdy sie myli i popełnia błędy.
If quitting means living then you don't have to feel bad bout it.   It's fine to take an L sometime 🙂 and there's always 2nd try.
Here’s a thought. You only have to get halfway. Then you can turn back or go forward. The distance will be the same, the effort the same, but the result will be different. So, get halfway, then decide.
Poor vegans
I was thinking all the time what a nuisance it must be a to film yourself and pick up the camera afterwards every time... but yeah it is a relative small price compared to the life style it affords you to live  anyways, the real journey is mental and emotional and keeping it real. great sharing
Bravo. Quitting is natural. The notion to "not quit," is about control. Workers are driven to go to their extremes in order to produce. Animals quit all the time. Quitting is survival. ...and there is no need to add forgiveness to quitting, understanding is way more natural than forgiveness. Again, Bravo.
All I have to say is simply THANK YOU for posting this video <3
are you deleting my remarks?
Retreat is a tactic, a tool in any warrior’s bag.  Never quit knowing yourself!  If you’re ever in Tucson I’ll make you something to eat🙃🙂😊happy trails
Quitting when someone is shooting at you will get you killed. Not quitting when your body is shutting down and no one is shooting at you will get you killed. Stay alive my friend.
You did not quit. You reassessed the situation and survived. Death awaited along that trail if you continued while having altitude sickness and/or other ailments (although I suspect altitude sickness). There was no way anybody could have safely made such a multi-day run under those conditions.   I believe you triumphed to a much greater extent than you even understand now, by recognizing physical limits at a critical moment. But I am sure you sense it because you made this video.
stop complaining so much, you chose this life enjoy it.
I hadn't finished this video when I knew I became your fan.  Thank you for your honesty.  It takes strength to realize the safest turn is back.  A most difficult choice when the decision goes against your core.  Live to fight another day.
whoa! no bear spray
To be strong is not always to be physical strong and endure. Sometime you are strongest in your weakest moments. Those times when you say enough is enough. In this case it was running uphill. In other cases it is leaving a job, a relationship, a way of thinking, to survive.   I assume you had a bout of altitude sickness. I had that in Africa traveling at 6500 ft. Not hiking, but it felt like that. Headaches, legs filled with led, nausea, problem sleeping, nightmares. The most athletic of us all in the group, a guy running half marathons, had the hardest time adjusting. And I guess you running up-up-up with a backpack made it all tougher.   What touched me the most was that you learnt something about yourself, about who you want to be, how you want to live. ❤️ I will carry those thoughts with me in tough moments when I myself wonder if quitting is failure or a way of gaining a new perspective of live.
That is exactly how people go lost or missing.  Then being dehydrated tired and feeling dizzy and not being able to finish your food because your are over exhausted.  Worst case doing it alone and not with a trusted partner.  Too many people missing there on that trail doing the same thing you did. :(
WHY would you want to 'run' it? Isn't the whole point of doing an adventure like this, to enjoy it and admire the scenery .. take everything in? This reminds me of caravaner's I see while on the the road here in Australia, travelling at the maximum road speed and failing to even see the scenery they are passing by.  What's the point? You made the right decision by turning back and all that navy seal hype is simply macho bullshit. It's not a matter of proceeding at all cost .. it's about understanding your body and knowing when to stop what you're doing and when to turn back. Dynamic Risk Management.
You are not one of the Tarahumara people in Chihuahua  Mexico, who can run over 100 miles in one session.  They wear clog shoes, take smoking breaks, check them out.  They are physically and perhaps hereditarily suited to this.
You are still my hero
Totally unrelated, but I switched on the TV to see you presenting a piece on the snake venom collection in Mexico. I hadn't realised you'd done work for the Bias Broadcasting Company. I hoped they paid you well. 😁😁
You broke so many basic personal safety rules with this one it terrified me. In the condition you were in with the altitude sickness and the lack of prep if you had kept going I am 100% sure there would be search parties looking for your body...There is NO shame in quitting.
I live in Washington and have hiked parts of the wonderland trail many times and have done the whole trail three times.   At 20 mile days, it took me 6 days with a 40 lb. pack. That was a very disciplined hike. Stopping every hour for 10 minute breaks for 12 hours of hiking every day and trying to keep a 3 mph pace. The 2nd time, It took 11 days with a 50 lb. pack to really enjoy the surroundings and not suffer the exercise pains.   3 days is a simply not realistic without support. I understand you did the Mt. St. Helens ultra marathon. The complete wonderland trail is similar to doing that 3 days in a row. According to my GPS all 3 times the trail is really 109 to 112 miles long and not the 93-95 miles most maps indicate. Finally, this trail's elevation gain is very similar to climbing up and down Mt. Rainier 3 1/2 times from paradise. That is 12,000 ft a day. I doubt the top endurance athletes of the world could do that full trail in 3 days.  On a side note: Unfortunately, most areas fo U.S. National Parks dogs 🐕 are not allowed but there are many hidden gems in WA you can take your pets. Example: Excelsior Pass North of Mt. Baker. West Fork Foss Lakes near highway 2 Stevens Pass. Dungeness River via Pac NW Trail Olympic Pennisula. To name a few.
Energy boosters, cause disorientation, Vegan diets deplete animal fats, causes disorientation, Alaska is a damp climate which deplete fats rapidly.
When you don't listen to your inner voice that's when you find trouble. You say you quit, I say you didn't finish, you have accomplished more than most people do in a life time. I for one admire and respect your zest for life. Safe travels.
Eva did you encounter any problems with bears?
That is a big undertaking....plan for the unexpected
You are amazing Eva thank you for inspiring me. Giving up is just as much a part of life as moving on.
You don't want an injury out in the sticks. I wouldn't recommend solo hiking in the remote areas. Glad you made it out safe. I was told to put googly  eyes on the back of your hat to confuse cougars likely doesn't work but I'd still try it. Be safe folks.
You need to change the way you view these things. You didn't give up. You learned where your limits are. Everyone has a limit. The hardest part is learning how to become humble about it. There are so many things one can do in life. It's important to know when to throw in the towel and move onto the next goal. That's not quitting. That's wisdom.
You didn’t quit, you used uncommon common sense. The minute you looked at the map and realized you’d be unable to get help (or put others risk trying to help you) if something happened, you made the right decision. The hard one.
Maam i am proud of you 🖤
Eva, you didn't quit, you adjusted plans to changing circumstances.  WISE thing to do. Powodzenia, uwazaj na siebie. Wpadnij do Kaliforni, to jest inna, cywilizowana Ameryka.
What an amazing video, I absolutely loved it. And you did so well ❤️
Ironically, sobriety can sometimes be confusing  You made the right choice and that’s a win
What a warrior.. I couldn't last 3 miles on my good days.
where is Vilk?
In the navy or army they teach you how to survive. Not to put yourself in jeopardy. Knowing what to do to make it back alive. And you did 👍
Very proud of you. You’ve matured to the point of listening to your body, your gut!!!  It’s only telling you what to do to survive. Remember your instinct for surviving it the strongest drive we have if you listen. Congratulations on surviving!!!  It’s not about what you didn’t do, it’s what you did. ❤️
It’s very silly and dangerous to push yourself to the limit.
Eva, you did the right thing. You taught me a lesson that “giving up” is not actually “giving up.” It’s actually listening to yourself and knowing when too much is too much. Love you Eva, keep going strong girly ❤️ WE LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU!!!!
Good for you - listen to that still small voice - HE has a clue <g>
The person who never gives up, gives up. When their health and well-being are put in jeopardy. This experience has made you a better person.
EVA Glad you were Smart Enough to Quit and say yes not today
It really sounds like elevationsickness, so I'm glad you know your limits and you learned very inlightning message... ❤🥇
You're more man than I am.  I would have been scared of the dark.
Glad you decided to post this video. When it’s all said and done you STILL had an adventure. You saw nature at its best and you lived another day to talk about it.  Cheers!
You are amazing to me! My god your amazing! Just the fact you went for it! I live near Mount Rainier myself. Been up some of that trail awhile ago.
maybe you don't exist if you are not in front of your cam?
I love it! Thank you for sharing this video Eva!
Hello Eva. First of all "Never Quit" is great in life or death situations but your situation was about making an intelligent and intuitive decision to keep you out of that life and death situation. Great job! Second of all you may want to check out David Paulides' channel called Canam Missing Project. David is a veteran detective and investigator who has spent many years investigating not only missing persons in the wilderness but areas/hotspots where there are unique energies and in some cases potentially dangerous situations. This may explain why you were ill and is common in many of the situations David investigates. Mount Rainier is one of these hot spots. It's worth a look to add knowledge to your toolbox. 🙂
The Navy Seal doctrine is for how to deal with combat, not running around a mountain. You're not quitting, you're rescheduling to when you are healthy again. Don't ever feel that you must only show triumphs and never anything else. That would seem fake. Showing your humanity makes you one of us. it makes all of us a family. We are only human, we succeed, we fail. we try again. Welcome to the human race. Just have fun. Enjoy the beautiful country you are in. Stop and smell the roses. Enjoy life.
It's the only body you have so take care of it:)
I always hike by myself and have learned to listen to my inner voice. I don't always reach my goal, but I always come back.
If you ask me, I think it was not a great plan to "run" the trail anyway. If you are more concerned about making time and reaching way points,  you are not in tune with the environment you're in.  Feeling bad was natures way to slow you down and ground you back to your original plane of exploring and discovering the world.  From your epilogue, it appears to have worked.  The mountain will always be there. Go back when the mind and body are ready.
Wouldn't you need to replenish the same amount of calories regardless of how fast you do the trail?   This seems like a huge oversight... You shouldnt be thinking about number of days ... But rather number of calories you need to replenish...
It doesn't worth your life please don't do this to you.please.
Have you ever been to the mighty Himalayas of India? I would like to invite you to my motherland. Please come to India, would like to host you here.
I know I'm late to the pity party but honestly, you gotta listen to your body. It's not quitting, it's just coming back at another time. You can always re-attempt when you're feeling better.  Sometimes we can try and plan for everything and there's still things we can't control. I hope you're feeling better
Well done your are an amazing woman ❤️
You didn't quit!!!! You made a decision based on fact. That's the whole sum of it in a nutshell. There will be a time when you face this particular challenge again and arrive at the outcome you desire.
Eva, it is the food, it is the food that you eat. Take care of yourself
Eva, I know you mean well, but you must carry a weapon 🔪 with you.  🐻 Bears and everything else out in the woods will see you as either a threat or a food 🦗 source.
Oh Eva. It is so good you turned around. Many years ago I experienced “Bonking”. You bonked. Look it up. I needed help. I’m proud of you for turning back. ❤️
Nutty goal... Take a week and walk...
You have to know your limits and stay within them, otherwise it’s a dangerous game
My first thought as you were discribing your symptoms was Altitude Sickness.  you made the right choice!  The voices in our head can be our biggest critic and get us in trouble.  Glad you made it safely.  Life is an adventrue, you did not quit by the way, you made a choice to listen to your body and stop.  The adventure will contiue later when you are better.
ive never been hiking-- never even stepped foot on trail, so i have nothing to say in regard to that or how you handled it. Though i will say, you're a lot stronger than i am, having only watched a few of your videos i know that for a fact. To the point of quitting, ill say on your side of life, the nomad life, there is no way achieving something can positively affect your life. It can maybe positively affect your psyche but still there's no actual "winning". Just the same there is no losing. Everything is for better or worse. And its always better not to be worse. So just as much as i applaud your strength to be out there, i applaud your courage to know when to leave. You don't always have to go all the way.
I loved this.  You still won.
knowing when to take a knee is often harder than pushing on. Failure is a part of growth, and atleast you got out there and tried. you can always come back and try again!!
Not “quitting.” That’s living to fight another day!
I have a solar charger that works good, it doesn't weigh anything. I spent 5 years in mtns every day. You learn fast what you need and don't
Hi Eva. I think I commented this at your Instagram. I highly recommend reading: "Quit" The Power of Knowing When to Walk Away By Annie Duke.
Not a loser! When you look back at all you have accomplished; definitely not a loser in any way. You have shown all of us how strong, how determined, and what it takes to even attempt such an adventure.  You are one special young lady. Now you can get some much needed rest and continue to your next adventure of you life!!! Whatever that may be is your choice!
Where did you get your German Shepherd from Andrew they breed them and get your soul them cause I’m wanting a female German shepherd and the one you have is beautiful I love his colors and his treats that’s why I’m asking
I’m screaming, stop!  Altitude sickness is not a joke.
you absolutely did the right thing and you lived to tell about it. we have to learn to set aside the programming and listen to our bodies and our intuition, esp as women. you will def grow more from this experience than you know. hugs ❤
Comparison is the thief of joy. For years i couldnt move past a certain personal best and i was thinking about it holding on to it for so long. Decided I'd stop chasing it and just enjoy what was right in front of me. Let go of the expectation. So the equivalent would be running when you feel good and walking when you don't or resting, having that 5- day time limit was your PB. Being in tune with myself more allowed me to beat my PB- which came as a huge surprise! Lower expectations lower the goals... leave room to surprise yourself.
You just needed to do some acclimating training.  🙏🏻❤️
you will do it next time,bigger stronger better,its an achievment even starting a diffuilt journey
You are a machine, incredible courage and endurance. Absolutely amazing. Completely brilliant.
hey stop the camera pick scene it suc watching u waste energy and it ruins the scene anyway it lame cchange it please
I love that you love German shepherds I do too
You made the right decision.
It’s better to be safe than sorry so I don’t blame you for quitting especially when you’re sick take care of yourself Clint
Loved this video. One of your best yet. I played it on the big TV like I was watching an old favorite running documentary.  Thank you for this. And it motivated me to pull out my running shoes again. I've been in a running rut lately and haven't ran for about 2 months. Work and life and kids. But I need to stop matching excuses and get back out in the woods running cause it makes me happy. So thank you. I can still do it. And I like how you pointed out you like running down there instead of climbing up the mountain. They're both fun. But I belong running in the woods. You're an inspiration and I'm so happy for you that you're living the life you want and filming it for us to watch back home. We get to enjoy the journey with you! :)
One of your best videos yet. Respect 🙏
I see so many people try these extreme challenges and its mostly dangerous and painful. Why not slow down and ENJOY the adventure by soaking in all the nature.  No tears, just smiles!
You need to read the short paperback book, Johnathan Livingston Seagull. Perfect story for this scenario. What matters is not how fast or far you go.  What matters is, BEING THERE!
There’s nothing I’ve seen that I don’t love about you I know it sounds crazy but yes I would love to meet you in person
Still think you’re the awesomeness woman I’ve ever seen wish I could meet you in person
Glad you found yourself again, setting and recognising your boundaries is your greatest strength you possess, use it!
Don’t quit I damn sure try it with you
Way to go, Eva! True to yourself. Thanks for sharing. 🙏🏼❤️
That doesn't hold a candle to the job I quit.
-- Through the darkness of night,  And the brightness of day, There's heroes and sheroes, Who's always so bright...!!!  Eva you are a SHEROE to us all, a SHEROE to me..!! Thank you ever so kindly..! 💯🙏🦾🦿🤸
You are amazing with what you have done for yourself never think you ever a quitter
💖💖💖
you're not even close to a navy seal. quitting makes you a quitter.
You seem like a person who would really like doing the Western States Endurance Race 100miles in one day. However you are descending most of the way. From Truckee to Auburn California.
Take rest, get well and try again.
You are one gutsy lady. Good call on turning back. Altitude sickness is a brutal and sometimes deadly ailment.
I told you just stop this and back to me 😂😃.
Awsome hat! I want one!
Yeah, after living the last 40 years in Colorado, this sounds like everything I've ever heard about altitude sickness, Eva.  The nausea, inability to finish eating, the feeling upon waking of headache and being on the edge of sickness, etc.  Also, you spoke of consuming electrolytes, but too much salt while in the grip of altitude sickness can actually lead to more trouble.  You did the right thing 'quitting', i.e., wisely backing down from a challenge for which your body simply was not yet ready.  It hadn't enough time at that altitude to acclimatize (can take some people 3 days or more, with zero exercise, to do so).  Exercising at altitude without that necessary acclimatization first can lead to brain swelling and pulmonary edema, both of which can be life threatening, and might take weeks to clear, at full rest.  Well done listening to your body!  That artificial, gung ho, never say die attitude you described can, in the wrong situation, be every bit as dangerous and debilitating as allowing overly negative thinking to convince you things are worse than they really are.  Both extremes are bad, not just the one.  In all things, moderation.  Good job for seeing, and practicing that!  👏
You just follwed the Norweigian maountain code. Number 8. Don’t be ashamed to turn around. Respect!
Definitely altitude sickness, sometimes its better to take the slower option so your body can acclimatize - running it was probably not the best idea as your body didnt have time to adjust to the altitude. You did great though! Not a quitter :) You did the right thing, its the people who dont quit in these situations who die.
I saw the idea of running it with a nice sized pack, add altitude and a poor response there, you made the right decision to quit. I quit on Sargent's Ridge on Mt Shasta when 80-100 mph winds and storm blew in without warning. I got down quick. John Muir Trail is a similar epic hike. I got about 20 miles in from a bail out point when I had forget to get the right type of threaded fuel for my stove. Uncooked food did not taste good and I chose to bail out. Health issues and being  alone, then it's even more important to know WHEN to save your neck. Good call all the way around.
One way to look at it that you just saved a bunch of people's lives (probably including yours)... as there are a lot of us out there feeling like quitting is not an option. It had a real impact on me seeing that nothing bad happened. People still love you and appreciate you and if anything look up to you even more. <3 Plus it would have broken that sweet pups heart if any harm came to you ;)
It's not about quitting, its about knowing your limits and acting on it.  My heart went out to you on this video, you were clearly unwell and I cannot even imagine how you managed to run back to the hotel feeling as you did.
Too heavy Eva!  Cut weight to less than half.  Nalgene bottles are heavy. Use paper containers. Light and fordable. Save those coconut water containers. Take less water. Refill at water crossings. Usually plenty at base of mountains.  Use lens attachments for your phone instead of a SLR camera or a phone with 3 lenses.  Instead of stuff sacks use netting. Sleeping bags and tents just stuff them in the pack without their own stuff sacks.
Altitude sickness is no joke and can take weeks to acclimate to a new region. Climbing Mt. Everest takes about 10 days to climb but they spend 2 months just adapting to the environment. You did the right thing!
Really, 33 miles per day with altitude? You got a death wish?
I lost the ability to run when I was 27 years old. I was a passenger in a car accident that crushed my ankles, with many other injuries.  Ultimately I died but was revived. I ran all the time prior to the accident.  Watching you makes me envious.   But I can ssort of walk and I am alive to enjoy life in other ways. You better believe that when I pass from this earthly plane I will bre running again. Thanks for the video I at got to live vicariously through you.  👍
Great shape at 30! Just keep in mind your body will not heal as quickly as when u were 16. Take time to recover to avoid injuries.
👍👍❤❤
I agree with others who think altitude sickness.  I've hiked and climbed Rainier, and the rapid rise simple beats some people up.  The only solutions are go back, so you live to try again some day, or take the time to acclimate.  You did the right thing.  You didn't have the gear to take the acclimation time.  I'd rather watch a video of you being smart and wise, than read a news article about your body being found somewhere near that trail.
You are to much worth not to quit and risk never come back. Good desicion.
I have run marathons / half marathons/ cross country runs, Bataan death march when i was in the Army and younger lol. stopping and understanding your situation is your brain telling you that you're going to hurt yourself. Seals/ Recon, and special forces type are in a different situation... that is life or death. hell, you did further and more than 1% of the people on this planet.  I stopped looking at things like quitting and now look at ... wow look at where i came... never comparing myself to anyone else.
You're very brave but I do wonder sometimes if low self-esteem is the cause of these challenges or is it innate in humans since we've been challenged for our very survival for most of our history! Eva, you don't need to prove anything to yourself or us especially when it involves your life!
You didn't quit you just postponed this for another time. Stopping when you did was a good call.
Eva, I think you are a very capable woman with bags of determination and I am humbled against you. However, there are 2 major deficiencies in your plan: (1) Never hike / camp alone, especially if you are a woman. Something unexpected could happen and you could find yourself in a survival situation; (2) Take a weapon(s) with you. The threat may come unexpectedly from a person or an animal, or they say in some US National Parks, from a creature.. In German, we would say Sei Vorbereitet!  Personally, in the environment you are tackling, I would bare the extra weight and definitely take more food. Your calorie burn is enormous. I know of expeditions which have failed due to getting lost and people starving. I was never as fit as you, but when I was covering rough ground, the rule of thumb was to walk uphill and increase pace on the flat and downhill. If you know to call time, then the sensible course of action is to call time. Abandon and live to fight another day. Another possibility is to have a No 2 on a motorbike (if allowed) to follow you up and have more supplies on the party. Love you Eva xxx.
men du kan ju kämpa igen med detta mål , bara vänta lite du har bara fått en infektion, en sak till vi tänker  lika och vi kämpar , du är ingen förlorare tack för din lila film jag älskade den du blev bara lite sjuk
is ok to be a quitter😘
I never understood why anyone would run through a forest or the wilderness of any kind you're missing so much why would anyone be in a hurry to go through a forest or a desert or anything else of nature I have traveled all over this United States and have had the opportunities to spend weeks and sometimes months in the wilderness I was never in a hurry and I had never gotten myself into a situation that I could not get myself out of I really take time to smell the flowers to notice the insects the small animals lizards tiny little snakes scurrying across the forest floor I never took photos or videos because I wasn't doing it for me or for anybody else I just love nature and I wanted to absorb all there was to absorb and I still missed so much that it's not even funny you cannot see it all but if you run through it you're not going to see very much of it at all if that's your thing then more power to you I respect your decisions or what you do for yourself or me I always took my time and it's something got my attention I spent a little extra time absorbing it that's just me nobody should ever think alike I am very proud of you for the challenges you put on yourself and very proud that you made decisions that probably more than likely save your life
Well done not feeling well and pushing on till the end is not good , you did the right thing. You are the better person. Xx
"A good retreat, well-planned and masterfully executed, is in itself a victory." - Napoleon Bonaparte
You did the best thing 😍 Very happy for you. It's just genuine love and care for yourself. You actually turned a true winner...don't worry...take care 🙏🌸
Being smart, not stupid, is a win in my eyes. You managed the situation well, and that is the success you should be proud of.
Wow, it blows my mind that you would run back that distance in one day while feeling so awful. That has nothing to do with quitting at all, just making the more sensible choice and keeping yourself safe. To me that was still amazing perseverance to push yourself all the way in one day. I was thinking, why not find a flat surface half way and get back over the two days you had food for. Sure, the 'don't quit' self talk is important when you are feeling up to the task but have a dip and need motivation in order to push through, but when the body obviously isn't up for it, that would be really detrimental. Beautiful lesson to inspire you to be gentle with yourself and taking care of your body when it needs it. Thanks for sharing, that was powerful to watch. 💚
Hi! I usually don't write comments! But...I really feel that I have to write.... I am glad that you got to this point of progress inside. I can relate to your hike situation. Just this year I was in the mountains of Georgis(country), and got sick...same as you...only worse. I knew I had to stop the hike, but I also had to get back to camp. After which I did on small mistake...when you feel that you don't want to eat, don't eat too much, coz then you actually do more harm than good. I unfortunately didn't follow this doctrine and threw up blood. You need to listen to your body signals, when your body is telling that something is not ok, you should try to figure what it is...the sooner the better. And always bring with you a medical and survival kit...it's essential for survival in the wild. I cannot stretch how important it is! At any case I am glad that everything turned out ok in your situation! Keep it up and good luck in your future travels! Safe travels!
Sometimes quitting takes more courage. You did the right thing.
I think I would circle around in about 6-7 days so I could enjoy all the nature's beauty even this means bringing more stuff and being half as slow. Take rests, enjoying the view, photograph, talk with people. And I would definitely bring my partner with me to share all those moments.
The mission that you  have is possible,just needs more practice.
Exactly it is not quitting if your life is in danger it is making a wise decision. I made bad decisions and was not in touch with my body and kept driving my body hard to the point where I fell into a coma and had to be helicoptered out and nearly died. Took me years to recover from that and be able to hike a little bit again. So glad that you quit pat yourself on the back
I'm just glad that you've made it back alive. Who cares about "being a loser" or whatever that means. Thanks for sharing. What our world really needs are not more "dead heroes" but many more "awaken souls". Saludos desde Argentina.
Be safe. As much as I enjoy following your adventures, I worry about you just as much.
Thank you Eva for being this honest with us. In my eyes you have shown a lot of strength in quitting an sharing the story with us. To me this is a greater sign of strength than continuing. I can relate to your struggle very well. I was always strict with myself and proud of my discipline. But this pride made quitting horribly hard. I am still learning how to listen to my body and be kind to myself.  Thank you for sharing this story. Greetings from Germany Clara
Be kind to yourself  !
all that stress is bad for your health. better not to do long distance running. See Ray Peat.
Extreme distance running is best practiced as a team sport. Use a support group. it’s better not to do it solo.
The Universe has presented this experience as a massive opportunity for self-love, self-compassion, self-acceptance, and self-care.  Thank you for posting this video.  You would have put yourself in danger if you continued.  You made the right decision, but more importantly, you fully embraced the lesson you learned.  That will make you a better person and improve your life from this day forward.  Kudos to you!!!
Love your determination! It's so inspiring. Keep going and please don't stop posting all your adventures.
Whats the furthest you've had to backtrack to pick up the camera?
Of course you had to make and post this video. You won. You just haven't realized it yet, trying to fit the experience into your old ultimate challenge paradigm. Reformulate it.
Looks like your in Bear country , stay alert 📢 👀.....
Doggy snuggles are the best for this type of realization, because no matter what Vilk is and will always be there for you!!!!
Good for you in making the right decision .  Nature is unempathetic .  As make your travels down south , rely on intuition and gut feeling as you did here  , sometimes trying to second guessing it can be unforgiving .  Vilk , I'm sure , was happy for your return !
I imagine taking 2 phones, water\filter, peanut butter & pre-cooked bacon, triple layered clothes, catastrophe solo survival mini-kit, barefoot running shoes, shorts. Nothing else.
masochism.
We forget the larger forces in our  life and must learn to listen and honor those forces. Sometimes a slow driver is in front of you because there is a speed trap ahead or a flat tire stopped you from an accident. Sometimes "negative" things have a purpose.
There is nothing to be ashamed. You are a warrior.
Sometimes quitting is the bravest thing one can do 😌
The longer I watched you in this video, the more anxious for you I became.....I couldn't even think to skip ahead to check if you were ok.......I could see the darkness of altitude sickness creeping up on you and I literally felt like shouting out to you to stop running, hydrate, eat, sleep and get down to a lower altitude as soon as you could safely do so! Your inability to finish your meal due to loss of appetite, nausea, brain fog and crushing fatigue were all classic symptoms of altitude sickness and I was worried sick that you might wake during the night with severe shortness of breath due to pulmonary oedema, a frequent and sudden killer in those not acclimated to altitude over a planned period of time. I've travelled with people from sea-level in Melbourne to 8250ft in Vail, Colorado in 24hrs of flying and getting no sleep and then become symptomatic with altitude sickness by the next morning. With one of our group, it was an ambulance trip down to Denver at 5000ft with an oxygen cylinder that saved her but that was the end of her ski trip. With another friend many years later, we had the luxury to be able to call a service that brought a pump-up mini hyperbaric chamber to our accommodation and our friend lay down in it and was pumped up to sea-level pressure, where all her symptoms disappeared. She was then slowly returned to the pressure of 8250ft and experienced no further symptoms. You were alone and confused by what was happening to you. Had you tried to go on, it's highly likely your condition would have gotten much worse........possibly very much worse........thank goodness your inner angel stepped in and you saved your own life.......now that is a huge VICTORY if ever there was one!! I wish you a long, happy, healthy and adventurous life!!
Well done Eva. You know when you met your limit. Stay healthy!👍👍
David Goggins would say, "Don't quit. Pain is temporary.  Push through it!"
Great lesson. I have never QUIT but I have STOPPED certain things that were not in my best interest.  big difference in the brain.  I am PROUD of YOU.
So far, to me this is the best video of yours. Thank you for sharing this.
You are winer in any way. Hope you get well soon. Cheers Eva. ☕️
Me too. Every day.  :0/
This is probably one of my favourite videos you have done Eva. You are a real inspiration and I love your honestly and vulnerability. So glad that you shared this with us thank you ❤ Chelcie
A real super girl 👏♥️
Better to have loved than not have loved at all. You doubted yourself in the beggining but tried anyway. What if you had listened to your doubts? Then you would not know if you couldv'e did it at that particular time. This post is so empowering and I apprectiate it. It's not so much about winning the destination for me, it's that you tried!!!
you just used good, plain common sense...you lived...i count that as a win...
I’m not a doctor and I don’t play one on television but it looks like dehydration and altitude sickness to me. As Dirty Harry said, “A man has to know his limitations.” I’m proud of you for recognizing your limits and having the common, it’s really not that common, sense to not put yourself in more danger. You are a very wise person. I wish more people were like you.
U r still a bad ass in my book, and smart for listening to your body. Run for joy.
for a thru hike (4-8 months unsupported) i usually target a pack weight of 10kg (22lb) including water and 5 days of food. for a 3 day i'd target 8kg. if i were trail running, i'd probably try to squeeze 7kg.
It may not have felt like a physical win, but I def think you mentally won this with that self awareness and realization that not-quitting can bring a high price in the end. I hope other YouTubers see this and appreciate what it is to acknowledge something may not be meant for you at that time, or maybe at all, and that it's better to have tried and quit than not at all. I'm glad you posted this. You're such a strong person. Most of us wouldn't have even considered starting this challenge.
You are one awesome woman.
Great reflections… I couldn’t help thinking of “The Norwegian Mountain Code” (Fjellvettreglene) Take a look at them and in particular nr 8. Doesn’t it fit your storyline quite well ? Stay safe ! 🇳🇴
Rubbing your hands on pine trees can make them swell Allergies
@ Eva zu Beck, I don't know who told you that dogs are not allowed on trails in National Parks in the U.S. , but  you have been misinformed, in New Mexico in both State and National Parks there are no restrictions on having your dog with you on a Park Trail, the only thing that the Park Services expect you to do is clean up after your dog. They do recommend that you do not take small dogs with you though as they can easily be food for Coyotes, Wolves and Bears. Anyway I'm glad that you survived the experience. 😊✌️❤️
The body always warns us, but we almost never pay attention. TBH, I prefer that you stay here with us for a long time, to achieve that, you must continue making the right decisions.
you quit, so what, just remember that in the end, NOTHING REALLY MATTERS, and as the song says, ALL WE ARE IS DUST IN THE WIND.
Thank you for all videos. It is big inspiration, but thanks separately for this video. This is big thing to find true in idea "Qiuting no make you looser" .
Thank you for listening to yourself Eva. 😊
I live in washington and I haven't even tried to attack the mountain
You still are Wonder Woman… and knowing that you’re still human (I had my doubts) makes it even better…
Brilliant!!!  What you did is difficult! and those that have tried something similar, it's not easy!!! And some times your CALL it. That's safe! That's the right call!
Failure is always an option, even though you failed to achieve you goal; you were still able to choose how you failed. I've worked for the NPS for 8 years in Yellowstone, Glacier and several other parks. Every year we have people that come into the parks, that ether over estimate their ability, under estimate the terrain or weather; and get themselves into a situation that they are no longer able to choose how they fail. Too often they don't make it back. The books that you talk about are for people that don't know how to cope with challenges, that quit as soon as things start to get difficult. Knowing your limits and knowing when to stop is just as important as the ability to push through adversity.
OK. Quit.  Time for suck pen1s.
Another comment Eva. After watching your video I found myself going back to memories I had of Mt. Rainier. Then I figured it out. Recently I had been watching videos of icebergs calving and several of the videos picked up the sounds of the breaking ice. With the sounds of ice breaking primed in my mind and then a little input about Mt. Rainier, some old memories came bubbling up to the surface. I went back to my formative years and remembered visiting Mt. Rainier and going on some of those short hikes above the lodge. It was there that I first heard ice breaking but not icebergs, no, it was the glacier right there within sight of trails. The glacier was too far away for me to detect any movement but almost without fail I could walk along that trail and hear the glacier breaking as it ever so slowly broke as it went down the side of the mountain. A most distinctive sound. As I remembered it I felt the same joy as when I had heard the real thing so many years ago. Funny the things that get stuffed into your memory.
I think once you experience unbound freedom and adventure, you never want to go back to the confines of a modern world. It's saddening to the spirit.
Eva you are so brave hiking alone. Are you not scared?
You are a better person for showing the hard things, and it's ok to turn back! Life is hard sometimes and we have to acknowledge our limitations. You could have continued but you would have been putting yourself at increasing danger with little help from the outside in a very remote area. I admire you for attempting it, and it will still be there for you to try again in the future if you want!?
I’d say this is your best videos you have made. Good and honest.
love your attitude ....love the way you see life..more important.. love you as a person. so refreshing to see genuine content from you..each week. keep going strong!!
No bear spray is suicidal. It may save your life from four legged and two legged predators. Mountain lions chase when people are running!
After more than 2 decades of working passionately and committedly even during the pandemic, in 2021, all I wanted was rest as I toil for my work but would not want anymore multiple responsibilities, and so requesting for a one year leave had been pestering my thoughts daily. My whole being needs proper rest from work and not just a 5-day leave but a 365 day leave. With prayers, I was approved for a one year sabbatical leave. Almost 4 months now and I still have to find my rhythm but it’s one of the best decisions I made. It is alright to rest and it is alright to quit at something and then find out way back to live life more fully and with better purpose.
Seems like altitude sickness. As far as getting rescued. You would be picked up by helicopter. This coming from someone that lives 45 minutes from the mountain.
You need to know the symptoms of altitude sickness, you cannot think nor motivate yourself out of it. Any altitude above 3000m becomes a risk. If you start getting headaches or start coughing a lot then that could become fatal very quickly. It is normal to not want to eat when you get to altitude, your stomach gets bloated with air expanding (due to less pressure from the atmosphere) and you tend to fart and burp a lot. Sometimes that will lead to feeling nauseous and sick. Depending on the ascent you need to cover, running might not be clever. You will also need to go slow to help your body adjust to the altitude. So you do not need to eat, if you have sugar gels your body will keep in going for days. Your body can run on the fat that is on the outer layer of your liver for days, you just need water. Also consider packing caffeine shots, they go a long way towards boosting your body and mind. Distance running is not mountaineering, do not think the rules of the one apply to the other. Oh and do not worry too much about the negative comments, clearly those have never done anything remotely challenging in their lives. I run marathons for fun but have done a couple of interesting hikes/runs in the mountains too, and have done quite a number of totally stupid extreme events. You should look at the ascent and then decide what is sensible, looking at distance is a very poor way of planning.
The rule for tourists in Tibet was walk slowly, talk slowly, move slowly. At 40% less oxygen, those of us who ignored this rule soon succumbed to altitude sickness. Running at altitude is not wise unless you were born there. Think of the extra oxygen needed for running. Biology will dictate when your lungs and blood cannot find enough oxygen for running. That is the time to stop and recover, or to walk slowly at a pace the available oxygen can maintain.
Body says "you're done now! Time to go home!" In that theatre of pain called Mount Ranier, you better listen to your body! That doesn't make you a quitter, it makes you a survivor!
great music.  where do you get it?  you're amazing.
did i see you on the BBC;s News edition of the travel show?
so proud of you!
Hey Eva, i am a big fan of your endurance. you are a true inspiration. keep going! more power to you!
You're not a Navy Seal. You don't need to be that. Just be yourself.
Eva dear you are a most wonderful human being. It's heartwarming that you are as honest with yourself as you are with others. The one we mostly lie the most to is our own self. 💐💐💐 So proud to be your subscriber. But girl you really need some buddies even one good friend is more than enough for a whole lifetime. Hope you find one such friend who will be with you at all times and stand by you through all your adventures... With you right there beside you. And America is Buddy land hope you find a good one as brave, as mad and as driven as you.
Pierwszy raz zobaczyłem Twój film cały, i mam wrażenie że to najważniejszy Twój film. I chyba dla mnie też. Poznałem Cię u Gdziebądziów i mam nadzieje że więcej filmów jest z tłumaczeniem, ze względu na moje upośledzenie lingwistyczne. Dziękuje Ci za ten film. I jesteś ultra odważna że go umieściłaś :) bądź nadal sobą dla siebie :)
Eva, I am glad you posted your video, even though I know you were terribly disappointed in the results of your solo ultra run. What you did took extreme courage. People in the military have a others around in their troop as a back up unless it's some covert mission solo, they have trained for years.  If you had taken it a little easier on yourself in your plan to go around the mountain, with a little more time and food, I think you would have made it fine. Altitude sickness is no joke and is hard to get over without more rest and electrolytes.  I have been an athlete all my young life,  Not young now.  I rode endurance horses besides other sports. We are not machines, our energy is finite. Our bodies take more wear and tear than a machine.  As an equestrian, I always had to be aware how my horse was doing , how are they breathing, are they drinking enough, are they dehydrated, is their gait off, is my tack in good repair, are they getting any sores from the equipment?; and that's just the horse, not myself.  My daughter is an athlete too, I have to remind her that she only has so much bodily and mental strength per day, no matter what she is doing. She can easily run herself into the ground and then be sick if she is not aware of her body telling her something is wrong.  That's is what YOU did! You listened to your body when it said stop.  If it was a life and death situation, (if there was no way back)I think you could have made it, but just by taking more time and not killing yourself with the running. PS: this is the first post I ever made to your videos, I felt strongly enough to want to encourage you!👍 I am a great admirer of your many travels!
😂I use to go on the Wonderland trails every weekend, but I hope you check in at the ranger station.  Waste state has a lot of trails did you go to mount Baker and Hurricane Ridge.
Thank you Eva for Sharing the video , of course right decision in right place
You have to know when to turn back and you went as far as you were suppose to go at this particular time. You’ll have other chances in your life time don’t sweat it  be proud of what you accomplished you done very good!
Quitting is not for losers, very often, quitting requires more strength then winning. It's never black or white.
I’d be too scared of bears
The mountain isn't going anywhere. The trail will always be there. Better to stop today and come back another time, than push on and do serious damage to yourself
At some point backpacking in my forties, I coined the phrase, "Go slow and listen for the lessons." It makes a difference. So what was ailing you? My first impression was altitude sickness.
Hello Eva.  I haven't read through all the comments but I think mine will be unlike any other...saying it is as much for me but also for you (if you see it).  First off, I have the same Wind River Range hat that you have.  Lol.  Next, I have been in your place before, faced with a wall that somehow appeared and caused me to turn around.  From a physical standpoint, knowing your limits is definitely a good thing, yet sometimes I believe we are presented with detours, not roadblocks, for reasons beyond the natural explanation.  It's happened to me so many times!  That's what your decision to turn around actually accomplished for you, a detour that allowed you to arrive at a destination of higher mindfulness and grow just a little more.  Kudos to you for recognizing it!  Next level will be coming into this type of challenge and knowing when to push through and continue...or when to detour.  I can't wait to see it!  Safe travels!
Your very smart.  You did the right thing.  Plus you had growth publishing this video.
No you understand why the human body was designed to consume meat.
Eva you are suffering from oxygen deficiency.  I’ve watched you on other runs/hikes and this one your not getting enough oxygen and rest. I can see the pain in you your face.  Plus what your saying the first night the altitude is getting to you.
Mt. Rainier is in my back yard.  The Wonderland Trail is one of the hardest I've heard about.  I've summit Mt. Rainier in three days and believe it was easier than hiking the Wonderland.  God bless your heart for trying.  My daughter and I hiked across the Grand Canyon this year, rim-to-rim.  That was fantastic.
Your health is much more important than some run or hike. You need to go back.
At some point in life, your mind will write checks that your body will refuse to cash them.
Bloody oath
Eva, you're definitely my hero!!!
Right on Eva, great video! Listening to your body is the best thing you can do!
It takes a lot of courage to turn back. So many voices in your head, voices of not just yourself, but the voices of others, the judgements and expectations.  I too have been there. I had the feeling like I was letting people down when I had to call time on an adventure, like I had over promised and under delivered, which was really hard when you’re already in a fragile space. Thanks for sharing your story, that’s brave and deserves respect, for that you have mine!
Ugh, why kill yourself running the trail when you can just hike it and ENJOY the experience. The best all day hike in the park is doing the entire eastside of the trail from the Summerland trailhead to Box Canyon.
This is one of my favorite videos!!! so honest, real, it happens!
you're really tough! the more I'm surprised that you think you have to justify yourself to us! And not being a quitter is a good thing, but knowing when you reach your limit or when you're jeopardizing your health and possibly someone else's in the process, is another! And many who are not as mature as you, would have ended up using the emergency phone! Your life is not a competition, it's a journey! Therefore, I want to extend my respect to you! Congratulations. And of course, I hope you feel better by now!
So strong.  I loved this vlog.
you are not a quitter!!! Don't be so hard on yourself, your amazing for all that you strive to do! I really would like to see you resting in an air bnb and hanging out with Vilk!!!
It wasn't defeat, it was wisdom and education. Next time please take the bear spray. 🐻  If you failed you would still be on the mountain.  No one would want to to see the recovered video,  you won rejoice.
quit to live, and adventure another day...quit to enjoy life another day...quit to sit in the idea of quitting to live another day!
Was it elevation sickness. The last time I went skiing in the lower Rockies the first night I felt dizzy and headaches and body aches. The next day I felt better.
Ex Army Recondo soldier here from way back.  Military thinking and training is best for military missions.  You are not in the military or training for combat.  You did the right thing.  Good for you growing up before you killed yourself.  Slow down and smell the roses.
Even as a younger man, doing 95 miles in the mountains would've definitely been a kick in the butt.
I need to get there myself. So much beauty just 8 miles in. And @13:28 just stunning. Never mind the vertical, just did the math and 50km is 31 miles, well over a marathon. Brutal pace in IMO. Navy seals train for war, not hikes.
carrying a big heavy camera around probably doesn't help (especially while running)... keep doing what you're doing...
Okay i'm getting used to the armpit hair now..
Compare yourself to who you were yesterday, not to who someone else is today. Especially a navy seal!
Or you could have drank some bad water.
its not a quit. you havent quit anything youre adjusting to whats going on. its just another adventure in self exploration and knowing your limits. youll be back at it on another one more prepared. he who turns and runs away lives to play another day. i hiked half dome so fast one time i was nauseous at 10, 000 ft. couldnt wait to get off the top and as soon as i  dropped down in elevation i felt better and better and better so the next time i did it i took my time and enjoyed the whole experience from start to finish. always good to spend one or two nights at a high elevation to acclimate before any rigorous activity. and what you did - its tough hiking that many miles with a pack let alone running it. good job.
Going higher and there’s lower oxygen levels. You’ll get tired faster and dizziness symptoms and sometimes nausea and vomiting.
Anytime you feel your life is in danger you stop who cares what anyone else might say or think. Remember you only have one life.
What you did wasn't quitting; it was good decision making. You had major symptoms of altitude sickness; carrying forward would have been very irresponsible. For anyone wanting to do a similar challenge, especially if you plan to travel solo in the mountains, please make sure to prepare properly! Practice with a heavy pack many times before your trip, plan a first-time route that is less remote with several exit points, get acclimated to the elevation before setting out, set-up check-ins with someone via a satellite device like In-Reach, set realistic mileage goals, bring plenty of emergency food and clothes, triple-check that all your gear is working, know how to recognize altitude sickness, and plan ahead under what possible circumstances you will turn around or exit early.
I'm glad you turned back. you did not look well. I dont consider this quitting or a total loss. you learned your limits and your body was telling you it's limits. Im glad you shared this.
You can go back soon if your body is  good
You are so awesome
Omg never seen such a strong gal. U r just crazy,
Furthermore, when running your using too many calories , you increase your chances of injury tenfold and you will not be able to hear predators ,hence the canine. Please be safe the world needs you!
There are no such things as quitters, just adapters; call them adjusters, listeners, negotiators, respecters, and perspective getters, too. How I understand it is that “don’t be a quitter” originates from a narcissistic way of thinking; for them, achievement at all cost is the only way to know and be loved, so that love is only conditional, you are “only good enough” as a person and worthy of love not for just trying, but for only being worthy of love when meeting an expectation created out of fear and insecurity.  Btw, there was a moment in the video early on where you were like “I don’t have to do this. But I need to. Not really. I’m not sure why but still I will…”, as if an unconscious compulsion. But by getting to that point of “what I really value is listening to me, and what my heart and body really need, not what others believe is good for me”, you got to break a pattern! 🔄➡️🌀👏  Well done for finding a way through it all, Eva! 🥳🙂
I’m with the firefighter from the northwest ! Adventures like this usually don’t end well when something happens . I get it , I love to be deep in the woods alone but with canine, always.
You are amazing! ❤
You are so real and willing to listen to the most important person in your life...yourself
Eva, You are many things, but, you are NOT a lover.  Can't stress that enough.  I'm glad you listened to your inner wisdom, and chose the path that would keep you alive.
You did the right decision because "Your mind will quit a thousand times before your body will". Your body have quit. I was watching a video about Timothy Treadwell the Grizzly Man. He ignored all the signs & past knowledge by staying with the bear in the season he shouldnt when bear is preparing for hibernation. His body quit forever inside a bear's belly.
im 32 now, and i learn that phrase: ill be the bigger man and give up first. that you cant beat everything, sometimes you just have to know that not everything is achievable. and you have to accept defeat here and there, doesnt mean your a loser, or a quitter.  you just know when to just give up.
The never quit thing is useful & dangerous. Yes it's great to have determination. However, what's it worth if you ignore common sense and get yourself hurt or dead. Or put someone else at risk trying to rescue you. You did the right thing. That mountain is not going anywhere, you can try again.
In my wooden house in the Thai rice fields, there is a bird jumping up at a closed window thousands of times a day. The window beside it is always open but this hero-bird never uses it.
1stly-never go alone if possible,otherwise DO take your bear spray! 2ndly-no good being a dead hero,if you realise you need to quit,DO IT!  Having a strategy to survive is better than a stubborn ego! 3rdly-DO NOT CUT DOWN YOUR FOOD OR WATER RESOURCES.THEY ARE YOUR ENERGY. 4thly-Why not have a small light weight trolley,what RULE are you breaking if you have one!? 5thly-Make sure you have comms for back up & let someone know your trail. You have alot of guts lady,especially ditching the bear spray at the start,but,at least you made it home & maybe you can tackle it another time with some nice company.👍🏕🏔
Your still inspiring...
I love you "Eva" 💘
This is my favorite Eva video, hands-down. Thank you for making the decisions to a) listen to your body and take care of yourself despite the internalized hyper-masculine rhetoric, and b) show us your growth process, despite the "mission failure". This outcome made for a far more compelling human story than if everything had turned out to plan. Also, I agree with a couple of other posters here that you were probably suffering from altitude sickness. Hope you're feeling better now.
No ego ... wise decision .... most of us live vicariously through your adventures
Who handles the Camera? It would seem impossible for you, on your own, to get such amazing shots... in perfect video...
Bloody Balls LOL
I wondered if your water filter failed or if the fuel food "marketing" got you in more ways than one. However, I know that's beside the point. As I watched you press on I thought about how I've always believed in listening to ones' self...to your gut. But how could you do so if you've programmed yourself to press on, no matter what. There is so much more to us than just strength and endurance. I'm glad you turned around. Thank you for sharing the mountain views and for your honesty. You are by no means a quitter in my book!
You make the right choice 👌. Without choices we wouldn't have no choice at all. You are still here and that's the best choice at all.
It's not quitting... it's a change in plans...  My son and I climbed Rainer several years ago... a great experience.
🏆
I quit stuff all the time.  "Losing" is a gift.  Man is the only creature that 'loses,' everything else gets eaten.
One more note.  You did not quit.  You assessed your abilities and made a decision to succeed. Quitting is for those who do not push their limits.  When you take yourself to the limit and choose to turn back, you are not quitting.  You are saving your abilities for another day.  Pushing through true pain is ensuring injury and recovery that sets you back.
As a former endurance athlete, I commend you for your choice.  I've never gone to the level that you have.  I've run marathons.  I've ridden week long rallys.  In my mind, I always remember the words of Bill Rogers - an olympic marathoner.  In an article, he talked about training runs.  He always carried a dime with him.  That was one pay phone call.  When he felt the pain that was not just fatigue, he reached for the dime.  He called for someone to come pick him up and take him home.  Pushing through the pain or sickness would cause more damage than build strength.  I admire your ability to determine and accept the limit on that day.  Another time the run would be possible.  But we cannot know when the body is demanding rest unless we are tuned to our bodies.  Eva, you made the right choice.  You are awesome!
In our tribe this would be diagnosed as plant poisoning or lack of animal fat it happens a lot when our cross country runners enter their 30s the cure is fresh winter salmon or any animal fat
When you are in the wilderness, knowing when the sum of all your resources and current capacity isn't enough, and listening to wisdom, often means survival. One of Alaska's greatest mountaineers, and a  revered mountain guide put it this way:  keep the "fun meter" pegged to the red and don't allow the risk lure tempt you beyond your safe zone. You made the right choice.  You were visibly not well by the end of the first day. Well chosen.  Pat yourself on the back and enjoy tomorrow.
Thanks for sharing. Great views and well done filming. I have a picture of Mt Rainier from mtb trip right under my tv. There is a difference in the "no quit" senario when you are on your own and the decision is one of life or death. In an event, you can push the limit knowing you still have a safety net. Good call, and I am enjoying your channel.
Great story!  It is a serious  win. And that house you live in is incredible!!!
What I fear the most is getting old but not growing wise,  in all aspects of life,  I value wisdom very much and I know it's very hard to truly understand and grasp wisdom for ourselves.  Thank you for making an impression on me today, knowing when to quit despite what your ego tells you is wise. May your growth become my growth and may we all evolve together and build one  another up with Love and by example. Did you ever notice how the word love is in evolve? I think of that every time,  we must evolve in love, love is the key to evolution in so many ways. I love you all, and hope that the very small minority of people who create fear will come to understand love the way the rest of us do!
Ahw sorry to see you had such a miserable trip. Altitude sickness may have played a serious role. Drinking tons of water is really the only remedy to alleviate the symptoms aside from descending elevation. Dehydration from the pressure can be painful. Headaches and weakness that won’t cease regardless of rest/sleep/medication are common. I had to abort a 2 week trip mountain bikepacking the Durango trail years ago. I was feeling hellish but wanted to keep trekkin. I was trying to decide what to do when I met a group coming back who told me a Texas hunter died from Altitude Sickness the day before.. So when I heard that I packed it in to be safe…  The water trick has since saved me from suffering that fate. Drink as much as you can…
❤️ keep it up love your videos
Can always try again. Respect your body.
You are not quitting, you're just postponing. You have to take care of your health above all, so you can do those amazing things. Listen to your body. Navy SEALs train for life and death when there is no option.
It was sad seeing you feeling bad and getting upset with yourself over giving on your run.   Don't be so hard on yourself, you have accomplished so many incredible things during your journey that you should allow yourself to cut a side trips short, especially since you were feeling sick.
You quit? Finally, about time, now, you should do more videos on Rio de Janero beaches, get a Brazilian body wax. Palm beach, Miami recreation, bikini selection. skin care, yoga stretching and gym squats. Paris Cafe, Prague luxury castles. I promise, your cannel will go through the roof.
I have quit many times on long trails here in Washington State when I realize I needed to because I had push myself past the limits of my endurance. Thank god I turned around and went back or took a shortcut to another exit and got out. There always another day or year to try it again or something new.
"Know when to hold em and know when to fold em."  Poker player's wisdom.  I've done a bit of adventuring and accepting one's limitations is a necessary tool for survival.    Sailing offshore in a gale and the seas were rapidly building.  We assessed the situation, evaluated our options, and got the boat turned around and back to safe harbor.  Three of our friends lost their boats on the rocks that day by staying out too long.    Free climbing and knowing that a move is too risky to attempt without first practicing it several times on belay.  Climbing a 14k' peak and seeing the weather quickly turn to blizzard.  We will come back another day.
@Eva zu Beck, I admire your courage and determination.  Not many in this world can do what you do.  If you're not feeling it, you have to make the smart decision - and you did, which also takes guts.  Hopefully one day you can truly enjoy the amazing places you visit without the pressures you put on yourself!  Godspeed and thanks for documenting your journeys for us.
I've watched all your videos and this one is my favorite one. Self-compassion is the way to go. Thank you Eva.
thanks for being real
You did not quit. You won! You lived!
Sounds like you need a vacation. Just you and maybe your closest girlfriends. Less stress. More relaxing fun.
I commend you for posting this video! I think more people need to voice the reality of “ it’s okay to know when the smart choice is the one where you should stop and turn back” you can come back another day and finish where you left off.
You should really get a long-handled titanium spoon for those backpacking meals.
At 63 I learned two things long ago, one,  to slow down and enjoy the beauty of the hike or bike tour that I was on and two, always listen to your body.  One's perspective always changes with one's maturity.  Know your limits and enjoy the adventure.  Also, I've seen enough of your videos to know you are no quitter.   Thanks for sharing.
It appeared you headed CW from Longmire but you turned back at Summerland (?).  Anyway, I'm very relieved you turned back for all the obvious reasons awa that if you had bailed at the NW entrance there has been a few forest dwellers on the road out and you would have had to pass by them.  At least you were able to see some of the best views on the section you covered.  Hurrah!
People die on, and around, Mount Rainier all the time...I'm glad you didn't die, for Velk's sake!
👋 I made the right choice. Sometimes you have to listen to ur body and know when to stop ✋️
What a truly epic moment, that moment we all reach when we realize we are not invisnsible and we need to look out for ourselves. Thanks for sharing, your pretty amazing.
This is an insanely hard trail. I ran it over three days and barely survived. Thank you for being real. I’ve noticed that sometimes my excitement at the start of a journey like this can mask if I feel a little bad but then once you get going you start to see how you really feel so you really have to listen to your body and if you are off def good idea to bail. I did same thing on Pilot Ridge Loop this summer, got a cold a day later.
Hey Eva two things about navy seals... 1) their life is on the line all the time 2) they are a team! if thone of them goes down the rest of the team will get them back safe! So there's no shame i'n you quiting. I'm glad stubbornous didn't lead to your death! Keep up the great videos for many years to come 😀
Having been in a combat environment, I learned that no matter how exhausted or even with injuries, that IS THE time to run to save your life. Unless you are bleeding out in which case nothing else matters but settle issues with my higher power. But there were a few times I ran literally to save my life. And it kept my feet going one ahead of the other and after a while, my brain was numb, virtually no thoughts, just moving , got to keep moving. And it worked. Obviously, because I am here to share it with y'all.
YouTube recommended me this video cuz it's 2022 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Girl, you are absolutely my inspiration. I’m so proud of you. You listened to your body and accomplished so much. ❤
where is Vilk ?
Probably best for your mental health.  Every single video you're always almost at your wits end.   Not sure this is for you.   Nothing wrong with kids.
Eva, I've never commented before but felt compelled to tell you that I felt so proud of you when you decided to turn back. There are many, many times when 'quitting', or not doing something, is more courageous. I found myself nodding along to all your reflections, including how the dominant voice in the fitness and wellness space is male, able bodied, without an infradian rhythm etc and completely fails to respect and nurture our wise bodies.  Congratulations! Thanks for sharing x
Dear Eva,  I have followed your vlogs for years now and I always enjoy your introspection and find your musings very wise.  This vlog actually had beautiful scenery and although it looked like you had a virus or something that was affecting your run, you still did a great job.  I think back when you were braving the deathlike winds in Anarctica and I have to hand it to you - you are a rockstar at taking the grueling conditions. We are all entitled to off days!  Glad your pup is back with you and feel better.  Be safe out there and keep on keeping on!
There really isn’t any shame in turning back. You’re mature enough to recognize that your body is telling you the answer. It’s more important to survive and give yourself a chance to go back and try in the future.
Wow your strong woman sometimes it’s not right your still bad ass
it's alright...you cannot conquer all things in life - rest - reflect - plan - repeat
Altitude sickness is horrible.  You feel so gag-gy and weak and tired.  And sometimes you get hit out of nowhere when it doesn't normally happen to you.  I'm sorry you had to go back.  But the mountains will ALWAYS be there.  It's small comfort now but I promise it's true.  I've been there more than once turning around so close to a summit and hating it.  But I never regret living to see another summit.
You’re such an inspiration ❤
According to David Paulides, 411 Missing, there is a very unusual cluster of missing people round Mt. Rainer. They are vanished without a trace under very unusual circumstances. Had you not turned around when you did, could have easily been one of those statistics stumbling off into a chasm in the dark.
Usually, when you run a Marathon like this. Farting and Puking Is OK.
This is one of your most beautiful and authentic videos so far, this is alll about being brave and boy, you're a badass! Thank you for sharing your lessons.
No bear spray or gun I would be running too
Don't  moan like Dame Lewis Hamilton .  You are ok.
So thankful you did the RIGHT thing to keep from becoming a static.  You are incredible and the videoing was an added huge task!  Thank you for taking us along. ☘️🍀🌴🌱
You are the best Eva, it was not quiting, it was the realisation of your limits, and making a wise decision. Breathhtaking, enthralling, and inspiring.
Eva, you are pretty damn amazing.  Remember that you are not a quitter when your spirit does not want to quit and you are not a quitter for listening to your body when it is giving you warning signs. Keep on rockin'. 💛
Eva, you had made THE RIGHT DECISION.... By the way, don't you miss a big plate full of Perogi, Cepelinai topped with bacon + spring onion + sour cream, and, of course, Tiske Beer ?    Kołaczki, Coffee Cake, Szarlotka, Sernik,  Pączki, Mazurkas, Cream Cakes, Plum Cake, Poppy Seed Roll, Ginger Bread Cookies, and a nice big cup of fresh and aromatic coffee?
you are the best
Personally I'm proud that you made this video. I'm more impressed with people that admit that you can't make it all the way than those that get stupidly hurt by going too far.
Your not a Navy Seal etc so you can't really apply their thinking regarding I am  not quitting I must push to complete the missions! But I feel that the most serious mistake you made was not carrying BEAR SPRAY on your  adventure!!!! I have hunted that area & were VERY LUCKY you didn't run into any bears, I have I was carry both bear spray & a 30-06 hunting rife. Please don't do that again. Happy trails!
Stupidity kills!
You didn't quit, you didn't lie down and let the bears feed on you.  You simply re-negotiated your way forward.  And go forward you did.  Just because it happened to be in the same direction you came from does not mean you quit.  It was the right call.
Eva, don’t give up on the rest of your life - find a good man, have some children, and make them proud of you and all your adventures!
You made the right decision..Making the decision you did shows maturity. Believe me life is too short to risk your health for ego.
As a former US Army Paratrooper I encountered extreme hikes while I was deployed in Afghanistan so I remember those days I was feeling sick and tired but I didn’t have the convenience of turning back. I do believe you did the right thing turning back and leave your ego behind. At the end of the day that doesn’t make you a quitter but someone special who when out there to have a little taste of nature and get to share this amazing experience with us. Much love and respect girl. Keep it up!
Temperance builds strength, but flexibility is power.  Hardening is only useful to a point.  Being too rigid can break a person.  Endurance is strength over time; adaptive and malleable to the various external conditions.  Bend with the wind.  Allow adversity to push you in directions you may not be made for... so that when the gusts subside you can return to that place of strength that provides stability and growth.  Experience will allow you to bend further, but wisdom and self-awareness are what will prevent you from snapping. I love this video not because of the disappointment and tribulations this brought you.  I love this because it is the reality of true adventure: sometimes it makes you suffer.  Just another bend in the road and another uphill climb overcome.... It is what makes the highs higher.
The right decision to turn back when the body gives clear signs of distress......gifted Olympic athletes like Kenenisa Bekele have dropped out of prestigious marathons. Does that take away from his accomplishments on the track, X Country, and the roads? Knowing when to stop, is a sign of maturity.
I’m so proud of you, so much to unpack in just one video. But your growth is absolutely amazing. I’ve been following since you before you biked solo crossing borders in Europe. Your determination is amazing, but thanks to wisdom we can see more of you and the adventures ahead. Rest up.
Next time 4 days and don't burn out on the first day .
Probably part of the reason you were feeling so weak was the elevation. That certainly will do it to you! Your "usual performance" probably usually doesn't include putting your camera down, turning it on to get a shot, running back a ways, running through your shot, going back and turning off the camera and picking it up and heading out again. That takes more energy than a lot of people give yourself credit for.  I know what it is like to reach your limit and STILL have a long ways to go. I'm not an athlete and never was. But sometimes I get impatient and I didn't want to wait for a bus. So without any normal running in my life I just one day didn't wait for the bus but instead started running towards him with the idea that the bus would catch up to me. Ultimately, and I know this would be pathetic for someone like you, but seven miles was a long ways for me but I did it. The bus which was fifteen minutes behind me didn't catch up until five blocks before I would have gotten off so obviously I just finished jogging the rest of the way home.   Note that I hadn't stopped to rest at any point. Again it would have been nothing for you. But with no training, no walking on any consistent based for more than a quarter of a mile I ran ... okay, I >>jogged<< seven miles. But I was exhausted at the end and don't remember climbing into bed and going to sleep. I was eighteen at the time, out of shape and taking a computer programming class which means I was sitting for hours every day (the class was from 3:30 pm until 10:00 pm). And oh yes, I ran home AFTER 10 PM when it was dark out and the route in Tacoma, WA that I jogged wasn't the safest place in the world to be running along the side of the road in the dark...  Anyway, good for you for realizing you needed to turn back. The look on your face as you were getting to your camper truck said it all. I know that feeling. It's great to finally get to where you are going and know that you get to go to sleep soon!  Oh, I'm 62 now, have diabetes type 2 and have Peripheral Neuropathy (diabetic feet = pain) so when I walk three miles I FEEL it. But it's good to get out and walk and be outdoors in some place like Mt. Rainier.
Welcome to Washington State. I live about 60-65 miles NNW of Mt. Rainer and I get to look out my living room window and see it on about 200 days a year (it doesn't rain here as much as people think, but don't pass that on please). I've never been in enough shape to walk or run all the way around the mountain. As it is, driving around Mr. Rainier can be tiring enough and I've ridden a motorcycle for 13 hours in one day where I was actually RIDING for 13 hours which didn't count stopping to eat or fill up with gas, both of which were done quickly and I think there were too pee stops. Anyway, the twists and turns driving around the mountain are tiring.  Mt Rainier is BEAUTIFUL though. Not just at one point but EVERY point around Mt. Rainier. I doubt you went up to Sunrise or all the different major spots on Mt. Rainier which would be a shame since they are all so unique and beautiful in their own way with different views of Mt. Rainer because you get to see it from all sides.  Note: Mt Rainier is the tallest and biggest single mountain in the lower 48 so running around it on a trail like that. Yes, a massive undertaking to be sure!
You didnt quit, instead you freed yourself from a mindless ideology that has no real purpose, goal or beauty. You should approach the beauty that surrounds you in a reasonable way, experience it, you always have time for that.
Good on you girl.  Respect.
Make friendship with Allah and he fix things out with you , he will be available anywhere you go and anytime , Islam not require to change the look essential , look come last
I don't think the type of food you eat can give you enough strength
THAT CLEAN CUT SKINNY TREE 🌳 NEXT TO YOU WHILE SITTING BY ROCKS AND WATER .AFTER THE 34 MILES ..SASQUACH BREAK TREES THAT WAY AND X MARKERS WITH TREES AND TREE BENDS
You did the right thing to turn back. I’ve only got around 500 miles in the back country but did it two weeks at a time and hung out at 8000 ft for a couple of days to accumulate. I agree with a post from the marine, classic altitude sickness. I think you won anyway
This was a humbling and necessary step on your incredible journey.  Ego won't ever save us - kudos to you for putting it in its place xx
Perhaps nitrous oxide tablets ?
SASQUACH IN THE AREA CAN MAKE YOU FEEL SICK..THEY GIVE OFF INFRASOUND  LIKE TIGERS AND SOME OTHER ANIMALS ..
i would have been such a whimpet , man , when i'm sick i don't do anything the bed becomes my world , deciding 20 kms of running to bed , the bed wins ,,,i would have laid down bear licking my face deciding to eat me or not , i don't care , i'm not moving , mate what u did was amazing and i'm a runner and a man ,,,your a good strong woman ,,,catch ya soon evu.
A GOOD LISTEN SASQUACH CHRONICLES  WES FROM SHOW  IS FROM WASHINGTON....AND  411 THE MISSING..LOTS OF STORIES OF TRUTH
I've hiked up from paradise up to camp Muir on Mt Rainier.  From 6,000 ft to 10,000. It took me about 8 hours to do it & it was brutal since I didn't do any aclimitizing hikes before hand. Your body just wants to lay down & go to sleep. You really have to pace yourself or your body will pay the price.
The one thing I remember from my mountaineering days is that the good climbers know when to stop climbing.
the first time you mentioned why you "quitted" I knew, that it wasn't quitting. It was knowing your limits. And sharing this is so brave. Brave and important, because the social media world is always like "hey - look how awesome and perfect my life is and so am I!!" Showing that a life can still be awesome without being perfect (whatever "perfect" is...) is so important - thank you for that!
Everyone has pretty much said what you already knew. In a nutshell, listen to your gut. Doing that video showed us that you're not a super hero and actually makes us respect you even more. You showed us you are smart and a true, honest person! As well, your decision possibly saved a lot of government resources had they needed to go find you, maybe in medical distress and your life in danger. Life is for living...sensibly.
Your feet are going to betray you when you turn forty! I am forty one and I used to push my body, with stuff like this. And now my feet hurt everyday in the winter!😨😵‍💫🤮😝😜😳🫣 You made a great decision you should be so proud of yourself!
It is called a Challenge, which means someone does it for the EFFORT not the final outcome. I would not call 50 miles in two days a failure. Rest up.
Hey Eva, you might want to see how  Stephen at "Film my Run" does his videos (he's an ultra trail runner too). His strategy could help you when filming running and avoid the back and forth walking... and comes out very nice too.
live life, dont loose yourself...  enjoy it but one step at a time
Eva is Truly one Incredibles Person!! My Hat is off to You and All you do!!👏👏👏👏👍👍👍👍
Getting sick out in the North American backcountry is a different game than Europe and other populated places, where almost every trail has cell service and an ambulance within the next few hours. Even when you trigger your emergency beacon it can easily take until next day until help arrives. Right call to turn around, better be safe than sorry.
I have the utmost respect for you for all the adventures you undertake, but just as much for respecting your own boundaries when you reach them. GOOD FOR YOU!!
I want to hike the AT and I am 71 . I believe a pack weight of around 38 pounds and averaging 20 miles a day is what I am planning .
Thank you for sharing your experience on that trip. In my opinion, your decision to turn around, when feeling sick especially in the wilderness, is exemplary. I‘m a passionate sports climber, climbing in and outdoors for 24 years this year and in my first year an old mountain guide told my family and me something I’ll never forget: the strongest climber is the one who returns home safely and recognises when the danger outweighs the will to succeed. Hope you‘re feeling better today. Keep up the great content and all the cuddles to vilk.  Sorry for my bad grammar. I‘m from Germany and seldomly use my written English.
Eva, I've never seen you in this state before, listen to your body. I am a doctor with experience in Mtn Climbing. I saw many in the mtns. who was very ill and unable to decide what to do, or to wait until next year to climb. Altitude Illness is painful, I've had it several times at summits. Most people who do succumb to the disease usually do coming down, too far from base camp. I have to say, you should walk back, discretion is better than valour, and it will not prevent you from being the woman we all come to love and support.
Eva that was movie star footage like Merle Street , I was so hoping u would make the right choice I could feel ur pain
According to Google, Wonderland Trail can take about 10-14 days to complete. Where did you get 3 days?😅
Thank you for this very important posting, when it's "life and death" as in a Navy Seal mission when others lives depend on it, then sure, quitting really isn't an option.  But even spec-ops teams know when it's right to fall back and regroup rather than compromising a mission by going into a situation that helps no one. Your decision was sound, if you'd become very ill on the route, you'd have put more lives in harms way by having to have a rescue come to you, cost resources and time that someone else who may have had an accident or problem beyond their control need for their rescues, etc, simply "to do something you want to do".  Knowing that this time, wasn't the right time to push on, is the wisest, and most "powerful" decision you could make.  You didn't actually quit, you judged the risk based on the situation and made an active decision that was correct for you.   As you pointed out in the video, if this was a trail race with support staff and emergency personnel on-course or at each camp at least, at the "ready" and planned just for this purpose, sure, the decision would be very different "push on until you can't" makes sense when someone is ready-and-waiting to help you if you need it and simply can't push on.  This wasn't that, as a Mountain Bike Patroller and Instructor, I wish more people would have the sense to listen to that inner voice saying "this is not the day for pushing more than I can" and turning back.  Just weakness alone could have turned into a wrong step, a tumble down a ravine and broken bones, and a VERY expensive and painful time waiting for and being rescued by a satellite phone call (if conscious to even make it) and airlift out.  (tens of thousands of dollars in bills potentially, plus pain and suffering of course).   You are inspiration every step of this journey, hopefully THIS step will help others know when it's okay to say "fight another day".
Eat it,you need it....
You took the right decision, don’t push so hard on yourself. Just do it for the joy and pleasure, that will last longer!
I headed back down to the Golden Temple and spent 3 days sweating and  shaking only going out for a bit of food.
I have this hike on my bucket list but there’s no way I’d even consider trying to run it.  Impressive video and effort.  Thanks for posting this.
What are u made of girl 😮 every time I saw your video you are challenging yourself in a new way RESPECT 🫡 🇵🇰
In the Himalayas I hadda count,75 steps,then rest for a minute, then again,and again until the end.
I only run when the cops are chasing me....
First sign of Altitude sickness,swelling....
I fully support your decision to end it; Well done indeed. History is littered with those who should have stopped, but didn't. If NASA had thought differently at the time then we could still have the Space Shuttles Challenger and Columbia.  But don't dismiss the tough 'Navy SEAL' approach of 'never quit'. It applies to a different scenario, that of those who have pledged to defend freedom against oppressors. They have no option, they will go to their deaths for us if needs be. That is the price of freedom and is what the Ukrainian soldiers are doing right now against those hell bent on destruction. You are right, it does not apply on a forest trail. But it does apply in life.
My common sense always tells me to listen to my instincts. If it feels off, it’s probably off. And I’ve learnt that the hard way too. Good on you for listening to yourself 👍🏼
Mount Rainier and Mt. St. Helens...my good old stomping ground's. I've hikes uncounted miles there over the years. I used to see if I could day hikes of many miles, but instead learned to slow down and enjoy the journey instead of focusing on the final destination or the end of day mile count. What I really love is just being in the mountains, being in the woods, in the wilderness. I have lived the rat race for a living so when I'm able to get out, I prefer to leaved all that behind and go to the beautiful places for the pure love of just being there. It's just a mindset adjustment. While I do get what your doing and your goals because I too have been there and done that, I hope you reach a point where you can enjoy the beauty as well.  Stay safe, and have fun.
I admire your selection of background music. 👍
That certainly looked like altitude sickness - you TOTALLY did the right thing.  This sounds a little dark, but remember: Mt. Everest is littered with the corpses of people who didn't know when to turn around.
You didn't quit. You just turned around. That was smart. 🫂
I admire you even more now.
Thank you so much for this video Eva and thank you for deciding to share your experience and journey with us. This was really inspiring, and even though you decided not to complete the trail,, this was so helpful to encourage others to put their mental and physical well-being first. I think you were right to turn back when you did. Love all your videos, thank you for being so candid and real on social media. Big love💕
Never give up (unless you have to).
The choice you made to quit when you didn't want to was super hard,  but also the right choice for you! Getting sick in the woods when you are only 1/3 of the way through your hike is daunting. Kudos to you for making this video even though I'm sure it was tough to do. Your life and we'll being comes first!
Jeez.  You probably pushed yourself too hard and had the start of elevation sickness which can become extremely serious especially if you are by yourself.   You definitely made the right decision quitting.
I was thinking of rule 8 in The Norwegian Mountain Code when watching this. The rest of them are also cleaver, so here they are:  1: Plan your trip and inform others about the route you have selected.  2:Adapt the planned routes according to ability and conditions.  3: Pay attention to the weather and the avalanche warnings.  4: Be prepared for bad weather and frost, even on short trips.  5: Bring the necessary equipment so you can help yourself and others.  6: Choose safe routes. Recognize avalanche terrain and unsafe ice.  7: Use a map and a compass. Always know where you are.  8: Don’t be ashamed to turn around.  9: Conserve your energy and seek shelter if necessary.
Take care of you girl 🙏!
Very wise of you to go back.
Vlk doesn't care that you quit, so why care what anyone else thinks?
You didn't quit, Eva.  You assessed the information you had from your body, the amount of resources you had remaining, the safety implications of continuing or not, and made the best decision after considering all the data.  Good for you!
So many blessings! Take care of your body, is so precious! Thank you for sharing your wisdom of self compassion! Blessings!
Take it from someone that has lived a full life and has failed and succeeded in many adventures. Sometimes we have to fail to succeed. You have learned some great lessons in this adventure and you will apply these lesson to your upcoming adventures to help you succeed. Do not feel like a failure but someone who learned a great and valuable lesson. Remember, the glass is half full everyday in life
Thank you for sharing this experience! 🤗
I have far more respect for someone who knows when to turn around than for someone who ignores all red flags and pushes on, putting themselves in danger in the process. You listened to your body and your intuition, and that's far mor commendable than ending up needing an airlift out of the mountainside.
The normal case of physical exhaustion. Happens to people who push their body past it's endurance. Now you know how far you can go. Carrying a pack while running may seem not that big of a difference, but even adding twenty pounds makes a big difference when its over ten miles and those miles are up and down and you are running on uneven ground. Not many people put in enough effort to find out their limit.
Someone that has never failed, has never tried !!!
This might be one of my favourite videos of yours. It’s real. It’s taking the positive from an un-ideal situation. ❤
Eva, You did not quit, you saved your life! I didn't look at any comments while I watched the video. The first thing that came to my mind when you experienced those symptoms, was altitude sickness, which can be fatal if not addressed. You probably gained too much elevation in too short a time  and are not used to mountain climbing. Also, use a screen around your stove in windy conditions (also, at altitude it takes longer to boil water), to save fuel and have water boil faster.
This, in fact, means winning in life. Listening to your body, not ignoring the signals even though the voice in your head told you different. You’ve mastered your own voices. Insane 🙏🏼
Well done Eva.  What you did was exercise wisdom in turning back.  I've spent a good amount of time in the Rocky Mountains and had to make similar calls...so I know how hard it is to pull the plug when you don't want to.  Making a smart decision to alter course on a journey when things don't go as planned is not quitting...it's just exercising the wisdom to change course (even if it's a full 180 degrees).
Most humans couldn’t do a fraction of what you did. You’re still on the top tier of badassery! I’m impressed with what you accomplished for sure! 🤙
There is so much strength in quitting. Knowing how to feel within your body if something is just hard or if something is actually wrong is such an important and beautiful skill. I have done 2 long distance thru hikes now and I have had to quit several times during my hikes. I remember one day when I was on my last 5 km of the day and it was like 35C where I was in Croatia and I was falling asleep while walking. I called my husband and he picked me up early. It was hard for me to admit I just couldn't make those last 5 km that day. But, because I was able to let myself quit on the micro scale and take care of my wellbeing, it meant that I was actually able to finish the entire thru hike eventually over the span of 3 months. I don't personally see success in the outdoors as being associated with actually completing your goal. I see success as getting out there, listening to your body and yourself, learning, and keeping your self safe. Thank you for sharing this amazing experience with us! P.s. I have been on the Wonderland Trail and it is just simply stunning!!
Fantastically uplifting and enjoyable vid. Great footage you managed too in such wonderful scenery. Well done you, for realising time not to go on and head back to safety. All best.
I solve sweaty hands on the gym with wristbands
You’re so brave. I consider this to be one of your top films on here. You made the right choice, Eva x
i know that my will is stronger than my body. my will could kill my body. so quitting is wise for self preservation at times. thank goodness  we have a brain with sense and intuition. and we are not always in the same form.
Eva! You are amazing! thank you for sharing this story, I strongly belive that we need more of real videos on social media.
Great job
I hiked the Wonderland trail decades ago. It was a great hike, but also a tough one. The trail continually goes up and down the ridges, crossing creeks and rivers that come off the mountain. There aren't many sections that are gentle or easy. I cruised around the mountain relatively easily, for the most part, though the second climb of the day was always tougher. The last two days was in the rain, which added another layer of difficulty. At the time, I was a marathon runner, so I was fully adapted for such a hike. Most people will have a more difficult time and will need to allow extra time for such a trip, or perhaps do it in stages. It's a great hike, so consider a revisit at another time. And remember, there is a big difference between distance hiking and just camping.
well at least you didnt have a sasquatch after you :-)
As you said,, "What for"? After all,, Who do you have to prove yourself to, other than yourself!   Being in the state of mind to make the right decision at a crucial moment, is a lot more intelligent and than being an exhausted or worse still, "Dead Macho"  for no real valid reason!  You were doing this for your own satisfaction and sense of conquest and perhaps, PRIDE!  But isn´t being alive and happy and not suffering for an unnecessary cause, more worthwhile and sensible???  I am so glad, that you made the right decision and that you can be proud in doing so!
where is the dog?
That's correct. Quitting doesn't mean that you’re a looser, but really means that some variables are missing in order to be safe. In some cases, you don't have the control to change those things to be success. Keep going my Venturer! And don't forget to always have fun.
Damn Eva. You are a tough cookie. THANK YOU for sharing. One of your best videos👍💪
Good for you Eva! Well done and glad you're safe, being smart isn't being a quitter. why are we so hard on ourselves that way? I appreciated the honesty and I think the VAST majority of us are going to relate with this. And resonate.
Wisdom, Eva.
Wow intense, so glad you are safe and sound, glad you turned back for your own well-being. That was your true victory.
Maturity. Judgment. Self-care, self-love. You made the right choice
Nothing to be ashamed of in listening to your body.  Body said enough and you listened.  What is the alternative if you did not listen?
Pride is a stupid reason to die. You did the right thing.
Wow....
Maybe it's just semantics, but I don't think this is quitting. Quitting would have been to just lay down and die. Best case scenario, you chose to end the run early to safeguard your health. Worst case, you chose to end it to save your life. Going forward wouldn't have just been dangerous, it would have been foolish. You did the right thing.
Omg woman , you did this track carrying a camera. One thing ... please filter your water before drinking, I've ended up with a warm egg and couple of months later I couldn't hike because my iron has dropped so bad.
That’s why you always should consider to take some of those Invincible camera guys with you. They don’t get tired, you don’t have to feed them and they survive everything. And if you’re in trouble or get sick, they backpack you on the shoulder and run all the way back to safety while filming the scenery.
Awesome job looking out for your body 💪👊🏼😤
Thank you for this Eva.
congrats you toughie - for realising that everyone of us has options and that, sometimes, it's harder to make a decision that "goes against the grain". When the decision is devoid of the ego, it's called a sign of maturity. (As an aside, that US accent is coming along nicely.... gotta, wanna and 'got' becomes gut!  LOL)
Your are not selfish with your spirit,,,salute
What a challenge. Amazing
It’s not quitting if the other option was to continue and not make it back. Always listen to your gut… sometimes literally 😅
Quitting when you need to quit is the right thing to do  ✌
these comments from Netflix a are the best here.
quitting can be the smartest thing you do. i believe you avoided injury or worse.  listening to your body and not your head can be very tricky. i think you got it right.
This gave me chills I’m so happy you turned back… ❤ thank you for sharing …. It’s ok to turn around
altitude sickness... you went up too fast..
Great video. That sounded like a really extreme run. It reminded me of the book, Into Thin Air. The hikers had a turn back time of 2pm. Several kept going up after 2 pm. Many of them died. You made the right decision. Trust your gut.
You are super girl to me.  God Bless you.
that was a beautiful moment to follow you even if you had it a bit tuff ... and you made the right dicision quitting
You made an intelligent decision. You must be your best guardian of your own life!
You're so strong and quitting made you even stronger. Thank you for sharing this, it means so much to me. I hope you're better and you don't feel bad about it! Because it helped me a lot. I think now I feel even braver to try new things and you inspired me to do so with this video more than ever ❤❤
The way to understand quitting is to become the way not push your way through it like a dog does in a race to get home. Why did you not talk to me when I said, “go to San Diego in your dreams, why did you not stop here when you had the chance? Oh that’s because your a lie too, right? No your just not listening to me when I saved you from the fire of Ukraine? Right?” God says that you just won’t listen to the truth and that’s why we are cutting ties with this place. “
You didn't quit.  You just changed your route to a shorter version in order to preserve your life on earth a little longer.  Goals change, it doesn't make you a quitter, it means that you have grown wiser due to circumstances.
You have to know your limits and NOT ignore them. Limits can change over time too. There is nothing wrong with backtracking when you hit a wall. Reassess and see if there is a way to move forward. If not, GET OUT OF THE SITUATION!
don't beat yourself up over this , sometimes in Life we must lose first , in order to win later
in my book this wasnt giving up. it was adapting to a changing situation. it was the smart move.
there is no shame in knowing your limits, because without limits you couldn't set higher goals.
Awesome video, You planned, did, and extended yourself, which is amazing!
You didn't quit. You made a survival decision.  You learned judgement which will hold you in good stead for the rest of your life. I am 70 and people say I do things that are crazy for a woman my age.  Trust me, I think it through and make a judgement each time. I am proud of you Eva.  I look forward to each and every one of your videos.
good for you!
You obviously made the right decision at the right time. You listened to your body rather than your ego and you lived to tell the tale. That’s a win in anyones book.
You made the right decision, we like you even more now, you’re one of us.
Great Job on listening to your body.
I think the difference really is that you didn't quit because it was hard...you quit because you listened to your body telling you it wasn't well. That's wise. Had you been determined to push through and ignore what your body was telling you, things may have turned out for the worse and you may have been calling for rescue.
Bravo!
That's what happens to your body when you only eat artificial vegan garbage.
❤❤❤
Booya,  welcome to another step to personal growth.  I am glad you gave it a go but even prouder when you knew it was beyond what you could achieve in the time you allowed.  Personally I would 1. not going back for your camera  2. Take your oats u usually have for breakfast.  U can do a again if you want but 50km is a massive target for 1 day. Be proud of yourself I'm proud of you x
Of course it would have been wonderful to you, making the trail. But I think it was more important, got knowing your limits. Perhaps there will be a next times trial..? And then with no cam, for what you have to go double ways, just picking it up? Who knows... And you are right: Quitting does not make you a looser! Loosing you health or even your life 'cause not beeing able to quit when it's necessary makes you a looser! This is an elementary point of knowledge on the road that leads one to one self. Thank you for beeing with you on this awesome experience, in that awesome environment! 👍🏼
bologna
high altitude sickness, seen it , taught it for high altitude rescue classes, but i have tried to climb Mt Whitney about 11 times  (never made it to the top ), i have been turned back by blizzards, black ice, 80 mile an hour wind, and many other things, never made it to the top.  I once spent 11 days and nights on Mt Rainer, never made it to the top.  Common sense in life is hard to find.
Ewa, bardzo dziękuję za ten film... jest to jeden z najlepszych filmów motywacyjnych jakie kiedykolwiek widziałam. <3 :-)
This never looked for me like you were quitting but more that you were listening to you and your body. I was quite shocked when you started saying the word « quitting ». Love this story. So authetic. It reminds me of some of your older stories like the biking one.
I'm glad you listened to your body and made the right decision, winning is knowing your limits and choosing well for yourself.
There's a fine line of knowing when to quit. Sometimes "quitting" is actually the best decision. Thank you for opening up and keeping it real with your audience.
It's the first time I've commented on your videos and I've been following you for a long time. I think this trip is making you grow and be better every day. Each person is different and the knowledge we acquire needs to be adapted to us, our goals, and our situation. Now you are more alive and real than ever.
I have watched and supported this trip.. until today 😢 Trail running is such a disaster for some many reasons, particularly with high elevation and sensitive areas, so I’m glad that the elevation bug got you early.. just think if it would have hit you on the second day when you are even more remote.  I really enjoy your channel, but I think you should really take a moment and reflect… I would hate for this reflection to feel like a challenge for others to attempt to trail run the wonderland trail.  It’s set as a week long hike for a myriad of reasons -and even then, it’s brutal.
These navy seals guys are in the situations where they literally can't quit like during the wars as its life or death. If you are volunteering to do challenges it's absolutely fine to quit as life should be all about joy and pleasure!
Difference between quitting because of illness and quitting just to quit, I live in Arizona and I can’t tell you how many people from other states travel here not understanding you can’t just drink water on the trails when it’s hot you will literally sweat more than you can drink and you will fill your stomach with water and still be dehydrated you need Tons of electrolytes with your water which is why most use a camelbak not just a small water bottle and most hydrate for hours before exercise to, Which is why so many have died and why so many here in AZ have to be rescued.
You climbed, hiked and ran-climbed-hiked 70km on a mountainous wilderness trail in two days. ....with (probably) altitude sickness a good bit of the way. Totally nothing to hang your head over. Listening to your body instead of succumbing to the pride in one's misguided mind = a total win...
Sounds like you bonked, which can make you feel ill.  You burned up all your glycogen.  Jogging with a heavy pack increases the intensity of the effort and the body responds by burning a higher carb to fat ratio, burning up all your glycogen.
They say there is alot of serial killers in mountains but you survived hmm 🤔 are you serial killer  Eva ?
Hunters will be the first to tell people who normally don’t run with a heavy back pack that you need to build up to it, I have friends shocked when i told them just try doing 1 mile with an extra 10-20 pounds and they can’t believe how tiring it can be let alone bringing 30-50 pounds than hiking out with an animal and having to do multiple trips
Quitting is when you could have gone on but didn't. This was not quitting. This was Winning because your life may have become endangered. Good on ya for making the Winning decision.
In the 1973 war, the most elite unit in the I.D.F was sent to rescue a downed piolt. When they got to the place, they saw a few hunderds of egyptian soldiers. The chief radioed in and said thay are not doing it. Useing ur head is what you need in situations like those rather than caring about losing face. Chirs, ur channal is wonderfull.
LOL. Didn’t take long to blame navy seals and toxic masculinity, eh?
You made the right decision. You are awesome!
why are you always crying
Thk u for running for me.  I'm a hippie van looking out kind of person mostly, lol. I do enjoy ur outdoor walking/jogging journey.
This is the same trail that the Crawford family used to hike years ago when their eldest children were small. They then hiked the entire AT together a few years back when their youngest was only like 2 years old. They had to carry him the whole way. Amazing family.
You made the correcrt and right decsion. The only thing i could think of doing better is walking back, even if it would've taken you 2 day. Chirs, love your vid.❤️
You are my hero!
Welcome to 30 girlfriend.... haha :) I can barely do a 10 mile hike slowly... You rock!
You didn't quit, you turned around before it was too late... This could have ended really badly if you haven't turned around when you did, as someone who works in ems in Norway I was really proud of you when you made the decision to turn around!
You did the right thing… as you said there is quite a difference between being in an organized event and being out on your own. Knowing your limits is very important, respecting those limits even more so!
Ya got to listen to your body and know your limitations, you did the right thing and no shame in that, now go to Bali  lay in the sun get a massage and relax.
The value of your choices to fellow travelers goes beyond the highest estimates. Not only will it save lives, it is a very realistic testimony that the adventures humans seek must be tempered with being attentive to the intuitive nature of our consciousness, permitting the respect of the human body to communicate when we go beyond the rule set of the physical world. Knowing what you’ve shared so far, of your incredible courage and fortitude, the courage it took for you to acknowledge the wisdom to display compassion to your avatar, is an amazing lesson to any impossible dreamer for continued experiential knowledge. My view, is that you record this episode as another of your grandest successful accomplishments in the never ending story...
If you aren't feeling well, it's time go home and recharge especially when doing a strenuous activity in the wilderness. Live to fight another day. I'm an older slower runner and trail runner. 👣
Lütfen Türkçe altyazi da ilave ediniz
Altitude will lower your normal performance because of the rarity of air.
It's great that you listened to your body.  I did the same thing when I was only one mile from the summit of Guadalupe Peak (highest point in TX).  I turned around and felt so ashamed but you know what?  I had seen amazing things up until that point.  I rested at a view point that was magnificent, and seven months later, the mountain was still there and I made it to the top.
That mountain is related to the popularization of UFOs.
congratulation, to stop and return was beyond any doubt the best and possibly the only reasonable way to stay healthy and the same time you enhanced your personality to a higher level.
Why is the subtitles in Arabic? I catch 80% only without reading the (English) subtitles.
People who don't allow themselves to turn around die. You showed a new level of self-awareness and maturity. Congrats!!!
lmao...clickbaits most of the time.
Proud of you for listening to your body & doing what was best for YOU.
You have real fortitude kid.
it's the recording that makes you tired 😖
Eat more meat Eva. It would help you.
What I find truly inspiring is the fact that I look down from this comment and I see nothing but the most wonderful support. This is truly inspiring. And ill just keep mine sweet and short. Even though you lost the fight on that trail. It looks like there is no war you can lose with support like this all around you! What a wonderful surprise to see on youtube! And thanks for sharing. You give many people hope and show them its ok to know your limits! And for everyone in the comments... Yall type too much ;) lol jk <3
Anyway it's a good lemonade from a lemon of failure!
❤❤❤❤
My dad always says it's better to become an old mountaineer than a good one. I'm glad you turned back, it seems like you could have put yourself in some serious danger it you hadn't
You do what you want to do, enjoy each and every movement of life pls don't stress your self health is wealth
There's no doubt you're capable of completing that trek. But you became ill for a reason... so you can return back safe and sound. Consider your feeling physically ill a blessing in disguise. 🙏
2:07 Sasquatch armpit hair
Hai Eva, I respect you, stay the powerwoman you are and ...listen to your body!!
Think of it as failing forward.  You’ve placed the authors of the books you mentioned on a pedestal.  If you had the chance to talk with them individually, they would most certainly acknowledge they’ve failed along the way.  But in the context of selling motivational books, failure isn’t an option.  I just completed my military career, regardless of what capacity you served, Navy Seal or Army Cook, at some point along the way, they failed forward too.  Here is an idea during your recovery time and break from running.  Lighten the mood, embrace some of life’s “errors”.  I sure you have countless hours of video from your journey, make a blooper video.  Might be fun and therapeutic.  Good luck!  Wife and love the series, and German Shepherds
The thumbnail title was effective. Nice.
you should get your heart checked. just a suggestion
Eva, keep strong, you are right in all you say....quitting can release you!
As certified in Widerness First Aid and volunteer for my local search and rescue team, I'm learning that people go missing and never come back for less than what you were going through.  The urge to win should not have control over our choices in life. You made good decisions out there. Spread the word. Come back alive.
How much extra distance did you add on this trip by having to set up the camera?  10,15 more miles.
there is a life lesson and value for what you had showed to us.There is no shame in quitting when it is needs to be
Good for you Eva I’m glad you’re safe and you look well. Wonder what you had going on but I’m glad you had the sense to turn back and not get into serious trouble. Take care and be safe out there. Glad your little boy is back with you.
Eva you might have to put on a few pounds and then carbo-load before you do these runs boo. You sure are in a beautiful spot that is so pretty out there. I was so happy for you when you made it back to your nice hot bath and cozy bed. Great video 🎉😊.
This was actually needed by many of us. Thanks indeed for making this kinda video.. U r Lit and you'll always be🙌
hejka naklejka, żadna z Ciebie quitterka, odwaga żeby doświadczać tego co Ty doświadczasz to coś czego chyba nigdy nie ogarnę, choć bardzo bym chciał.
Really interesting vid!!
Eva i was sure that you will never quit but it is what it is. Make another video then you feel better.
have you tried cold baths?
I used to work at Mt Rainier,  its so beautiful,  stop and smell the roses 🌹 breath in the thin air.  Running can be a addictive and bad for yourself,  to much of it.   What ghost are u running from?  Watch some Randall Carlson on utube study the wonderful landscape.   I've watched u since the pandemic.    I have great admiration for u.   I know you're young. One day u will wish u paid more attention to the world around you and I believe you do now you're amazing 👏
Wonderful 😊🤗
Thank you so much for all your video's!! They inspire me a lot, especially as a solo female traveler. Love your rawness, honesty and truly wonderful (filmed) videos. 🌸
Dear Eva, this is the very first time i have been worried about you! you did not seem well actually and i really wanted to fly up there to get you. Listening what your body tells you no matter what is the best thing you have done! dongratulations for all your honesty love you
This is why you are worth subscribing to and being a patreon supporter.
Bring your wallet never know there's a restaurant nearby.. like McDonald's... Hehe
Toxic masculinity is only for men..not for women...for women is kitchen and Netflix aca "toxic femininity"...
Making hard decisions in the face of adversity is not a show of weakness, it is a sign of strength!
Gratulacje!! You made 95-100km in challenging terrain, it is an achievement! I'm really glad you came back safely. From own experience, when you feel something is not right, you have to quit/adjust plan accordingly. Especially in your case, with limited food and lack of options in case of any problems. Jeszcze raz, gratulacje!!!
20:31 did you feel someone was there in the trees? Do these late night camps scare you? Even when you are in your camper, have you ever felt someone was watching you or you were being followed?
Jedyna mozliwa decyzja.  Rozsądna z Ciebie dziewczynka... Pozdrawiam.
Most people would not even attempt what you have attempted. Being handicapped I couldn’t do it. Having tried doesn’t make you a quitter. You are better for having tried.
I’m really glad you turned back, you Looked very unwell. You’re still amazing.
I really dont know why you consider this "giving up" as you've referenced it in the video several times. You listened to your body and there was obviously something brooding, maybe the flu or something else. You did not "give up"! Pulling through would've been reckless and unnecessarily dangerous. You did the right thing and I hope the "never-quitters" (as I call myself too sometimes) take you as a example. I'm sure I will!
Where's the doggo?
Chapter 6 in Eva Zubek’s book - Learning When to Successfully Quit. I’ll read a REAL book on experiences before a fake one any day. It is wise to create decision points along a journey. You made the right decision and I think all of your fans agree with it. I am in the same boat as you were in this situation pretty much every day of my life. I am getting better and better with being ok with the sound decisions I make. Thank you for sharing. I don’t think you realize how much this video helped myself and many others. Peace.
Sometimes it's good to take some good decisions. Brave EVA
Just do what you like .... nobody is going to judge you.... take care ..✌🏼
I love this video.  Everyone wants to play the game but no one likes to loose.  But you learn the most valuable lessons when you loose.  I am so proud of you.
Outstanding! Your spirit is worth a grade AAA. Sure wish I could have been with you just to carry your camera.
This video hopefully will make a difference to many people... you analysed your situation and made a wise decision, with no shame attached... we need more real-life videos like this which are more than just entertainment but carry with them strategic life lessons.  Thank you for sharing this.  It was a brave and correct decision.
Thank you for sharing this with us. It's a wonderful reminder that we need to listen to ourselves, our minds and bodies. Hope you're feeling better.
Never wait for the mountain to tell you to stop, you have to make that decision for yourself. Please can you publish your kit list and the weight of your kit. I’ve been there on the start of a multi day hike, when you go through your bag and dump what you don’t need.
Come on! 👏👏 thanks for sharing, this is so good ❤
You completely did the right thing Eva. You truly won because you were able to find the line between wisdom to stop and turn around rather than the ego to keep going on despite knowing it could risk your life. Well done to you!
Sometimes it ok to quit and turn back. Being successful doesn't mean there are not setbacks. It is about knowing when to turn back when things didn't turn out as expected. The trail is always there for you to conquer when you are well again. Glad you made the right choice! 💪
Thanks so much for tagging us along with ur adventures. Glad ur ok. Life is a marathon and not a sprint. it does not matter how fast u finished the race. whats important is u finished it no matter how long it takes. slowly but surely is mostly the way to go. come back strong next time.
I am a veteran of the British army and in my time in the army the training and operational side was to keep going no matter what, and you did because others were in the same boat all pushing each other through no matter whether we were cold or wet. I now run a charity helping veterans who suffer from PTSD and when we started the charity we used to do long distance walking challenges and we have walked 13,500 miles across the UK. Now when I started doing this it was with the same attitude that the army had instilled in me of keep going but then as I started to learn about myself and those that we were helping it became more about the experience and enjoying where we were, who with and why. The best decision I ever made on one of our long distance walks was when we were walking 1400 miles from Dover in the South of England to Cape Wrath in the NW of Scotland. We had been batted by rain for much of the walk until we reach Loch Lomond near Glasgow and we were hit with torrential rain and high winds. Our sleeping bags were wet as were our tents, I had to battle myself just like you did on this video on what decision I should make and then it came to me. Why was I doing it, who was it for and why? It wasn't about me, it was about those we help trying to get them to think positively about themselves and giving them a positive experience, by carrying on it would have had the opposite effect and once I had made that decision, the only real decision that had to be made, it changed my life and how I now see things, this doesn't mean I quit easily, it means that sometimes you have to make the bigger decision, this is exactly what you did and your video will help others to make the right positive decision, well done.
Hi Eva, wow what a great video! You did yourself right by turning back! Your definitely not a QUITTER!  You want further than many others would have! You should be very proud of your accomplishment! You did great! If you hadn't listened to your body when you did and developing some symptoms of mountain climbers illness you could have put yourself in grave danger! Turning back was the wisest choice you made! You've climbed mountains and know the dangers, therefore I feel you did your body good by listening to it! I'm proud of what you did,and accomplished. Your an inspiration to many who would never even try what you did! I'm disabled now,but used to love to hike up and through mountain paths,camping along the way! Love from Teresa in Alberta Canada!
Im so proud of you Eva 👏🏼
Next time you're in such a remote environment or anywhere else and feeling sick of any sort, just help yourself by plucking as much green leaves as you can find around you and chew on them. You may also use whatever things you have around/on you to smash them into a kind of paste and try as much to get the green liquid out of them and drink up like you do your tea or coffee. You'd be amazed how quickly you would be re-energized and your immune system improved to carry on, as there are obviously no better healing herbs than those. Goodluck Beck.👍🏻👍🏻💕
In my opinion, you didn`t quit. For me quitting would mean, sitting at home and waiting for an adventure. You went out there, and you hiked so far in one day! The views were amazing. No, you are not a quitter, just smart enough to set new goals, if the first one is out of reach.
Oh my gosh, you're such a trooper, I really look up to you and I'm so glad you turned back around, your safety is the most important and I'm so relieved you're safe and okay. Sorry the trip didn't go as planned but adventures like this really prove that you are amazingly strong and disciplined and you look out for yourself the best. You are the furthest person from a quitter that I know and I really hope to be as strong as you. Sending love and support and pats on the back and a ticket to the best massage ever -> (ticket <3). Have a great day, you are amazing and you are doing great. Slay queen.
Not being able to enjoy the nature and just pushing to finish doesn't really seem like much of a reward. The moment you fail, you get off the race and you feel blissful.
I think part of being an athlete is being in sync with your body and listening to it when it tells you its limits. I actually regret pushing myself to reach a summit one time. I screwed up my knee forever. And I had to be carried the last 200 meters down. It was ridiculous. Personal growth is a better goal to reach than running around this mountain. Lots of respect to you.
You didn't quit... you just made the right decision. A decision that changed your perspective about yourself and about life. Thanks for sharing this precious moment of your journey.🤍
You quit on yourself, your family, and your YouTube followers
Altitude sickness. And it was not quitting, it was a learning experience. You have taught many people a lesson in life. Listen to your body more than your mind. The way our bodies react to conditions is a self preservation mechanism. Glad you are here safe and well to conquer many more challenges in life. Good luck. 🙂
You done the right thing
Good to see that you followed No. 8 of the Norwegian "Mountain Code" for those who want to survive: 1. Plan your trip and inform others about the route you have selected. 2. Adapt the planned routes according to ability and conditions 3. Pay attention to the weather and the avalanche warnings. 4. Be prepared for bad weather and frost, even on short trips. 5. Bring the necessary equipment so you can help yourself and others 6. Choose safe routes. Recognize avalanche terrain and unsafe ice. 7. Use a map and a compass. Always know where you are. 8. Don’t be ashamed to turn around. 9. Conserve your energy and seek shelter if necessary.
Eva, first of all, thank you for being vulnerable and sharing this with us. You are such a brave and kind and beautiful soul, and watching your adventures in some ways makes me feel like I'm on the journey with you, so thank you so much. Also, if I may share one thing that struck me as you were speaking through timestamp 28:18 - it reminded me of a bible passage that has been a guiding verse for many, including me - "Whether you turn to the right or to the left, your ears will hear a voice behind you, saying, “This is the way; walk in it.” - Isaiah 30:21. And it talks about listening for God's voice. I have gathered from your videos that you don't hold to any particular religion, and this isn't me coming at you from a religion perspective, but my faith in Jesus and building my life around His love, is what helps me in my darkest moments and life has never been the same for me. If you ever feel alone, or hopeless, just a reminder that God already loves you and even now if you ever need a helping hand, all you need do is invite Jesus into your heart, and He promises never to leave nor forsake you.  Also, can I just say that a huge kudos to you doing the walk that you did feeling as you were. I'm sure giving up / walking back was probably the harder decision for you to make, but you making that decision and just how you demonstrate maturity in action gives me hope that any super young / vulnerable person who comes across your videos will learn how to pull back, and not just chase the 'win' when it comes to a point of assessing risk - well done!
Thank you for sharing this story 😊😇
E, that the voice telling you don't? Can't it be trusted?
There is a fine line between bravery and stupidity. Or some such. It is better to listen to your body and turn around, than go on and risk life and limb.  Yes look you may feel bad about it,  and I have been there and hated myself doing so.  But the wiser me realises that I made the right decision…
I guess you forgot the higher the elevation the less oxygen there is. You probably had oxygen deprivation. I have been to high places and it is really hard.
How many extra miles do you figure you added by creating those "watch me go past the camera"? I'm guessing at least 2...  How much hip support did your backpack give? Did it balance the load on your shoulders/hips enough? It looked like it may not have been enough for that grueling march. I'm proud of your determination. I wouldn't have made it much more than 8 miles; that's about what I did at your age!
Your quitting is a big punch to the ego and self-image, for me, it is better than you making it because now you reached more distance, not in the outside world but in your inner world, which is more important. You are great 🌺
If I had to walk through hell, Eva would be one of the first people I would beg to go with me. One of the toughest people. She has willpower that is rarely seen. Even the greatest of us must turn around sometimes.
I think that voice at the beginning was a big flag in my head! I wouldn't even have thought of you as a quitter if you stayed in at that time, what a wonderful environment who wouldn't wanna stay cozy inside. Next time remind yourself the voice sometimes is a strong gut feeling telling you something. You did the right thing to stop, much later I even think anyone would. There will be a next time, in this or maybe another life. Who knows ❤  What a growth, glad a lot of people are finding themselves have battled this battle as well before. These are one of those important moments. Also congratulations on being more real, this is reality.  Every morning there are mountains to climb. Taking all my time. Oh, when I get up, this is what I see. Welcome to reality - Grimes
Well done for making right choice by putting your well beeing, before your EGO. 👏 It is sign of maturity. On that note you could start thinking about rethinking your vegan diet. The older you get, the more often your body is going to send signals that it has been deprived of essential nutrients. Your bones are going to be first to speak to you. Any diet that needs to be supplemented is not good for you, nor for the environment. Big Pharma with MSM in control of spreading info support lifestyle of vegan diet, vegan leather, vegan... in order to sell you man made toxic product and shame people to use byproduct of agricultural industry. The industry that made us survive for centuries and centuries. Meat, eggs, milk should be indulged in limited quantities, as any healthy diet advise, and veggies, beans, fruits and grains are the base of healthy diets, but they are not ALL. They are not enough if you have to pop to the nearest drugstore/supermarket to buy expensive box of vitamins and minerals, instead eating them, to sustain your "healthy" lifestyle. In my humble opinion, you are way too smart, too educated, raised in the respectable culture, well informed not to understand these facts.  Quiting is hard, but not impossible, isn't it!?!? 🥇🏆💖
It would've been great if we could turn back in life, in time, to the starting point like this once we realise we made the wrong life choices...
You didnt actually Quit Eva. You decided to fall back and regroup as a self preservation decision. It was the correct and wise decision. Your journey continues, just in another direction. Keep it up, you are doing well!! :)
Better to live and be able to try again, plus a lesson learned through failure is an accomplishment in itself.
Why do you feel like you always have to move around? Do you have to keep yourself moving for your mental health?
You look so a lot like Bjork
Thank you for sharing 😊 Say 'Olá' (portuguse for Hi) for to Vilk when you get back together, he looks to be a wonderful puppy. And yes, quitting does not make anyone a loser, when it is the wisest possible move, and your health is at stake. You got me worried when I saw the video, but you did good 👍 Ultra-racing?!....Come on, isn't that a bit to much to make a point?... Just kidding 😄
Eva I love your videos and sometimes as we get older or sick, its time to relax at times and rejuvenate.Thank you !
How large and heavy was your packpack?
This is why i love ur page so real and how humans feels
Technically not quitting, it's being smart about the situation at hand rather than putting yourself in a more dangerous position. I hope that makes sense.
❤️❤️❤️
Sometimes we just have to listen to our bodies needs, we all own this wonderful machine that is constantly healing and wanting the best for us, just at certain times we need to be strong enough to listen and give our bodies the best we can possibly give to help its process of healing along our journey. You definately made the right decision and listened. 🙂
sorry to hear Eva. I wouldn't say you quit, you just listened to your body and your body said not today.
Eva you still my hero.
Dystans Ultra jest dla ultrsów. Do tego trzeba naprawdę się przygotować. Szacunek że podjęłaś wyzwanie - sam podjąłem parę takich wyzwań - Łemko 70 km , Magurski 63 km  i finalnie Rzeźnik 83 km . Wiem ile mnie to kosztowało i wiem że już tego nie zrobię - z prostej przyczyny . Samo przebiegnięcie takiego dystansu daje satysfakcję - ale sieje spustoszenie w organiźmie osoby która robi to amatorsko - wyłącza z kolejnych startów. Potem pojawiają się kontuzję, awersja do biegania a nawet to minimalnej aktywności.  Nie schodziłem z trasy choć miałem  możliwość aby to zrobić. Przejdź na krótkie dystanse 20/30 km i miej z nich satysfakcję. Na ultra masz jeszcze czas :) Powodzenia.
hats off to you for challenging yourself to such an adventurous hike. but the end was not good. your turning back was not a good idea. you should stay for a bit long time but should finish the challenge. anyhow have a great time and be safe❤❤❤
Actually what caught me the most was what you were saying in the end about that culture of "quitters are losers". This absolute toxic positivity is what's making people mentally sick these days. There's no such thing as being a loser at all - as long as you enjoy the ride that life is, you are going to be a winner. You went for doing this trail, it didn't work out - so what? You've made it down safe and that's all that's important. It doesn't help finishing a hike / run feeling absolutely terrible and setting yourself to a risk absolutely unneccesary. Congrats on knowing what's best for your body and on realising that actually it doesn't always need to be higher, better, longer.
being vulnerable is not possible without courage. you were strong and wise. thank you for sharing.
I'm glad you turned around instead of pushing yourself into a perilous situation.  I often worry about you being unsupported with no one knowing where your at or what your doing sometimes ... I think you should have someone that you keep in touch with several times daily if your doing something difficult like that so they can send help just in case ... that way people will be looking for you if you become sick or injured during one of those extreme sports. Don't worry about quiting your health is more important than your pride  ... we recently learned earlier tonight that one of our co-workers who just retired died on a Bicycle ride ... he was going to do a 50 mile ride but started having a burning senstation in his chest at mile 20 and so decided to turn around  ...  He didn't make it back ... he should have have quit right there and called for medical aid instead of trying to ride back ...   I don't want to see your last video ... until you get on here one day and say ... ( this is my last video, I'm hanging it up for the next installment of my life ) ... that will be fine ... 🙂   I don't want your vlog to just end somewhere with everyone waiting on the next one that never comes ... You've got to put your security and safety first ...
Either quitting or not quitting, you are still the best human being i known. It can be from the water, or your stamina. It was your instinct who served you the best. You need to remind yourself that you're doing it solo.  Listen to your instinct. Always love your video.
I’ve never been more inspired, watching someone quit. Great video … 👍🏻
You're real deal Eva. Stay strong sis!
Imagine the brave men and women that trekked across this nation with no idea at all what to expect other than what experience had taught them.  But that was more a matter of surviving for them, not some personal goal.    It was wise to turn back.  Facing death just for the sake of personal achievement is foolish, not brave.  If you’re going to face death do it for something far more valuable than ego.
No Mountain Lion's, Coyotes, Wolves or Moose's out there ? 🤷Hum 🤔🤔🤔
"can not speak" - so funny!  After watching this video I'm pretty certain that there's a cheese deficiency. Plenty of whine...
Eva...You are not alone anymore. There are 421k people watching your stuff. We are all with you ☺️
Altitude sickness?
Welcome to the wonderful grown up world of common freakin sense. I am glad you made the decision to come back down as you could have had real problems for sure. Your body was telling you this was not the time to be doing that kind of physical activity. I know a lot of people have different views on this but your body is NOT meant to be grass fed. There is a HUGE separation between healthy eating and blindly following others. Veganism and extreme sports do NOT mix well. You need to build up proteins and Carbs in your body. Straight up girlfriend eat a burger.. the human anatomy since the dawn of its existence needs a balanced diet. NOT rabbit food. Between the lack of proper diet for that type activity and the much thinner air with such quick and drastic altitude changes made your body literally start to eat itself to keep up basic bodily functions. You know things like breathing...  I get the not wanting to quit thing but the next time you plan on doing something on this level train properly not using internet science kiddo...  Even if you did not complete your task you put thought into how to attack the mountain, you paced yourself with set time and distance goals. I think you did not complete the goal simply because you were not physically prepared with a proper build up of food and energy stores extreme athletes need. Rethink your pre race routines specially in the eating prep and set another lofty goal and try that with better preparation.  I am really impressed you got as far as you did in that environment  after watching your life style. That was not the "easy" road to follow so well done on what you did accomplish.
Hi Eva you probably don't read my comment, however, I fell exactly the same , (you have to do something but no but yes and so on), nature calls. Never give up❤ PS. You're star sing must be Aries
You've been reading too much 'toxic positivity' - Each one of YOUR subscribers are as impressed as always. Some things are just too much of an ass in life. Your safety has to come first because you're alone.
You made the right choice to turn back around.  You did not have sufficient supplies to continue at the rate you were moving.  You didn't have the strength to continue.  Even if you tried to take an extra day and slow down, you didn't have enough food for that extra day.
In the wilderness there are two components to success.........knowing when to continue and knowing when not to..........the difference, possibly, between life and death, you made the right call. CARRY ON!
Just glad the girl has footwear this time.
I agree with the people saying this was probably the early stage of altitude sickness. You can try to stay on the same altitude and give your body time to adjust but it's always better to go down to a lower one. Since most of the trail you did was uphill going back is downhill. Running solo and having to stay in a time frame (3 days) pushing on would actually be seriously life threatening. With altitude sickness getting worse you also lose rational thinking and that's how people make wrong decisions and die. When you realize that you have bitten off more than you can chew it's all about rationality vs ego. In too many cases ego is the killer so this is actually an important message to the outdoor people.
Knowing to quit when its right to quit is important especially if you know cant go on... You did absolutely right thing to quit when you felt you were ill... Besides you can always complete it at somewhere time...
Good for you, what you did showed that you have grown and exercised "WISDOM" in this situation.  To continue would have been foolish.  Kindness and gentleness towards oneself is sometimes the hardest thing to learn how to do but it is vital!!!
Back pack straps hurt after a long trip on the shoulders good for u for doing that  I did my first solo 75 km treck in oct and on the west coast trail north of the boarder it’s the old escape route for if u got ship wrecked on the west coast of Vancouver island and it was a lot and u had that full trip  too go ahead of u I’ve never been overnight backpacking before or even long distance hiking it’s a lot too deal With when u are all alone and those thoughts happen too anyone belive me there is no one too save u out there but u and good for u for doing it and Going as far as u did
Im proud of you listening to your body and turning back instead of pushing on. Because it could of turned into a more serious issue causing it to become a life and death situation.  I feel the same way sometimes about quitting (because like you I'm a perfectionist) and even asking for help from others. But I know now that I can't do it all by myself and not push my body harder than it can go and do.  Thank you for posting and sharing this video.
You should list where to get the water purifier your using?
You should get a body strap for your camera
Eva, great respect to you for sharing. What I am about to say is from what I learned as a young man who pushed myself into solo adventure in frigid mountain environments where defeat and tragedy was often one step away. What I see , beyond your physical pain, is the expression of unresolved, perhaps past traumatic experiences the catalyst for which was the endurance run which appeared to bring release and opportunity for growth and transformation. I look forward to your unfolding story of rich experiences and enduring happiness, prosperity and contentment.  🙏❤
That was amazing to watch! thank you for sharing.
Sheesh! You're trying to jog a MARATHON while rapidly going up in elevation! Are you trying to put yourself in the hospital?! I hiked a 3000ft vertical elevation in just 3.5 miles and that almost killed me. You're jogging up 3000 feet and MORE extreme inclines in similar distances along that trail several times over.
You’re are such a amazing and inspiring human.  You’re not a quitter, you used your head to make a important decision!! Your heart wanted to go, but you absolutely looked like to felt really bad.  I know puppers is good and safe.
U have taken a wise decision to turn back
You have to go after your heart ❤️ and no one else's. You accomplished things people never could venture into! I only wish that some of you could rub off on me!😊👍
Hey don't think that quiting is done by looser. U are brave person who travelled stayed all night all alone, which is very scary even to think of. U are great awesome person I have ever seen.
No shame in stopping at all. The wonderland is harsh and many people plan for months to hike it. They stage food at stations so they don’t carry it. Better to stop than get yourself into a situation.
Thanks for sharing this valuable video.  I'm so relieved you were wise enough to take care yourself when you really needed to.  What a great role model you are.
Hi Eva, I am new to following your channel. You are NOT a quiter and thouse books and thought process of never quiting is still in you but now its tempered with your knoledge of knowing what is the best thing to do when your not feeling up to the challenge. You can not venture in to the unknown and expect to win or succeed every time. Succeeding is actually surviving and learning what changes you need focus on to complete the task another day! When and if you are ever in a dire situation where quiting is not an option I am sure you will survive because of your determination and unwillingness to give up when it really counts! Hopefully your followers realize just what it takes for you to do what you do and realize how much extra effort it takes for you to continually backtrack to set up your camera and then retrive it not to menchon the bending over or squating down to place or pick up the camera with the weight of your back-pack on. I am not even sure that you with all your experance actually realized the added toll it would take on your body. You have a much better idea now and will be much better equipped if and when you decide to take on that challenge again. You have my upmost respect.
"The average time taken to complete the entire trip is 10 to 14 days. The trail goes over many ridges of Mount Rainier for a cumulative 22,000 feet of elevation gain (estimated 45,000 feet of cumulative up and down).  An estimated 200 to 250 people a year complete the entire trail with several thousand others doing shorter sections of it."
I really enjoyed and related to your story. You know you made the right choice and possibly for some other future person that might  find themselves in a similar situation.
Come back to montana
Eva you did the right thing, you have to listen to what your body and mind are telling you, Your body is not used to be exercising at that elevation. thanks for sharing this with us, I enjoy watching all your videos and following your travel adventure.
I watch you because you don't quit.
Agreed with so many people praising you AGREEEDDD. But what makes me amazed was the video taping when you're so so tired.
Keep it up. Next time u can try. All the best and take care.
Excellent video.  Very useful life lesson.  Thanks for sharing.
Eva, I'm proud of you!❤
Eva, I am sorry to say this but you really ill prepare yourself for this one. All you needed to do was to give yourself 24 hours more and that extra food (which you thought was too heavy) and you would have nailed it.    Also you were not adequately prepared for a mountain hike like this... This is why you never, never, never skimp on food. You must always take into account (when hiking alone)  to always have some sort of backup .. what would have happened if the weather changed, you injured yourself or some other calamity. At least you are prepared.       Regardless of how fit you are. Any experienced hiker would tell you this.  Yet, Admiration for giving it a go, but you have learned the hard way.  You did not prepare well enough.    I reckon you should do it again.  And the sense of achievement will be unreal.
With respect... Awsome... I don't know how you have done what you have done.. Be proud very proud...intelligence is to know when to hold back and smile and say to yourself... What did I learn?
Sorry but I don’t watch click bait.
I love your courage and perseverance. I wish I had 1/2 of your energy and good knees.
Great video eva Sometimes quiting is the best and refreshing way regardless outcome i salute you. 🙏❤❤
Definitely your best episode so far. The most real I have seen you, without being over-dramatic. Thanks for having the courage to publish this episode, and for attempting what for me would be an impossible feat (seems like you did more than 1/2 of the planned distance).
Prepare better before your next attempt. You know what you need to do to succeed now.
To succeed, you have to work through your struggles.  Your struggles are private, It is you and the element. Do what you need to do to succeed, We should not have to listen to everything.
OMG! Today I did 9 miles with a thousand foot gain, which took everything I had. You go, girl! Your bar is high, you should be proud of yourself.
Watch a lion or cheetah...they try for one hundred meter ..then quit ...one out of ten attempts are successful
Hi, Eva. Congrats on making an intelligent decision. Jarhead Mark gave you the best advice: "It is not quitting if your life is in danger". Remember that advice, it's precious. Secondly, even if that was not the case, why would it be such a big deal not being able to go all the way? There are many more essential things in life.
You did correct...That is your strength to make the right decision 👏
I was beginning to think you were crazy, BUT luckily it turns out you weren't. Treat you body nicely, its your only one!
My favourite vlog from you; glad you made the right decision and with grace. Lot to learn for me as an athlete
Eva, you did exactly what you needed to do. I have lived in and hiked Washington State trails for decades, and can tell you that many folks have made bad decisions in these mountains, and not lived to tell the tale. As for Seal training, or other military training that is similar, it is specific to a defined mission - combat readiness. In that context quitting can be fatal. Since I didn't see any combatants on your trail, that level of training and mind set isn't really necessary. That said, you did receive the training necessary for your survival - you gained the savvy and will power to make the right decision for you, and in the end learned that you are not weak, but stronger for it! One final thought, running thru these mountains allows you to cover great distances, but you loose the awareness of the beauty you're running thru, and beautiful it is.....
You did the smart thing. Turning around may have saved your own life and prevented others from risking theirs when/if they had to come out to find you. Something that has always stuck with me is that nobody really cares if I finish a race/event/anything except me…so it’s up to me to make choices.
Sometimes the right choices are the hardest to make. Happy you are safe and sound.
Read some books on Game Theory. Into Thin Air is one good example, the movie or the book.   There is a point of irrevocable decision, in every aspect of life. It can be more subtle in career - but in extreme sports & survival situations, there is often a moment where you can commit or bail - but once you commit, there is a point where you've come too far to turn back and the only choice is to forge forward and hope. Making a mistake here can be fatal, and a "never quit" mentality that gets you dead isn't a *smart* strategy or the strategy of a winner. There is a point where you have to carefully assess the risks and decide if you SHOULD turn back and if you CAN. It is always better to find out that you should and you CAN, than you should but you cannot.
Eva, I am an experienced couch to 5k runner (certified to week two), and I can say you did absolutely the right thing there. In week two they say: listen to your body, which I always do, and just like you I felt like my legs could keep going, but the rest of my body was like f*+k this sh*+t. To be honest, also like you, initial self-hate and introspection specially because I always seem to go back the corner shop trail, but alas, tears fade in the bath. Always a different person left behind, more mature, suspicious about the word quitter and ready for the next adventure!
I remember going for a hike one day and i was really excited to get out and crush some miles. Not even a mile in, I came upon a rattlesnake warning me to back off. I looked at him. It rattled at me and i looked around the cholla strewn desert and a voice inside my head said “theres probably another.” I turned around and went back from whence i came. Im glad you turned around when you didn’t feel right. What you accomplished in those two days is still a win. Inspiring!
You are so inspiring 😭
Girl your solid 💪🏻👍🏼😎your awesome your sooooo strong good work great video 😘🌷🌹🌺💐
That voice telling you to carry on ... was the devil..! The first virtue is being able to recognise your limitations, it is only then that divinity turns up with the magic sword or say .... a 5 k car lift. Had you carried on you would have either died or have to rescued by helicopter. Well Done...!
Ummm navy seals do this for a purpose. To accomplish An actual mission. They don’t do this to prove to themselves anything
Eva you are an incredible woman! It takes a lot of courage to admit when it’s time to stop.  You made the right choice.  The mountain isn’t going anywhere.  You accomplished quite a bit in two days time.  Be proud besides it’s not about achieving that end goal of finishing….. it’s the journey and lessons you learn along the way.  Sounds like success to me 💋 Great job killer…😂🥰
Love from your home Pakistan Eva ❤️🇵🇰
I'm nobody. But I have So much respect for you young Lady! Just saying.
cry baby 😁
Eva - You did the right thing in turning back, and showed immense courage in choosing the best option available to you given your condition at the camp on day 1. Kudos to you, and hope people learn the lesson that quitting does not mean losing, just another decision taken at the right time to not punish oneself. Bravo, and keep it up ...
where is BILK? eva
Your cup needs filling. Come find me in CA
<3
Veganism is kicking in.... From hero to zero.
Good for you
Don't be so hard on yourself Eva! I saw a winner in this video not a quitter, because there is a small percentage of the world's population that could run at that elevation up hill with 30lbs on their back for hours. Achievement is relative to the goal. If the best athlete in the world sets the goal to high, he/she will fail. You are not old but you're not 22 anymore either. Just ease down on your goals a little as you approach your mid thirties, that's all, and you will be fine. When you reach your 40s, adjust them a little more and so forth.
Hyper-masculine men die during SEAL training, because their hyper-masculine trainers tell them "quitting is for losers", even if they have a lung infection and should have been in hospital three days ago. It's not the healthiest mentality. You're better and smarter than that.
Lol,drama queen. Good for views.
The woods are there for you to quietly slowly enjoy.  When you run you miss stuff.  Glad you are ok.  Take things easy. Smell those roses.
I love watching you grow as a person Eva. Your instincts will always see you through. I will admire you always for being the one who puts herself out there, but can also bring herself back, especially to herself.
Great video. Thank you for sharing it!
You are still a winner by making the decision to listen to your body and do what it needed,...otherwise, your previous video could have been your last. Love your videos, keep doing you.👍
Sometimes standing still vs moving is the right direction to go…   Signed,   This navy vet.
That was a survival situation and in a survival situation the aim is to survive and never give up.  You made it back safely. So you didn’t fail. If it wasn’t a survival situation then it would never give up and keep on going until you cross the finish line.
thats one side effect of not taking enough protein that your feel weak. should have taken a on veg protein a lot before taking on sucha task. muscles need heavy protein diet and bones need calciuam to repair damage fro such activities
If you give it your best you can't do more and you are alive to try again. Love the videos thanks !
I think you pushed too hard on day 1 and altitude sickness was the problem. The backpack was heavy which doesn’t help. You made the right choice. It’s a hiking survival situation and staying safe is the most important thing. I’m a runner and hiker and the running mentality of never giving up only applies to running events. At least now you live to run another day! lol.
I will share with you two of my favorite quotes. First is a quote from Dirty Harry (Clint Eastwood) - “A man has to know his limitations.” The second is from Ed Viesturs, mountaineer, from his book No Shortcuts to the Top - “Getting to the top is optional. Getting down is mandatory.” The most important tool you take into the wild is your mind. Living to fight another day is always the right decision.
Wait I thought you were on the road back from Alaska, your in Oregon already?
Every hardcore mountaineer knows that true skill is also knowing when to quit.  success is dependent upon it. Quitting is a survival skill.
Thank you for sharing, the fact that you did shows the respect you hold for your YT community. Such growth, and your right quitting does not make you a loser. I hope you are feeling fine now.
Wouldn’t it be awesome if you could stop with clickbait video titles?! 😅
I can't help myself but I must say it drives me crazy when she rambles on and on about going or not going, doing this or not doing it, etc.  So annoying, who is she trying to convince us or herself??  There's something about this girl I can't quite put my finger on.  A bit of a   drama queen.  Attention seeker? The scenery however is beautiful.
I think you are a big winner with this video. Important lessons learned here. Thanks for sharing the experience. Thanks for that little bit with Vilk at the end, was missing him in this one! Take care you two!
Wow!! a great adventure. You must visit Philippines sometime.
I love watching your videos. I found this one more difficult because of the risks involved ( i.e. No bear spray) Glad you are safe.
well done
Cutting down food is never a good idea ( as long as it's freeze dried food). No bear container? I've had plenty of bears get my hung up food. They will climb the tree, go out on the limb and jump off grabbing the food bag on the way down. Being realistic and trusting your intuitions is the most powerful tool though, which is what you did.  Come back and do it again sometime. And a great training video for people to learn about making the right decisions.
your one tough kookie, thanks for sharing
The scenery was amazing!!!! Am I the 1000th person to mention that? Either way, quitting can be a rational decision. You think that if you keep pushing you can finish the 95-mile hike or rescue your business from failure, but objectively it just isn't going to happen. Rather than risk ruining your health (physical o mental), destroying your credit, and damaging a few important relationships just decide what your next move is going to be, and abandon that failing venture to take on something else that serves you. I did this years ago when I was certain (certain!) that I could break into screenwriting for films and television. Nope. Before I descended into financial ruin and spent more time on what was objectively a lost cause, I started looking for other things to do. (Now, I struggle with the urge to try again, even though I know I have too many irons in the fire. Sometimes you just have to put something in the past and let it stay there though.) That's the end of my little self-improvement lesson :-)
You're an exceptional individual and you made the smartest decision in the moment.
I for what it's worth, I think you are a rockstar of living your life to the fullest, # LIVING, one love you didn't quit! you lived to live another day,
OK you're brilliant, but your plan here was just plain wrong and naive.  You don't run with a bergen/pack. You hike with a pack. If you want to hasty hike/jog then you do so in light order with the bare minimum; bivi bag to sleep and spare socks as a luxury. This was a naive and plain wrong plan. You're still brilliant though. Love you.
❤️🙏
Girl you’re too tough on yourself. You’re hardcore regardless of your decisions. You’re smart too because you listened to your body.  I would never want to do what you do but I watch you because I live vicariously thru you because I wish I was more like you. I’m proud of you too!
My two cents watching the video around between minute 25 to 27 your body was definitely telling you something don't know if it was something you ate or drank or someone else mentioned altitude sickness what ever it was I believe you made the right choice
You honestly give me so much inspiration!
Listening to your gut (body) isn’t quitting. And altitude sickness can only be cured with time or decreasing elevation (unless you’ve got a couple Sherpa’s hauling tanks of oxygen we can’t see? 🤔)  You didn’t fail. You learned.
im only at 26:20 right now, but just wanted to say there is no failure, there are only learning lessons! Your mental fortitude is super-human! Its a really slipperly slope when dealing with your mental state on the mountainside. I personally wouldnt have survived one of my trips without my cousin. Im still watching..
The reason you got sick is because you over exerted your body without giving your body a chance to acclimate to the higher altitude. Its called altitude sickness. At that altitude, the air is thinner. Your body is receiving less oxygen per breath, and then you are depriving your body of oxygen by your running, and the carbon monoxide built up in your blood stream; fatigue in your muscles, and giving you brain fog because your brain was deprived of less oxygen by all the above factors hitting your body at once. Had you walked the entire distance, you would have been fine. But YOU created the situation by overexerting your body in a short period of time.
Yeah, I used to give myself challenges like that. It built up a physique that keeps me rolling to this day, 50 years later. Unfortunately, about 6 years ago, my Will collapsed. The body carries on, but there comes a time when it's over. It's okay ... it's that time of Life. Enjoy what you have.  There's a time to push on; there's a time to rest, and there's a time to bail. I have experienced many episodes of depression when facing your kind of episode. For me, it often happens on the day before departure. Eva, whichever way you go, you will finish well. Welcome!
I am proud of you too and very happy you turned back when you needed to. No way do I see that is quitting, you just had to change your goal. Next time you take on a long hike like that, please make sure you take more food than you think you’ll need!
OMG Eva! You are so so hard on yourself! You do not listen to anyone! You make your own rule! Mountain wont go anywhere! You can come back and try again! Do u really need to run??? I would take as much time I need and be happy! You survived! Other wise I would have seen you on news! I am glad you made decision you made! I do not listen to any of that nonsense from so called tough guys! I am glad you did not make your life short! Yes right animals would not do anything they feel uneasy! They are smarter than us!
I think more people are attracted to the "Real" person, as opposed to the "What is the best footage I can post and keep a Persona." Your journey, has / continues to touch alot of people. I  look forward to the future.
That altitude can be tough if you're not used to it.  I think you made the right call.
It's really good to listen to your body and most especially the voice of warning, a whisper of advice and the guidance of your guardian angel. Quitting is not a failure but knowing your self and your limitation. The God of the Living, Jesus Christ is still waiting one day for you to open the door of your heart. I've followed you for long, literally, because of your openness and what is lacking is believing the Word of Truth, our Lord Jesus Christ our Salvation and Eternal Life. 🇵🇭❤️🙏😇
Looked like you had jaundice there for a second.
You did succeed your not dead on a mountain trail!
I quit to. I unsubscribed 😂
too much drama is always counter productive
Looks like a pretty hard hit from Altitude Sickness. It happens. You just have to heal up and maybe try try again with a little bit more adaptation time. You made the absolute right call for yourself and Vilk. He depends on his Alpha.  God sends growth and learning opportunities in many ways.
VOLTE PARA SUA FAMÍLIA E FAÇA VIDEOS LÁ..SER FILHA DE MAE SOLTEIRA TE DEXOU SEQUELAS DE CAMINHANTE...👍🙏😘😍😍 TERÁ TBM VISUALIZAÇÕES E DINHEIRO COMO SE ACOSTUMOU SEM TRABALHO DE ROTINAS 👍😊..PARE DE BUSCAR O QUE SÓ VAI ACHAR NA FAMÍLIA SANGUÍNEA 🧐👍 im from🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Right decision! Risk management is one of the first things to asses in the backcountry. Also, where was the quitting. You ran 70km in two days with an oncoming cold and a backpack. Both things you maybe didn´t train for to peak out on that date. You also kept in mind how someone would have to take a risk possibly getting you and pushed through the whole way back feeling like garbage! If anything this was amazing! What an experience and thank you for sharing. So much expertise, good decisions, letting go of ego...and then filming it all too! Wow! Not everyone is a Goggins running from severe trauma to keep going. Also... first one has to want that life. Hard work for the sake of hard work is just naother kind of drug to distract from a void, trauma or other thing that needs looking at. Hard work for the thing you want is what liberates and you do just that and it is mind blowing. I lived a life full of self imposed harshness and critical self taught and now at 34 I need to learn life all over again... ego out, vision of the person I want to be in, and go. You are an inspiration! Congrats on an insane Ultra with added weight and self filming! Badass! Love the little  fourlegged, hairy stinky in your vids! Cheers from Canada/Austria
DEAR YOU GET A.T,SICK NESS TAKES TIME FOR YOUR BODY TO ADJST,,,,LOOK AT THE PPL WHOVE CLIMDED K,2 YOU DO IT IN STAGES TRY AGAIN DEAR DONT GIVE UP REGROUP HIT IT AGAIN,,,INPROVISE.ADAPTE AND OVER COME
Hey ! have you ever thought of hiking poles? It helps me lotssss even when running. It also is the solution for swelling for me
Just remember you didn't quit, you did what your body told you to do and you were smart enough to listen♥
When I was crossing Death Valley solo in 117 degree heat (F) to beat the world record, I got to mile 45 (out of 146) and I had to stop because it was a bad day. All athletes have those from time to time for no explainable reason. So I quit. I knew that I couldn't beat the record because the first 45 miles was so slow. And because I knew there was a small chance I would finish at all. There was no sense in getting hurt or killed. And like you, wanting to continue but knowing that quitting is the best choice. It's a brutally tough decision. The one's who try to push through when they know they should stop, they get hurt or killed. You were smart to follow your instincts. I could see it in your face, that day was not your day to finish the course. BTW, I went back 3 days later and crushed the record by 5 hours. You can always go back and do it again.
You should bring bear spray.  Black bear more common
I almost gave up a lot while hiking hi terrain but you have to keep going keep going but what you’re doing is totally crazy I would just kind of take my time running it is insane
Good for you Eva!!!! We enjoy your adventures no matter what you do !!!!!
Really been enjoying your channel @EvazuBeckOffical. Honestly, this was my favorite video yet and very thankful you decided to share. Every situation is uniquely different, and there's no shame in the self-realization that you've bitten off more than you can chew. Continue to do you and kudos for the great content.👏💪 Footnotes: High quality hiking poles for running &/or backpacking with heavy packs, lots of elevation gain/loss & fords are, in my opinion indispensable. Also Backpackers Pantry is trash....highly recommend @MaryJaneFarms organic backpacking foods.
I think you had a touch of hypoxia if you were at a high elevation the air will be thinner and you were moving faster, your body wasn't taking in what it's used to
One of your best videos.  Thank you Eva for sharing and posting.I love Mt Rainier. Hugs.
One of your best videos.  Thank you Eva for sharing and posting.I love Mt Rainier. Hugs.
In the whitewater kayak community there is a saying that if you can't spit after scouting a difficult/dangerous section then walk around.   On any other day you might have been fine, but this time not.   Sounds like you made the right decision.   Knowing your limits and when you can push them and when frankly it is unsafe is super important.
I am proud of you. I think you made a right decision to turn back, as you should remember that there are a lots of people who are your youtube follower, among them there are some crazy dudes like myself who would do their utmost too. If you had gone over the limit, your followers would do the same and many lives could've been lost. Don't forget for the sake of humanity there always allowance of "U"turn.  You made a good decision and I am proud of you.  You are a winner who defeated EGO>  Lots of love and prayers fo ryou  K. A. Butt New York, USA
I wonder how much the crappy food you brought was a factor?  To deal with challenges your body needs good nutrition, proper hydration & electrolytes.
That's basically my backyard.  That is quite a feat to accomplish.   You are amazing!
The first mistake was running the first day. The question is why? You can't run on a trail all day for 3 days. Too many bad things can happen. Not just bears. When you run you have a greater chance of getting injured. What if you fall and break a leg, or hit your head and knock yourself out. Being alone is another mistake. If something happens you'd have no one to help. You could die. At the end of the first day your body is tired, sore and needs rest. Why not enjoy the walk? Then not carrying enough gear.  Sadly, society seems to push women by telling them how strong they are and how they're just as tough as a man.Those feminist who push the "Women are Tough" slogan are not on the trail. They're sitting in an apartment in NYC with a soft bed, airconditioning, central heat, running water, and a refrigerator full of food. However, in the end she did the right thing by turning back. This is an important lesson for everyone to learn from.
You ended the video perfectly. Quitting does not make you a loser. Sometimes it proves you are wise. I’m looking forward to your next video.
We all get sick. Good for you to know enough not to push on.  There will be another challenge another day. Not a failure, but rather a lesson. Love your channel, all the best from Ontario Canada.
You are such an inspiration,and one brave lady.. Wishing you a speedy recovery ☺️
I would guess oxygen deprivation. I live at about 6K feet but I can feel the difference when I'm at 10k. Peace, Love!
I think was it was  so cool.
Where's your dog? You better not have surrendered him!!!! Oops just saw you boarding him. Sorry
That's not quitting... that's being smart and importantly taking care of yourself first. I would be happy if I could even do trekking... i can't even run a mile. I am just getting back to my fave indoor sport, but I can't beat myself up and follow the pace of the active veterans and young ones. I know that you will get back up in the best condition and finish what you do.
Hats off to you. You are becoming an inspiration for so many people. Being as honest as you have been keeps me wanting to see the next evolution in your learning process. The fight of the 2 voices in your head is in each one of us. For you to share how you come to decide what to do next is something that everyone needs for today. I would love one day to sit down and have a conversation with you. You are one strong woman. I will keep looking forward to the next video. P. S. You probably did twice the distance having to retrace and pick up the camera. Altitude sickness is nothing to mess with.
Good for you! What is more human than hitting road blocks? Being able to make a decision is a success!
My respect and admiration for you. I would have walked the same distance you ran in five days.
As a resident in Seattle area, I've been to Mt Rainier 10-20 times. But I have never see and stepped in such widerness around Mt Rainier before. Thanks for showing this to the audience like me. Don't be sad about the quit cuz there's countless chances to do it again. There are things in your life that you have to insist on and not quit, but not this one. The real value from these kind of activity comes from sharing the experience not from actually finishing.
Think of all the tough folks that tried to climb mount Everest and died instead of quiting when they should have. Unless it means life to not quit or to accomplish the Military mission which actually saves lives, there's nothing wrong with having the wisdom to quit, re-evaluate and maybe start over if need be. So no worries. Besides you are doing what 90% of people can't do already! Keep on truckin :) (Former U.S. Marine as well...Recon, Ooh-Rah!)
Eva,I am so incredibly thankful that you listened to your body and turned back.Sometimes forging ahead,could be impending doom.Eva,you have absolutely nothing to feel bad,or ashamed about,you made the most correct decision, possibly of your life.I, for 1,am so proud of you for showing us that you have the wisdom to look after your own well being You are amazing, and I am so glad that you will still be with us, to bring us on more adventures with you. I personally love you, &everything you stand for, as well as what you believe in.I love the interaction between you and Vilk at the end, his response was hilarious 😆
when your body swells it is a sure sign of potassium deficiency. you can lose 3000mg of pot. in one hot afternoon of extreme activity. i have reached such a state deficiency that i could not get my boots off and felt boozy. each cell has what called a sodium pump and it requires a 3 to 1 ratio of potassium to sodium in order to pump out sodium. when the cells can not get out sodium they swell which is often visible in swelling under the eyes.
too much for three days
Did you get the jab, there are young people having hart problems because of the jab
You just learned to trust your instinct
Jestes wspaniala❤
Eva, in this video you look like Lara Croft from Tomb Raider. Have you seen the movie?
It's not quitting. It's never quitting. It's called changing direction. Always moving ahead, always a new day. Sometimes a new direction.
Solo endurance in the wilderness is no game.  It is serious stuff.  You did the right thing.  What you already did was astonishing and shows how fit you were.  In scouting I teach scouts that in a rescue situation the first thing you need to quickly assess is "Is it safe for you to proceed".  If the answer is no or you are not sure, don't proceed.  The hardest decision for me would be to not save someone because I didn't think I could do it safely.  I can see the same thing in your situation.  Your safety and well-being is so important.  Despite that you didn't finish it, I hope you did have a good time and experience.  Pushing your body to the limit is still amazing.  Sharing this was amazing.  I used to run long distances, not like you are doing.  I got where I couldn't run more than 2 miles at a time.  Many years later it finally got to the point that I saw an Orthopedist.  I had severe arthritis in one of my knees. My running days and backpacking days were over. I would be a liability to my crew if I went forward. It still bugs me that there are things I can't do anymore, but there you are. Your adventures are amazing.  You are still young and fit.  You will continue to do amazing things. Enjoy your adventures.  Thanks for sharing. Be safe.
You need to understand your dress the wrong way it gets below freezing there the clothes are you wearing are not made for that they’re not insulate also you’re wearing the wrong kind of shoes where you can get frostbite you must understand when you take these chances these are people that go up there that are well experience that they do this all the time and even things go wrong you did your name amateur you’re taking a big risk losing your life and having other people search for you and getting involved next time please please think they use common sense you’re well educated you should know this is your friend the old man from California
Irresponsible to press yourself too hard while solo. All you're doing is expecting some volunteer SAR team to bail you out if you misjudge. If you doubt, just turn around. In the wilderness you aren't just risking yourself, you're risking others who never had a say in your decision.  You made the right decision.
I realize this wasn't Everest, but people have died because they didn't want to "quit."      " Discretion is the better part of valor." Good decision making.
better to survive than to succumb. you did great. your dog and i understand and respect you :)
I loved watching this video. Very glad you published this! I was telling you, thru the screen, to turn around and listen to your inner self. :)
You must have traveled twice further than necessary running backwards and forwards placing the camera to get shots of yourself walking away and in the distance 🤣 walking poles would prevent the swollen fingers and they only weighed grams. It’s hard to understand how you can “barely walk and so frail” yet you place the camera many meters UPHILL and then go back down the mountain to get a shot of yourself coming back up towards it!!! What is the truth??? Wondering how many of your million plus subscribers take you seriously? You seem rather foolish and ill prepared.
you should have  taken  a  bag of   coca leaves   , i t don't mater how fit you are    ,    when the  o2   level's    drop   so do people  . EVA  don't   think you failed     , you  did the right thing   !   honestly  i would  never have tried this chalenge   . PS  I LOVED  THIS   CONTENT  :)
I was an infantryman for a happy decade during the Cold War.    I did things in training I would NEVER do in all the years since.  Running across gravel and loose terrain even in good light could get you a helicopter ride back to the hospital with the medics.  It can be comforting to know that you won't quit... ever, even when there is no point to continuing.  Or maybe not.  Sometimes it's the sort of thing they put on your tombstone. All of my old ground pounder friends and I still have physical issues, very often because we pushed the boundaries all the time... but we had no sense as well as no choice most of the time.  🤨  There's old infantrymen, and bold infantrymen... you're just not likely to find a lot of old, bold infantrymen.   Stay healthy and keep up the show.  You're awesome!  I absolutely admire your courage and integrity.  Never forget the integrity!
Eva, you’re my hero 😃
You don’t have to girl, you just decided to do it and you are totally allowed calling it quits. Love ✌️
You did NOT quit; You made a rational decision not to put your life in increasing danger for no logical gain. The "Never quit, push through it" mantra is for when you are at the TOP of the mountain and need to get back to survive. To finish an endurance course where at the end you go eat or do push ups. You did right and showed everyone the right choice to make. Mt. Everest is full of dead, healthy, skilled people who did NOT make the right call. Glad you recovered well.
Hi Eva always love watching your blog, you did the right thing always listen to your body not your mind stay safe
I’m a 10yrs veteran It’s being smart sometimes, that place will always be there to try again,,but safety is paramount...
Hoprfully you are feeling much better now, and thank you for showing the reality and reminding all of us to not cross limits and red flags. What you have shared here needs courage and it is really appreciated.
you DID great :)
No bear spray mmmmm
No no no Eva!!! You did the sensible thing. Your health and safety are the most important thing to keep in mind. I love following your adventures and you have a very beautiful soul. Not continuing was a brave choice and you showed your maturity by knowing something was off. I applaud you young lady. Keep on adventuring!! Much love from Alabama.🙏✌🏼❤️
One of your better things you put out. No one is invincible. But Im old . What do I know.  :-)
This was a great movie 👍
you have achieved so much. To fail is to learn and realize a mistake and to tackle it again differently. Getting sick in the middle of know where is horrible and you can only help yourself. You are out and about inspiring many. You have a unique gift to push through the pain so keep going :) All im struggling with is getting through 8 hours in the office. The Ac is a bit cold today :P
Eva you're beautiful. Feel no shame. Feel Good about yourself.
I watch travel videos and automatically assumed you had symptoms of altitude sickness. You were mentally too hard on yourself. People driving cars in luxurious comfort to higher elevations get this too. They also needed to turn back to lower elevations. Altitude sickness can be very dangerous. This video will hopefully educate hikers who are traveling in groups when one individual has these symptoms. The gung ho attitude to keep moving forward and not quit the group could cause this individual harm.
😢
It's called adapting. good move! :)
❤️❤️❤️ your real and I’m addicted to u lol! Awesome! Thanks for sharing this video!
Thanks for the click bait title.
13:29 like WHOA!!!
Your  not  failing  if you try if you don't try you are failing ❤
doe it your way. please your self  it your life.
Siamo umani e come tali non siamo invincibili, in caso contrario saremmo degli Dei! Be just yourself ;)
Who's watching Vilk?  It would have been nice if he was there to greet you would you got back :)
The word quit has had a bad reputation.  But, honestly leaving any situation that doesn't feel right for you for any reason is just a way to teach yourself self-compassion. You are strong and brave. You always push yourself out of your comfort zone and do amazing things. So listening to your body and ending this journey is the smart, compassionate thing to do.
You’re doing amazing! You should come to Utah! Plenty of beautiful land here. Tons of national parks. I imagine you’d enjoy it.
There's a lot more to life than accomplishing things. Best is to be humble and enjoy it and help others.  This video took much work under difficult circumstances and will be a help to many. Stay well.
Thank You, and I'll say it again.  You Are Amazing.
Great video Eva zu Beck. Couldn't agree more with your conclusions. Marine style self motivation is a good tool but it's not the solution for every circumstance. Knowing when to push yourself and when to nurture yourself is a precious self-wisdom.
That's why I don't watch much of the lady channel cause they always cry like a loser when they about to give up
When I was young we just went out back packing like our fathers. No big  - no drama.  Just sayin 🤷
You made the right choice. You looked really ill! Hope you're better.
Always follow that little voice inside of you, if it says stop, you stop. If it says continue, you stop. No jugement, no question. That voice is your best guide. Be always proud of every step you take. Love aqnd light xx
Oh Eva I wish I could just give you a warm bed, cup of hot tea and a big hug. You made the right decision, don’t beat yourself up.
Great Video...... Weighing the Pro/Cons of each action...... Another Former Marine Here........ There is a time to make the decision that you are not physically up to the challenge that day.... and stopping before you create a worse situation...... Your Body will tell you when it need a Break....... Even those SEAL's will agree that there are times that the body needs a break...... The Special Ops community talks more about "mentally quitting"......
Silly muggle, sometimes quitting is the correct move. Even the most extreme persons quit from time to time or they die, the former is always preferred over the latter.
Definitely best decision made 🙏🙏
Smart girl! You always have to leave a door open for options. Social conventions and social constructs many times serve others more than ourselves but, we are free. I'm happy you allowed yourself to be flexible and came up with such an educational vid as well. :)
I'm so glad you turned back, there's no shame in preserving your life over ego, you didn't feel well and you knew your limits on this day. You may do another one, another time, all because you lived to see another day and that is Winning!  It's serious business out there by your self with no help and little food. You still ran 100km more than I could. LOL
our immune system is interesting when we add a stress on our body.
OK stop with the Clickbait titles.  Please.
You're on your own journey. And you have to learn for yourself, I guess. 🍀✨🤗
Eva  give us more Vickr and people that you  meat along the way.
You're real. I think it's one of the think I really appreciate by your videos. I mean U are true, natural, yourself. You do what many people as me just thinking to do but probably never. Thanks for this.
great to see you sleep in a bed after !
Take a break and give your self some luxury to get back to what you love you need to enjoy it more !
In my opinion. The reason I do hard things is to find out about myself. And perhaps to transform myself in good ways. I my thinking self sometimes finds it incredible that I put myself in the way of hard things. As though I walk out into the street and stand in front of a bus and get run over. That sounds crazy but,  hard things, things that are so hard we might utterly fail, do transform us. Or perhaps they just help us learn who we are. And only if we survive them. You can be an ultra-any-thing person, but to my thinking you are not truly one until you fail, and then get up and do it again. I know that is not at all the common way to look at things, but the risk of failure and the sometimes failing is for me part of being totally alive. So  congratulations. And thank you for setting an  example for people so they can try things and not die or kill themselves. Or just not publish the video.  A couple other random thoughts. After one of my hardest things, I thought back on it and somehow ended up watching myself as I rumbled through the winter forest. But I did not see me, I saw a bear. As though I had taken the bear in me and let him loose in the woods, to be just a bear. I believe that part of us is a bear, or wolf, fox, deer, elk or whatever and we are locked up in the cage of civilization and being a person. At least for me, letting that part of me be free was one of the best moments in my life.  Finally this word quitting is quite a stupid word. I find it objectionable. In this case you "quit" only to go back the whole distance on the second day. That is not quitting, that is heroism. Congratulations!
So my question is has there been times in the past that you ever not posted a video for face saving sake?
That isn't 'quitting' in my book, it's staying sensible, level headed and very clever in preventing overkill at a bad time, you know your body better than anyone, sometimes mind over matter is not the way forward.  Not everyone can do that!!
Eva, my inspirational words might be a bit different, but holy sh*t you’re an animal for even running the the first 30 freakin miles with that pack!! I would have had to break up your day 1 into 3 days! 😅
Don't flog yourself mentally because unavoidable circumstances have prevented you from flogging yourself physically.
young lady as a Canadian Veteran of the military the narrative you speak of is in place because the reality of quitting as a soldier is the enemy wins and you die. This does not apply to civilian life my advice to you if you want to challenge yourself is do that but with the mantra of "give the challenge your best effort" and if you are the type of person that holds yourself accountable as you apparently are then you will succeed more often than not the other thing you will learn is to err on the side of caution like you did in this instance, you recognized a real danger weighed your options and made the correct safe decision. You can always attempt this challenge again but now you will be better equipped, elevation is one thing but climbing and elevation with a weighted pack is another entirely. The more experienced we get (older) the wiser we get quitting implies one stops because the task was harder than they were willing work. Stopping because the task got unsafe or an unknown variable potentially could make the challenge unsafe or deadly that's just wise. A challenge should never threaten your well being. You made another very mature decision when you chose to show everyone this video it shows you are not Vain but humble and sweet. Props to you for being strong enough to let everyone see you attempt a challenge and recover from an outcome that was not what you wanted and the lessons you learned from it. Well done young lady.
You are beyond amazing and inspirational. Thank you so much for sharing. ❤
You did the right thing posting it online for us to watch the struggle you went through. Not all efforts lands up in success; our failures makes us more strong. And in any case, the wonderful adventure that you explored and we viewed is worth celebrating too: the path followed towards the destiny is equally thrilling as to reaching it.
As many have said, the most important thing is to listen to your body. Especially if it was altitude sickness as others have postulated, you can't trust your mind. At your camp-site I would have definitely suggested heading back, but not in one go. Because you had the supplies for at least 1 more night, I would have suggested returning at about half the pace you took to get there. I'm just glad you made it back to Odessey and the A-frame alive.
well done i know how you feel i once done 36 miles in 6.5 hours with a 30kg back pack over the moors non stop great filming
Honestly refreshing. Sometimes you have to make the hardest choices. You didn't quit, you won. You're still here, and that's a win in my book ❤🤗
It was just a trail among many trails. You didn't Quit,  rather you choose to alter the course of the trail to fit your needs. There were no rules, no demands, and no expectations put apon you. Just your heart and head requiring equal time. Keeping the it real is your one and only expectations when everything depends on your living this life you've chosen.  Now move on, stop with this quitting crap. As the only thing that would count as quitting is if you packed up and went home. Never to venture out again.
Dear Eva. I'm not a runner nor an athlete. Someone else here mentioned your symptoms looked like altitude sickness. But I recognize also something else: burn-out symptoms. You started this epic run while you had a young dog to look after who took up a lot of your mental energy. Then you could take your dog to a trusted place for a while, you were alone, and the "stress" of the dog is suddenly gone. But then is the moment your body&mind say: "I need rest". Instead you started your epic run, so the body started protesting! People with too much stress often have symptoms like the feeling of becoming sick and being nauseous. Even though you're perfectly in shape fysically, this can always happen when things sometimes become "too much", especially when you're saying to yourself "quitting is not an option". When it comes to stress, many of us have to learn it the hard way, by first crossing that line... Take good care of yourself (and "little" Vilk). I love your videos!
Just stick to your gas guzzler ..
Thank you for putting this video out there. It is important for people to see someone quitting when it is not safe. It is honest and responsible. Thank you for sharing!
Thank you for your honesty and integrity, that is one of the reasons I admire you so much. When you admit that you are nervous when Vilk barks at seemingly nothing you are showing us all aspects of your travels. You are so smart to listen to your body and make the difficult decision to turn back. Rest up, there are many adventures ahead for you! 😘
Altitude sickness at its finest, glad you put yourself first. You are living it already x
Quitting probably saved you from having to be airlifted out.  I’m no doctor but I’m guessing you were suffering from altitude sickness.
Eva. 😀😃😆😅🤣😂😛 I loved this Mt Rainer experience. Thanking you for sharing. Wonderful experience. I felt like I was there, don't stress about quitting before completing, you made an awesome decision. But we enjoyed the journey so so so much, well done on camera angels, great editing, punchy story line, and you made it so wholesome and so enjoyable. The clips were quick quick quick, but so well weaved one into each other. It paid to keep going back to pick up the camera... because, in the end you made a great video. Enjoyed it!!!  I love how you choose great concept for each of your videos. Well done, keep them coming!!!
I know why you run because I feel the same thing.  I would always rather run than walk...always.  Now up in age, I am being forced to readjust my abilities.  I wouldn't say I like making that adjustment.  You did a good...lessons learned.  Very few people in this world have done what you have done!
At the end of this video I had tears in my eyes. Realy This means something: you just made one of your best (reality) videos. Good convincing story, beautiful landscapes... emotional end. This should be your biggest goal: making good videos. This is what you're best in. Telling your story. Never quit that.  (But one day will come that you also will have to quit that.) I also never wanted to quit, but I'm getting old... We're all getting...
Dude, I would've only gotten like half a mile out and quit. 🤣 You did amazing, and it inspires me how brave you are to go, but it was even more brave of you to turn back. Thanks for sharing such a wonderful story.
Your best video yet . This part of you makes you all the more beautifully attractive and real .
No one idea paints the whole picture. The Seals are right because that idea is an extreme tool for required bravery situations and finding limits. The idea of quitting is a tool to keep you safe. Falling extremely in love with just one idea sounds creepy. We learn ideas from other and use those ideas as the proper tool for the right job.  You did well. Stay safe dear.
There are old adventurers and there are bold adventurers.  But there are very few old, bold adventurers.  There is always some level of risk in adventuring. When risk becomes cautionless is when risk often turns into tragedy. Turning around is the hardest and the bravest thing you can do.  Good adventures ahead!
Oh sweetheart! Go easy you can try again - the trail will be there !!  As well as us! So appreciate your authenticity!!! 💕💕💕
Eva I love this video! Backpacking while is rough ! Live to fight another day ! I’m proud of you ! Your a real person! Genuine in every way ! Cheers !
You did great! You knew when to turn back and survive to fight another day. I miss Vilk! 🐾❤️🍷
I agree with other commenters. It looks like you had altitude sickness. I once did a solo trip. My destination was denver Colorado but wanted to stop by some landmarks. I have hiked over 10,000 ft before so I was confident I could do a solor road trip. It was a road trip but I still felt the symptoms. I almost got caught in a snow storm and the wheather conditions worsen. I had to turn around and drive in increments because I felt I was passing out. I stopped and rested in my car before driving my back in AZ. It sucked. Nausea, shortness of breath, feeling like I constantly needed to go to the bathroom, I felt I was going to pass out. Pounding headache. There is a difference between quitting because you are tired and quitting because you absolutely feel something is off with your body and it's out of your reach to control it. You can always try again later. It's not a fail, its an experience and although it sucks canceling goals sometimes it's the right call.
Eva, we are all so proud of your worldly accomplishments….you take us everywhere on your journey and we are amazed of the feats that you tackle… yep, you want to be a superwoman but your simply a human being doing already amazing, you don’t need to apologize or find a reason stop, like you said, there’s a time and place to do the sensible thing, and ending the video with Vilk always brings a smile…btw why are you carrying such a big DSLR…why not simply a go pro? I’ve been shooting with DSLRs for years but have downsized in weight with smaller and better megapixel cameras, stay safe and stay smart ….
Anyone else thinking "Death Stranding" ?
I'm sure there is a point to this pushing your body and safety to the edge.  I just have not figured it out yet.
Proud of you and the journey you decided to take, regardless of not making your goal, you're such an inspiration. I really admire your dedication, hard work, and relentless effort in trying to achieve what you've set forth. Thanks for sharing, keep it up ❤
Eva, you are a great story teller. I'm sure your adventures affect people in different ways. At first I thought your style of drama was testing but now addictive. As far as I'm concerned what ever you decide to do will be the next chapter of an interesting story.
*Love* -- in this case *_self-love_* -- is far more important than the external goal.  If you were to glean no other lesson but this from your intrepid travels... it would still have been worth all the efforts. 😇 ♥
Never quit when your life is in danger!   For hiking and running, balance is the key.  Always listen to your body.  Good luck.
I appreciate your honesty. There is an old Freakonomics podcast called "the upside of quitting". I do recommend it. Quitting does not make you a loser. Quitting is sometimes the best option (be it mental, physical, emotional, financial, etc).  Taking the time to step back (for yourself) and not others to determine why you want to quit something is powerful. Your happiness should not be a reflection of others expectations.
As a former high altitude mountaineer who turned back on occasion, I echo what the others say.  Turn back if you can’t go on.  Too many of my fellow mountaineers did not and they are no longer here to impart that advice.  Also, many Navy Seals leave the service at your age.
Why not just go slow and hike it? What’s the hurry?
So Proud of YOU !
I've never seen beauty in your videos quite like my own home ☺️🏡 welcome to Washington hunny 😊
No one asked you anything 🤷‍♂️ Find you a real Job Bye....👋
The physical aspect of the journey is one thing but the fact that you braved that tough wilderness with mountain lions, bears, serial killers, wolves and everything else all on your own is a whole 'nother thing! Brave no matter how far you made it.
it's one thing to give in and another to surrender, well done for just trying
Have you considered a gopro with an external microphone, instead of the camera which is half the total weight of your backpack? Probably definitely yes, but why did you decide on no?
I'm glad you made this video. To me that was more like reason winning over emotions (of how you feel about yourself, self-appreciation etc.). And I always like when reason wins.
I think that was the most amazing video I've ever seen on youtube
I play a lot of solitaire. After all this time playing it I realize there is no winning or losing your just rearranging the cards to get the end result.
Trafiłam na Twój kanał dzięki polecające w komentarzu na kanale vlog casha,jestem w szoku,że dopiero na Ciebie trafiłam Podziwiam cię,że sama podróżujesz ja w życiu sama nie zdecydowałabym się wyruszyć samotnie w podróż.
Wow I really relate to a lot of what you're saying. I really liked your video, thank you for sharing 😊
How heavy was the backpack in total?
Nasza hipsterka Ejjjjwa sie przeliczyla hehe
You made a very decision to stop and return. You are a very strong woman. Take care.
This video ressonated with me a lot. Thanks for sharing! Take care
It's great that you've shared this with us, the self reflection was great and you're right there's wisdom in knowing when to quit. It would be nice to see you and Vilk on slow hikes, i think as a viewer it's much more enjoyable to see scenery and all. x
Almost think you may have not eaten enough  aswell as the altitude sickness. burning alot of calories  with the added weight
Spectacular! I can see that mountain from my home. Fun to think you were that close after following all around the world here on YouTube. You Go Girl!
Very wise 💗
Eva, you didn’t give up you grew up. And now you’ll live to adventure another day. Thank you for sharing.
thank you for being such an inspiration :)
Eva, please be kind to the beautiful body that has taken you to distances far and wide and all sorts of adventures while your fans have cheered you on all over the world on YouTube and social media. We love you, we’re rooting for you, you are not alone. You are loved, adored, admired and cherished the world over! So be kind to yourself and your body as well. ❤️
sick
Symptoms like altitude sickness
I don't want to seem mean, but it was refreshing to see you are like us a little bit, and not Wonder Woman. Keep it up, you make great content and we all love Vilk.
Girl, why are you putting yourself in such danger?  You walk through forests alone and expose yourself to dangers.  That's not courage, that's unconsciousness.  You don't feel sorry for your grandparents and your mother because you give them emotions???
That wasn't about giving up, it was about becoming wiser 🦉
Maybe theres something might happen  to u  if you  still push to  keep going... And finish your run  with a  heavy bag pack... Good decision of turning back.
Oglądając ten film przyszedł mi do głowy tekst piosenki Budki Suflera - Cień wielkiej góry. Zwłaszcza fragment "tylko czasem, czasem zamyślenie... - sam możesz wybierać los, szczytów ślad, sam możesz wybierać los, zrozum to, wejdź na szczyt..." Ty to właśnie zrobiłaś. Życie, to nie Navy Seals, to umiejętność podejmowania decyzji tu i teraz. I to jest właśnie Twój szczyt a nie te dwa razy po 50 km biegiem pod górę do przebycia...  Cieszę się, że to zrozumiałaś. Oczywiście przykro mi, że tym razem się nie udało, ale pamiętaj - tym razem :) Tych szczytów w Twoim życiu jeszcze trochę będzie i trzymam za Ciebie kciuki. Nie za ich zdobycie, tylko za dojrzałe decyzje, ...za zamyślenie.
Your in Bigfoot country 😳
I was very relieved when you decided to turn back, I was quite worried about the next 100km in the state you were in. And it’s a nice result that you don’t beat yourself for quitting !
😢
You're lucky. It is better to not have to rely on luck, though. It was poorly planned.
You are great and you r doing great. Thanks Eva
TRUST YOUR GUT. When it's not right, it's not right.
You are wearing the wrong shoes. You need ankle support.
You might want to investigate Ultra Fuel  (at GNC and elsewhere) or if you can find it, Carbo Cooler.  These lactic acid buffers restore your muscles in minutes.
Your body was giving you warning signals and you used wisdom and absolutely made the right choice to go back. It's amazing what you accomplished in one day, I couldn't do that. I'm glad you're okay!
In some cases “ quitting could save your life”! Sounds like you were suffering the affects of altitude sickness! If it would have been the flu - you wouldn’t normally have been able to keep food down! If that was the case- it only would have gotten worse as you continued up! So turning back ( just in case) was the right thing to do! Proud of you!
Where is your dog?
Stop the clickbait titles and thumbnails, so annoying. You’re getting close to 5 minute craft level.
Don't be a quitter
God will take care of you if you ask him… good luck on your journey.
YAH! GO GURLZ!!!
At 8:57, the scene remind of of a show I used to watch called Fred Penner Show.. walking in the forest and all and then going in a tree trunk! hehe check it out Eva! you'll see the ressemblance.🤩😍😍😍
We are proud of you! You did more that great!
ok and?
There’s so much about you that I love. From your warm smile to your kind heart. You’re truly a gem.
so nice🌼👌🏻🌼
No one’s shooting at you or lobbing grenades in your direction. Maybe the Navy SEAL approach might not be the right one for you. Take care of yourself and go easy on the extreme military exercise. I’m glad you shared this video.
You are amazing and I get inspired by your videos.Thank you brave lady
apart from, that I never would wanna end up in a forest alone, please keep listening to your body as well as your inner voice and not to others. Different day = different circumstances. Listening to yourself will protect you anywhere you go. Just don't ignore it, especially not your gut feeling!
Obejrzalem do konca,  dzieki za prawde, dalej mysle ze jestes Zuch Dziewczyna. Trzymaj sie Dziubek i chce zobaczyc jak robisz Pan American Hwy  z Alaski do Chile
You didn't give up, you said it yourself it's the right thing to do,  and its amazing what you achieved anyway. It could have been dangerous to continue,. Fair play you rock.
"Gdyby głupota umiała fruwać,latałabyś jak gołębica"...to jedyna,nasuwająca się myśl po obejrzeniu początku a potem ostatnich minut filmu...Skoro jesteś osobą publiczną, to na taki komentarz musisz być przygotowana.I żadne ochy i achy(zachwytu) tu nie padną.Bo ,Ty Ewka nie "wzniesiesz się "ponad to, co jeszcze teraz potrafisz wykrzesać z własnego organizmu..Każdy kolejny rok przybliża Ciebie do ograniczeń,które będą bolesne(mentalnie i fizycznie).Nie katuj się.Ciesz się życiem-zachwycaj,bo jest Ci to dane,ale dbaj o siebie,bo to Twój skarb z którego możesz czerpać-długo,długo...
we never quit, we start something new
I'm just wondering how you haven't turned an ankle on a rock or something halfway through any of your long haul runs..... No ANKLE SUPPORT
Where's Vik?!
Animal protein is crucial on big hikes and fats.
Such great advice and support from the people that follow this channel.  It’s really nice to read the such affirming comments.
Decisions to quit are sometimes between life and death. The older we get the smarter we are. Life is about knowing and listening to your own body. ❤️
Dear Eva, thank you for having the courage to admit to failure, it’s one of the crap bits of life no one tells you about. All the best.
❤
You should stop being so hard on yourself & your body. If your body is telling you to rest & take it easy, listen to that. Self-care is important.
You are my hero.
❤
not everyone can be a Navy Seal actually very few can. occasionally you see in the news a Navy Seal dies during training. every person has their limitations a intelligent person know what theirs are. you are a very strong  brave person mentally & physically. you have discovered you have some limitations, welcome to the human race. 🙂
So glad you turned back because even I could see the signs that you were getting ill. Life is so much more than a competition, it's also the accumulation of wisdom as you meander through it. Congratulations for achieving that goal and please stay safe because the world would be a sadder place without you in it.
I love my Grayl
Thanks for sharing your story Eva. To me this was not quitting, this was adapting. And you did the only thing to do. The wrong choise could have got realy bad, there will be a lot of days for you to run in your life. Make those days fun instead.  And by sharing this with us it may help people make the right choise.  Warm hugs from Sweden 🙏🏼
Tak dobrze było zobaczyć ten film teraz. Nie robię fizycznie takiego dystansu jak Ty, ale bardzo dobrze oddałaś to, co może czuć każdy z nas, kto jest zafiksowany na tym, żeby się nie poddawać, bez względu na to, co robimy. Choćby nie wiem co. Czasem trzeba się poddać. Nie biczujmy się za coś, co tak naprawdę nie ma żadnego znaczenia, jeśli spojrzymy na życie z szerokiego punktu widzenia. Ściskam ciepło! I dużo głasków dla Vilka!
Sometimes even the best fall down.
Congratulations! You have learned that running for some Seal author is not running for YOU! Do it for YOU! Like the gambler in that song, ... You have to know when to hold 'm, know when to fold 'em. You are learning that you are NOT that Seal, you are YOU. And we all love you still. Thanks for the video. Jon
The Navy Seal people need such an extreme never quit attitude because if they quit, they die.  If they quit, the people they're trying to protect also die.  You, however, where in a situation where if you didn't quit, you're health could have been in danger, and you didn't have anyone to protect but yourself.  I agree with you that the Navy Seal mindset only applies to a limited extent to living your life outside of a military context.
Where did you leave Vilk?
That is what I call a "run and gun"!  You are a warrior!  A warrior with common sense!
Wow, amazing to try this. Its ok to do things like this in 4 or 5 days too. I would give myself a 5 days for this one.I would say the last downhill day you need very little, and can plan to just eat in town on the last day. I would have upped the energy stuff, added hot breakfast, meat sticks, and wearing the same thing everyday is the way to go. Salty snacks are important for me. You need the power bank because devices die in the cold if not insulated, and also handwarmers. Get some Brooks trailrunners and you would be still wearing your shoes. Wright socks are double layer so no blisters.
A beautiful decision by a beautiful human being in a beautiful world 🙂
Eva, you miss one the most important lessons in life. Regardless of whatever fake notions you place upon yourself, you only quit once in your life...when you're dead. Everything else IS just life; life at different levels. Peace.
Eva, you are a warrior!!! Sometimes quoting is the win! I’m happy that you do the right decision! Take care of yourself! Big hug from Austria!
Thank you for this important message. You have converted knowledge into wisdom. I wonder if you were experiencing altitude sickness. You were in the mountains. Your symptoms map. You did the right thing.
Don't consider it quitting, consider it pivoting. Silicon valley startups would follow an idea until the idea didn't work and then they would pivot and try a different idea and follow that until it didn't work, until they found the idea that worked. You're not a quitter, you're a pivoter. It's your time to be smarter. Pivot and learn, pivot and learn then Learn to succeed!
There is a reason the SEAL mentality is what it is.  It doesn't and shouldn't apply to how we do what we enjoy.  You were smart, you pushed yourself when you were at your best and when you weren't you listened to your body and did what you were supposed to do.  That trail will always be there.  Glad you're feeling better.
Eres una persona increíble 🙌
Come on Eva you are a human being , an incredible one, but even those super Heroes who wrote those books are not infalible. It's ok , it happens and more challaenges are ahead., You can even return one day and finish that trial. And TBH you didn t look Ok that morning, luckily you decided to quit otherwise you could have risked something more serious in your health. You didn t look in the right conditions at all. You did ther RIGHT thing. and after this natural and normal quit, now you no longer feel "ashamed" about quitting and accepts it just happens ! It's only a round, you will keep winning the fight. and i tell you something else: thanks to publish this video because keep saying the messages never quit, go ahead until the death would be a bad messages for all your followers. it's not about being suicidal , but to survive and keep doing things, stepping back sometimes is PART of these things. We are all humans after all,come on. You did the right thing.
you are strong Eva. And you make me feel stronger in my weaknesses by showing yours. <3 thank you
omg - just looked up that “endurance fuel” and it’s only 300 cal! no wonder you felt so weak, you must’ve been operating at a HUGE caloric deficit with such low-calorie food and expending so much energy on running with a heavy load. good for you for knowing when to turn back to keep yourself safe👏
This is nonsense.  Only a dummy goes into the woods with the itinerary you had with little training in running with a backpack.  Your symptoms were simply exhaustion related.  Not unexpected - no drama - no bad luck.  Good you quit but stupid to put yourself in the position where quitting was inevitable.   What if it had rained??  Running alone in the woods for multiple days without planning for contingencies (like an extra day or two out) is selfish and dangerous.  Did you have a satellite phone in case you broke an ankle?  You arent to be congratulated for this trip - you should be scolded.
I don't see why there's any shame whatsoever in turning back when your health is on the line. Rather than pushing yourself into serious injury, you made the right decision. Hundreds of mountaineers have been forced to turn back a few hundred meters from the top of Mt Everest. Nobody likes it, but it's better to stay alive and maybe make another attempt when the time is right. And stop calling it "quitting". It's not quitting, it's simply making a sound decision. BTW, don't leave the bear spray behind next time! There are no grizzlies in Washington state, but black bears are no joke either.
Eva you have Nothing to be ashamed about, as you have No training for this type of Hiking, just take a DEEP Breath!! BUT you did get experience at what people talk about in Preparing Properly for Anything and what they Meant, By Practice, Practice, Practice!  At least You Tried your BEST, and didn't Copout, as you used Common Sense! Hurting yourself would have Proved Nothing.. The Navy seal training is just that, They Have trained for many Months and Years, That is what these People mean, AFTER YOUR TRAINING, Don't Quit! 👍💯☺
I am an older woman still learning life lessons from you . thank you
A good decision Eva good decision
Why you're not switching, at least for the adventures, for much lighter GoPro camera?
You might have gotten a bug from the water you consumed from various creeks.
Well done!!
My YouTube channel will help you❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Nothing wrong with quitting. we all do it, learn from it and do better nest time. Cheers
I am glad you logically thought about the situation and came to the sensible conclusion to turn around, you can attempt the Wonderland Trail another day. Remember Vilk needs his mama. I wonder if your water filter failed and bacteria and/or pathogens were getting through into your drinking water making you sick. You may consider adding water purification tablet to each liter of water you filter. Consider skipping the gels, endurance energy powders, etc, try real food, peanut butter, nuts, oats, dried fruit, honey, chocolate bits, etc, all have nutrients in addition to kcal you need for trail running. It did not look like you brought enough food for even your planned trip, always bring a few extra days of food in case you need to extend your trip, in case you are injured, in case bad weather hampers your progress and you don't make your expected km per day. To lighten your load consider skipping the tent and just bring the waterproof rain fly for your tent and an air mattress and sleep on the ground. Leave the tea kettle at home, just bring the cup/pot for the stove. Leave your wallet home, just bring your ID. Leave the coffee home, caffein is a diuretic, it makes you urinate out more water leaving you less hydrated than you think. Stay safe
This is just so....... incredible. This girl could be a character in The last of us  games. Also I've been thinking about moving to the Pacific NW and after watching this I'm more inclined to do so.
I am happy to see that you quitted this time. I'm proud of you. But more importantly who am I to be proud?! It is that i think I saw a part of myself in you. Definitely I am not as strong or as persistent as you but for the part of this video that you showed the quitting moment , well yeah that is the part for me to see you are real. You are your real self. We can trust you and you are not an Alien or something. So let me say as someone who knows you from time to time I am proud of you because all the things you are sharing. Go get it girl. Even if it's some important lesson about quitting or timing or anything. Wish you all the best.
This hike route is not going anywhere, anytime soon. It will still be there, when you are ready.
Hi you did the right thing turning back, it was clear to see you where not well , your health safty and well being are the most important things and you can always go back and do it when you feel better and stronger , so be proud of yourself you did the intelligence thing bless you  , stay safe I hope your well now , take care 🙏⚘️
This is one of the most inspiring and honest videos you have made. Your words helped me as I go through challenges
Consistently Pray for forgiveness, guidance in a good (positive) direction, and for help against evil. Pray to be saved from hell  (whatever that may be). Pray for your friends and your family too, it only takes a minute or so/less at a time to pray. Do it and your life will slowly get better, or maybe quickly. It probably just depends on you and the kind of person you are/have been. Don't wait until its too late and you have to suffer the consequences of built up bad karma from immoral acts/unrepented sins. Maybe together we can help make the world a better place by changing ourselves for the better, and changing things around us for the better. And addressing/thanking the CREATOR, LORD GOD at the beginning and end of your prayers would be a good idea 😊 Or just be my friend if you don't want to say the prayer 😄 I'm trying to help you get right with the LORD🙏  Amen.  You should prostrate yourself if you don't want to do spoken prayer, or do both☺ Please worship the LORD GOD and not any idol. 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Well done , you have to know your limits & your limits can change due to different circumstances. You stopped at the right time , as doing another day & then making yourself I'll , would have been a major problem , further into the forest & further to turn back . Always listen to your body , it'll never lie to you , if it says stop , you stop . Great job , you live to fight another day , nothing lost. I've learned this through my own life experience, doing a lot if sports over the years has left me with knee problems, if my knees are screaming , no matter what I'm doing , I stop . Onwards & upwards , back to the trip with oddesy . That journey is difficult enough without pushing yourself harder , when you're not putting in the miles on the road , you need to relax , there's only so much the body can take , stop flogging the horse , let it rest & recover
You are absolutely an inspiration and good luck
I'm really happy you quit. The most important thing you learn throughout your 30's is to know your body and ALWAYS listen to it. You only have one of it and it needs to last as long as possible. Navy seals are soldiers representing a capitalist country who wants world domination. Forget them... They aren't humans who want to live on earth, they are machines who want their country to be in charge of the other humans.
Without doubt your best and most valuable video to date.  We all love following your amazing adventures and journeys, but this one says so much about what is really important in all our lives - the learning of knowing what is right for us as individuals and not following someone else's idea of what is right.  It's a huge message and some people never learn it, which is usually damaging in the long run....people letting their ego rule what they do or don't do. Getting through that stage and moving beyond ego is the key for all of us......nothing stays the same and we all have to adapt to circumstances, not just blindly push on in some false egoic mind set. So loved this, watching you grow as a person and giving so much to us viewers in so many ways.
Completely relate to your situation that so many times I also want I can speak to someone
Congrats Eva, you did well, you did what you had to do. At least you can try again, what wasn’t sure if you had keep going. Love you.
lol
I'm a lifelong Washingtonian.  Mt. Rainier is my backyard.   At about the same age and on the same stretch between Longmire and Sunset I was hiking with a heavy pack for a 10 day attempt at the full wonderland trail, when the tendons in my knees became so painfully sore and my hiking buddy was so exhausted that we had to sleep on the trail and then rest a whole day before hiking back to west side road and then hitchhike back to Longmire.  It's a brutal mountain.  Those tall ridges were literally formed by fire and ice during an eruption in the last ice age when the valleys were filled with glaciers so the lava had to flow around them up on the ridges.  More importantly when we are at certain stages in life we SHOULD test ourselves and if you haven't figured it out by now the point is to learn your strengths but also your limits.  Never stop doing that.  :)
You did the right thing, especially hiking alone. You have nothing to be ashamed of. What did you do with Vilk and do they make freeze dried dog food?
It takes great strength and character to come to this hard conclusion. I am so proud of you for sharing this powerful journey with us! You're awesome and I admire your adventurous spirit and sweet, positive attitude along the way. You're no quitter, just getting smarter, more mature and better at reading your bodies signs. Way to go Eva!
I really admire you, Eva. Not only because your videos are captivating and very well made, not only because of the wild adventures you are living, but also because of your authenticity. You show us your uncomfortable emotions, your doubts, your struggles - as well as your achievements and happy moments, because they matter as well! - and that is very important.  It was brave of you to have started running this beautiful (and hard) Wonderland Trail, but it was also really brave of you to quit. Bravo, Eva.
Not surprising at all except for the fact it took u 2 days of contemplation to post it.
Brave Woman! May the good Lord protect you
I could never compare with your resilience that's why my deepest respect for this project.  I've learned in my 45 years, knowing your body and mind is a strength, ignorance is weakness.
Way to go Eva, you did the right thing! You have already achieved a lot and travelled across the world. We already know you are capable of moving mountains. So take your time to relax and recuperate. Success is not always making others happy, sometimes it’s about your own well being.
This was one of the best YouTube videos I’ve ever watched. When I first listen to what you were going to accomplish I thought to myself is she really gonna be able to do this. I really was enjoying the adventure and the remarkable challenge that you were making. When I saw you starting to struggle physically and mentally before you broke camp I thought to myself maybe I don’t wanna watch. It was very painful for me to see you struggle with yourself and those old tapes that were creating so much negative energy for you. I don’t think that you fell sick by accident there are no accidents in this universe only lessons. To see you challenge yourself mentally and spiritually was so very inspiring for me to watch and reminded me of some of my challenges that made me stronger in my life. There were so many so-called great men in history that conquered cities but none of them had the courage to conquer themselves as you did on this incursion. I think there might have been a song written that said it’s not about the goal of reaching the top of the mountain. It’s about the journey. What you conquered Eva was much greater than your original goal. Thank you.
When I read the headline I Quit, I was worried you were stopping YouTube videos. Don't do that to me, I would miss following you on your adventures.   There is an old saying "For fools rush in where angels fear to tread". Your no fool so you must be an angel. As for the Navy Seal, in England we have The SAS, I read a book Bravo Two Zero. In it the Officer said that the soldiers he joined with were all like old men by the time they reached  their 30's. Hobbling having broke legs mountaineering or sky diving . So to come to your senses and stop and return to safety was the right thing to do. When you are up to it do a nice hike and show us and enjoy the scenery.
I hiked the Wonderland Trail with a buddy. We did it in two halves, doing the west side one summer and then the east side eight years later. We took a week for each half. It made the hikes entirely pleasurable because we had time to soak up the beauty and the experience. I highly recommend it.
Love your videos 🤩 And please don't cry. You are so brave girl. Please get marry if possible 😉 u need a man who will always  support u.
The one thing you really need & left behind is bear spray & a weapon.  Always pack extra water & food.  Yes, there are bears. When hiking high elevation you have to be careful pace yourself you can get elevation sickness.  Setting up a tent in the dark is not easy. You did a great job.  Quitting is beter then ending up dead. Pamela
Wisdom!!! Congradualtions on being wise.
There is time in our lives when think and feel the way of no quitting whatever we want to do. But I heard or read somewhere that we are are not perfect and that is what makes us human. I used to hard on me doing hours of exercise and punishing myself doing extra exercise if I would miss a day or eat food that I wasn't supposed to eat. But then the time came I got sick for weeks and weakness of the sickness kept me further away from exercise and that's how my self imposed egoistic rules got broken. I agree with your statement at the end.
You are amasing . You are not a quiter or a loser. You make right desisen . You make me to se the byutyful in Nature agen . I have ben scard to Walking in woods and Nature. I looking to your videos and missing Walking around  in Nature. You are my favorit . You are Naturely and say what you thinking .and You have a great maindthink abaot many things. Thanke you for shering your videos
Hej Eva🙂Jeśli Będziesz wybierać się na kolejną ,,przechadzkę,,⛰️🏞️ może pomyśl o zewnętrznych kieszeniach,takich mocowanych do ud... nie powinny być uciążliwe w poruszaniu się a i jakieś drobiazgi można też tam upchnąć...i coś podobnego do pasa monterskiego...można wtedy odciążyć trochę plecy. Kolejna lekcja za Tobą...odpuścić...może na zawsze,może na chwilę 💪 🐺🤤😂 👍🙃✨💚
Run forest Run!  This is magical, it's like looking into a mirror of another world, comming from a big city seeing this is beautiful.  Also why compare yourself to others when you can be you. Vilk adapted really quick when you said it's okay too quit :D
Omg whine whine whine🙄. Get your emotions in check lady
♥️👍
Did you have COVID-19? that was the symptômes when i got it .Good recovery
Were is your dog greetings from Holland
Eva I’m so glad you got out of there okay. Although I can’t help to think that maybe the reason why you got sick was because you were drinking water that’s not purified or at least boiled.
Ms. Eva, You are Running Your Pain Away Because You Are Searching 4 That Something Beyond This Life but All This That is Larger Than You is Already Within You, Thank You 4 Teaching Us All How 2 Survive Out There!  P. S. You Should Get 2Gether With Eli From Russia 4 A New Adventure!
Eva are you ok I was so worried about you! I was saying girl go back I kept telling my husband she needs to go back! I was just so worried. Huggles to you and that beautiful puppy.
You’re the best friend to have. Amazing person ❤
No bear spray in the land full of bears :O I know it's on a trail but being alone in this wilderness still would make me anxious
This was like the Blaire witch project. If you had carried on, your camera would have been your final record. The section of you walking, exhausted in the dark, over uncertain terrain, was frightening to watch. A twisted ankle was not worth the risk. I am glad you are ok. Best wishes.
Thanks for sharing the REAL! Under the circumstances you made the correct decision. There are times to challenge and times to listen/adjust.
you did the good thing. in the end, the body is the only thing that is keeping you here in this world. its precious <3
a pack does make it much more work for running that distance and elevation
Know when to hold em Know when to fold em Know when to walk away Know when to run
happy you posted this vulnerability and that teaches us humility and that life is a spiral and that we are human beings. Thank you for showing this to us..
I live near Mt Rainier and have done this trail many many times. It is a fantastic hike. 👍
dont care
You health and safety should always come first. You know your own body. It’s not quitting it’s protecting yourself. Stay safe x
13:27 What a view! Eva, thank you for struggling to share all this with us!
This really is a valuable lesson. Knowing your body needs rest and care is incredibly more important than winning for winning's sake. And besides these issues,  there were other positives came out of this. You got to see and share some amazing scenery and you had a great place to recuperate at afterwards. Well, I hope you're feeling better and you and Vilk are off on new adventures.
Eva, you don't run on the mountain, you respect the mountain or it kills you. You lost the plot, go back to Romania's countryside or a similar place for a few weeks so you can calm down. And don't do weird things just for views.
Stroopwafels are always allowed.
👍👍👍 you are winner !
Your Body should be the only one who tell´s you what you can or what not. When your Body say Stop it and Quit. Then you should hear on it.
Your channel is actually watching your spiritual growth ✨  Nice journey ❤️
Well, I had a friend who thought like you (You know, all that 'winners vs losers' crap), read hundreds of self-improvement books and saved for 10 years to climb Everest. And what happened? Well nothing, she just couldn't climb up, because her body and her mind weren't strong enough to reach the top. Everyone chooses their way, but when I think of my friend, I think she wasted 10 years of her life. Happiness does not consist in being a perfect and invincible super-human; happiness is found when you fully accept yourself, with your abilities and limitations.
You know, in life you get into situations where it's hard to decide what to do. Your mind dictates one thing, your heart feels another. I am almost sixty years old and whenever I have listened to my heart and not my mind when faced with a difficult decision, it has turned out to be the only right decision in the long run. So always listen to your heart, because the heart knows what to do. Good luck and friendly greetings to You and Vilk from Slovenia 😉
We are so proud of you ❤
This never looked for me like you were quitting but more that you were listening to you and your body. I was quite shocked when you started saying the word « quitting ». Love this story. So authetic. It reminds me of some of your older stories like the biking one.
I think this video is not about quitting but realising that the human body is not meant to run 150 km, it's an exhaustion to such a degree that it's really unhealthy especially on electrolyte drinks and foods lacking proper nutrition. The body reacting this way is just a natural consequence of you choosing to do something extreme and totally unnecessary which can indeed end badly. Always listen to the very quiet and deep voice in your head, not the loud one
One of my favourite videos 😊
Always carry your bear spray. I’m glad you knew when to stop. It’s not worth your life or health and you are not a failure! ❤
I gotta ask lol, do you have a firearm of any kind?
Congratulations, Felizidades, Gratulerer! 🎉❤😅❤🎉
Hi, love following you, why did you bypass almost all of BC in your videos?  Just curious!
Eva, I am an old school US Marine, and you are absolutely correct in that there is a time and place for stopping and turning around. It isn't quitting if your life is in danger. You did the right thing in turning back and not continuing on. What I saw in the video was classic altitude sickness and the only way to cure it is with time. I was born and raised in Colorado (6500 ft) and now live in Oregon (400ft.) My body adapts to the change in altitude very rapidly but yours obviously doesn't. always listen to your body as opposed to your mind. Your mind will tell you that you can continue while your body will tell you the truth. Keep making the videos real and your followers will stick with you.
You made the right decision. Keep your head up
Powerful message in so many ways.  I think the most difucult life lesson is LISTEN, listen your body, your body was talking you in the whole Journey and you did it.  No matter, your words hit me personally in other aspects. Thanks Eva.  I watch you for your way to live a freely woman who can make your life as you want no matter what world "stablish" for females.  I admire you in many levels. But the most importqnt lesson is recognize when whatever life style is not for you and listen yourself and change your mind and  life when is necessary to beign yourself.
it wasnt because you are not a man wtf lol, you are a female, we are different
You do the best you can, be true to yourself, no matter what that choice is ❤
Forgive me if I’ve already posted the first part of this message. I would love to do what you’re doing, with a few differences. I would use an RV and I would stay longer at each stop to work on my paintings. I do love the way you put it all out there, being honest and vulnerable and not glamorizing your journey. This also serves as a warning to your fans by showing that it is tougher then they might think You mentioned the rear camera. I’ve always wondered if it is worth it. You could potentially tripling your intended distance.  Have you considered using a drone for the B roll?  You could either place the drone manually or fly it where you want it. You would fly it back to you. This would also give many options for these shots, like from the sky looking down. Or flying towards you then swing  around to face you. Or take in the scenery or flying through the landscape.   One last suggestion. You are very professional your videos could easily show them on commercial television. Perhaps you could sell PBS some of your older video. Your American journey would be perfect.   My apologies if any of this sounds like mansplaining. You are the SME and I’m lucky if I know 5% of what you know.   Okay, my ADHD is showing. I really like your natural look. Why torture yourself with a razor, plus you save the pink tax. You do you’re amazing as you are and know one has the right to tell you differently.
You are being wise. Knowing when to quit is the best and shows that you know what you are doing. There will always be another day.
At the 27:40 mark, when you smelled the food, and, made the face, knew you were feeling bad. No shame in your game girl. You did the right thing!
Did you quit or did you reach your limit. EVERY human being has a breaking point and it is unwise to go past it. No, you are not a Navy Seal. That is fine, I don't want to watch that. I want to watch a pretty girl living an adventure. It is OK to push yourself a little, but don't push so hard that your adventure ceases to be fun. I DO worry about you at times because every time a person goes into the wilderness they ALSO enter the food chain.
Well done Eva. You did not look your usual raring to go, self. Always listen to your body. Hope you are feeling better much love x
It''s  ok.  Sometimes you get sick.  Happens to everybody.
this is product of STRONG INDEPEDENT WOMAN, only family can fulfill your happines
Well done for knowing when to quit. It a strong person to know when to stop. You did great to get as far as you did. Hope your fully recovered now. You are a real good role model to others who may not know when to quit and  may end putting themselves and others at risk.
It's really great to see that there are landscapes, places where humanity is not safe.  No!  that you don't need to be safe, wishes you success.  You are organized and know how to respect nature.. you get to feel, see, experience, learn it 🍁🍄.  Nature is the boss, hopefully man will never tame it.
You didn't quit Eva.  You still completed another journey.  You simply modified the route based on real-time circumstances and sound risk management - which is what all good explorers do.
Ain't no shame in your game! Better to have tried and do your best than to never have taken the first step.
Getting around Mt. Rainier is an accomplishment.  Running it is just dumb.
Let’s all quit.  First, quit Twitter.  Next, quit watching World Cup.
Dehydration causes loss of appetite, nausea and headache's. Slow down and regroup, you only have one body, don't waste it.
Wow!That was scary!u made good decision Eva!I’m glad u went back safely.Stay safe on ur travel ❤🇵🇱
Eva, you are a beast--but a smart beast.  Good for you trusting this decision. Allow yourself to change and try a gentler pace in life.  xo
Eva, as a retired US Marine Gunnery Sergeant, I can tell you that there’s a huge difference pushing through pain and illness in combat and when training or competing.   I was concerned at the beginning of the video where you were mentally already debating whether or not to go. It was your mind and body telling you something was up and that you needed to rest.   Better to rest and recuperate to fight another day.   I had plenty of times where I was both in  physical and combat training that I had to pause. There’s no shame or failure there. Monitoring your body is part of the training.   And those videos you have been watching are from people who live and breath training for war. It only recedes much later.   So, first, you are hard core and everyone knows it. You have nothing to prove. Take a little break, regroup, and when your mind and body scream “off your @$$ and in your feet!” then you’ll know you’re ready.
Eva❤ I can’t even walk around my neighborhood without hurting! Lol , you are amazing. You are lovely without being a ironman🎉 Well done. Not stopping when you need to can mean bad trouble. 😂🎉❤
I cannot imagine anyone watching this and thinking less of you for "quitting". It seems to be that you got exactly what you needed from this experience despite it happening differently than you had planned.  Once again thank you for sharing your life Eva, you are amazing!
Może było by lepiej gdybyście razem szli ten szlak z psem? Możesz nauczyć wilka noszenia specjalnego plecaka, myślę że gdyby sam sobie niósł karmę to nie musiała byś jakoś ekstra się dociążać. Psy całkiem dobrze sobie radzą na takich ścieżkach, jeśli nie używasz typowej techniki wspinaczkowej na szlaku. A wszystko robisz dla siebie w pierwszej kolejności. Ja bym nie próbował nawet ;) P.S. doczytałem informację że psy nie mogą po rezerwatach śmigać
I’m so glad you decided to go back, you listened to your body and that’s all you can do. It actually shows more strength about turning around. I’m glad you’re okay.
I wounder who keept an eyе to Vilk while you were out alone for a few days?
Love your lifestyle especially your courage Eva. This video would've been a total loss if you wouldn't have shared it with us. It adds so much value to your channel. Thanks Eva,  thanks for sharing your life..
I think you were suffering from High Altitude Sickness to be honest
Sees this huge stack of plastic with food inside it.....  All I ever take hiking is a can of peanut butter and a spoon. (As it is Winter and there is little vegetation a longer trip also needs fiber to avoid bowel problems, but I would have to be in the store to think about the best solution to that.)  Peace, Shawn Paul Landden
This made me think about the book into the wild. Sure you could push yourself to the extremes and adopt the mindset of “no turning back”, but when it comes to life or death decisions, you have to ask yourself if it’s really worth it. Thanks for sharing this video. Very inspiring to see vulnerability embodied on YouTube in this way💛
Great job. U didn't run, you did a military ruck... inspirational...and you did more in one day than most do in a lifetime...you can always get redemption...so go for it.
i LOVE this video of all the videos!! I for one don't think you are a loser or a quitter at all. YOU are NOT a quitter. I don't see anything you did as quitting. I see it as you going as far as you know your body will allow and being smart to assess your situation using your amazing instincts and experience. You completed an amazing journey. You created your own stopping point...your own finish line for this particular trip. YOU ARE A FREAKIN' BAD A$$!!!!💗💗💗
Do you have locator beacon/satelite beacon  for lost hikers?  Watch David Palides" lost 411"
It's incredible how you can motivate yourself for doing this (or all the other crazy things you did) just by yourself. Done a few crazy things myself (mind you 🙂really back in the days) but getting myself pumped up enough just to get started, was Hard. Once we were like half an hour in, I would get into it but still ... taking step number One is the Big Deal. Being like 61 right now and - luckily - I have a lot of reeeealy good memories (mostly, the Alps, rockclimbing, alpinism and a few good and really high bouts in Nepal), I think your adventures are unique (and I'm bl**dy jealous 🙂). Anyway, what can I say, keep getting out these beautiful inspiring vids - for me as an old coot just to enjoy ... and be bl**dy jealous - but hopefully for a lot of other people inspiring them to to dare and embark on this kind of journey ... give or take 40 years, I would be inspired as hell !!!  My deepsest respect **bow**  EDIT: Typos first  ... but ....I commented on the first 3 t0 4 minutes into the video ... Lessoned Learned after that are incredibly good!!! To be honest, I like this because it's Honest. Know when to turn back ... there's always the next year ...
Eva, warum tust du dir das an ? Nur um zu zeigen, dass du es schaffst ? Was machst, wenn du dich verletzt und nicht weiter kannst ?
I’m so glad❤
Quitting is not giving up. It's taking the time to find the right path to reach your goal. I've got so much respect for you Eva. You made the right call.
Someone said altitude sickness, my thoughts when watching you. Thomas Heaton, the landscape photographer, got altitude sickness, really badly on one of his trips, Himalayas I think. He had to leave his party, and return to a lower altitude. It's quite dangerous he said. Take care.
Eva I don’t comment often on any videos but I felt compelled to tell you it’s all good 💕 there’s a Kenny Rogers song that comes to mind ” You got to know when to hold’em , know when to fold’em , know when to walk away and know when to run. ❤️
🥰
You can do it, your strong woman ❤
126
To be honest, I'm here for the Dog, Vilk (I think his name is). I'm a dog fan but my current situation doesn't allow me to have one.  So more Vilk please. I like the roaming geography, too. But in truth,  I'm not a camper, and your roughing it is not a great draw for me. I'm a city scape person, I like ancient ruins, interesting architecture and museums when I'm on vacation.
As one of your new subscribers, my thinking is, this trek, allowed you to learn a lot about yourself.  You should be proud of yourself for making the right decision.   Unsure if it was a 'flu' or what may have caused you the symptom's you had, but with it, you chose correctly, and should be commended for turning back.   I know you enjoy the solitude, but having a partner of some kind with similar abilities, may have helped, especially with the video portion, as it uses up valuable time and effort, yet we are all so thankful of that time, yet realize it's possibly part of what tires you over the day of running/hiking.  Knowing myself, this is not something I would do personally, as I know my limitations, and my age reflects that it would be silly to do it.   VERY much enjoy your video's though, and being new...have a long ways to go, to catch up from the many you've made previously.   You chose well, and that last 'climbing into bed' must have felt SO good at the end of the video.   Be safe, enjoy every day to the fullest!
Great video as always. It must have been tough on you, but in my humble opinion, you made totally the correct and sensible choice in turning back. Glad that you decided to keep the footage and put the video up.
I attempted to hike a 200 mile trail this year but had to quit about 70 miles in because my knee started hurting quite bad which was kinda random since it never happened before. Second to last day I thought I'll have to crawl the last few meters to where I was staying for the night. Once I reached civilization I made the decision to quit while I can because not only it wouldn't have been fun but also dangerous to continue. This decision felt like crap at the time but after a while I was like why did I even think to continue lol.  So yeah can relate somewhat.
Please include unit conversions!
When in doubt of something, stop it, better safe than sorry - or it would be too late to regret. You made the right call.
hi eva! your video about “quitting “is a real good one! very interesting-how you share it all! knowing to quit in the right moment is ro bo clever! and to be aware of tour body and mental atate and resoect it-meaning respect the gift of life!  you did manage 100 kms of wild natural beauty!!! big bravo to you you are top model of bravery!!!
I really enjoy all your videos Eva
Wydaje mi się że na takich trasach wystarczył by Ci iPhone albo jakieś GO pro do filmowania bo lustrzanka jest za ciężka.
OMG you inspire me if you do or do not meet your challenges xx
Before the NAVY Seals we Marines did it all except swim under water and being young we push ourselves hard because we could not quit. Now that I am 80 i have long since quit a lot of it only because my body will not keep up with my mind. I still ride a bike 5-10 mile a day because bad knees put a stop to long walks and running. You are doing a great job love your work, but do yourself a great favor and stay in the comfortable camper and do short runs.
I can't run 30 mins, let alone 30 miles xD You done great!
Piękna przygoda! Już sama próba podjęcia takiego maratonu jest super zwycięstwem! Nigdy w siebie nie wątp :) właśnie za tą prawdziwość ludzie Cię kochają. Dziękuję za tą historię!
You shouldn't feel guilty, just listen to your body. And trying to do over your limits in the mountain is just silly and dangerous. Good choice, you are getting wiser over time.
be happy and make people you love happy is the only thing to be proud in life,i think.... a big hug and greetings you and all peaople follow you from italy!
Their is a difference of pushing yourself to do better, and pushing yourself to far. You know your body. You even said something doesn't feel right. You did the right thing. It is better to admit defeat. Then putting yourself in a dangerous situation, and potentially somebody else in danger because they have to save your life. Be proud in what you have accomplished, and your personal growth. You did not fail. You have grown.
To me, always pushing yourself is like bringing the worst of the urban career life into nature. Being in nature and obsessing about how many km you still have to make distracts from actually BEING there. Why does everything have to be "achieving", why not just do what comes naturally? Walk as much as you want, run as much as you want, only go as far as your food and energy last. After all, you'd still be on the freaking WONDERLAND TRAIL! WHY IS THAT NOT GOOD ENOUGH? WHY IS THERE SOMETHING TO PROVE? All the tough guys you hear about, there are always others that are TOUGHER. "Quitting" only has a context when you're doing a job. This ISNT a job. Whatever video you get is enough. You just need to know how to recognize the end of your trip when you come to it. And ultimately you did. Congrats.
Powerful message. I was concerned your trip through Alaska was about the destination not the experience. But then I reflected on the small experiences I've had (they are nothing compared to yours).  For me, I've had experiences I didn't enjoy at the time (the destination was the sole goal). However, even these experiences I look back on with great joy.  I think the message in this video puts into context a wise and mature outlook against extreme experiences few of us get to enjoy. It is also an important life lesson about evaluating what is truely important. Thank you for posting and being so honest!
Thank you so much for uploading this video ❤
Great video. You made the best choice: quit. After over 25 years in the Army I learned the same: it's ok, you know your body best, no need to push push push. Thanks for showing this learning experience.
8:31 Which why making a video is so hard. You have to walk the path twice. A drone is a better device because a drone can follow you and land where you are. Keeping batteries charged is the hard part and the reason you carry a power station that is heavy.
Eva, it's not "quitting", it's a "tactical regrouping". Imagine what the consequences could have been if you quit listening to your body and kept going.
Eva, your one brave and strong lady. Never ever be afraid of admitting defeat. Your health is very important.  You can always regroup amd try again on some other trail with more of a food supply and more gear than bare minimum.  There are no shortages of mountains to over come and conquer.  All the best 👍 👌
Thats ok your health is more important.. remember health is wealth you cannot survive if you ar not healthy..please take care Eva...sending hug and love from Philippines 🥰🥰
Hi Eva, the "quitting is for losers" thing is as long as you don’t mess with your life. Everybody need challenges in life and try to reach the goals, but you have to be reasonable. You are intelligent and I think you know this. Maybe there’s something in your life you need to figure out before you make any decisions. But that concerns you and only you. You go to the extreme, beyond the extreme really.  I run every day. And I fully understand the need and how good it feels to do it. I have been running for more than 30 years and in the last 3 years, to give you an example, I have not stopped more than 4 or 5 days. I go out every day. That´s my goal.  But now I don’t run like I used to. I run less distance because I just want to enjoy the route and stop sometimes to contemplate the valley. As soon as I saw you with that kind of weight, it was obvious you wouldn’t be able to make it that far in three days. Also, you’re not eating well. The food you’re carrying looks like it’s processed.  It can do more harm than good. Anyway, I hope you’ll be better soon, physically, and above all mentally.
You are totally awesomeness. Thank you for sharing your life. Always follow your gut feelings when red flags are waving all over, then heed those flags. As a retired SOF soldier, know when to fight and when to run. Winning the battle is never as important as winning the war.
You knew when to turn around and that shows the real courage you have. 😘
Eva please, quit, I don't feel comfortably seen a woman who complain for everything and cries, go and be pampered for your boyfriend or family, the only reason because I've seen yor videos is because I'm fallen in love with you, with how you look, your eyes, your body, but your videos and your attitude sucks.
Do you know your altitude at end of day one? It almost sounds like you had inadequate blood oxygen saturation. It would fit the symptoms. So would dehydration but you looked like you were drinking something at each rest stop You made a hard but correct decision. Anything else would have been reckless. The mountain will always be there.
Love you as always ❤️ big fan
you took to much comfort gear. a sleeping bag with light tarp maybe a change of clothes, one cooking pot, and need food (most that can be eaten cold) after all its only 2 nights. enjoy your work
I love you're taking your vivos 😊 I don't use them for running so far, but I love hiking in my Magna Trail Vivos so much!
The smart thing sometimes is knowing when to quit!  When distracted with pain or illness you could make it much worse. You accomplished more than 99% of the population.
do that crazy stuff while you are young
I thought the whole story was awesome! An adventure.  I was watching you thinking," She's crazy"! I was also thinking about Mtn lions and Sasquatch.🤔😲 And where was Vilk? 🐕‍🦺 It never crossed my mind that quitting was a bad idea. It was really the only decision. This is a great story. Thanks for taking the extra time to film it.
Aviators have and adage : " I prefer being on the ground wishing i were flying, rather than being in the air wishing i were on the ground ". Many pilots have foolishly forged ahead with tragic results ...  You have chosen wisely to fly another day ...
I have never been a runner so I don't get this ultra stuff or the need to put your body through that...and like you said "what's the point". To me the hiking experience is to be in the moment of nature and the here and now of that hike...it's about the in-between not just the beginning and end as the goal. It seems like you learned a lot about yourself on this hike. Enjoy your next hike and enjoy the in-between.  I am glad you listened to your inner voice because it is always right.💖
¿Y porqué no te pusiste como meta recorrer el trayecto en solo un día y sin agua? 🙄 No digo más...
It's great that you are wise enough to reason through decisions even when tired and in pain. When support isn't at hand, a plan to retreat after one thing goes wrong (and doesn't resolve) is smart (before a 2nd thing goes wrong). Being remote and alone is in the high consequence category. It's similar to aviation and ocean fishing. Vessel captains always have a plan to retreat. You push when nothing has gone wrong. You don't push when remote and alone and the 1st thing has gone wrong and cannot be resolved. // This adventure was a success! Many people do not connect well to reason when they are worn down.
It makes sense it's great you had the option you should enjoy the fact you made a correct decision. It makes us appreciate you more that you weight your options and don't let ego control you.
Where is dog?
With the back pack being heavy could you carry a bag on your chest or hip to take the pressure off your back?
If you had encountered a wounded soul far along the path, one who needed to return for their own safety, you would have walked with them back to that place. To me, that's exactly what happened; you saved a life and were reborn in the process. Doesn't sound much like a quitter to me. It sounds like compassion, presence and listening to your own deepest wisdom.
Eva after watching your video I remember a few lines,"sometimes we choose a difficult path only because we feel that I order to attain important things we need to choose a difficult path,we think it's important to punish ourselves but why can't we choose a simple path what's wrong with that ?? Especially when you are not ready to face that difficult path?" By the way great content keep uploading!!🎉
Bloody well done........
I think you can be unapologetically ambitious, and play the mental game of " not consider quitting an option" ( how else can you achieve extraordinary things)  and at the same time self aware and reasonable when you realize that you are getting yourself into an unnecessary risk which is beyond reasonable. There is no contradiction between the two.   The fact that you needed to criticize the one so much to support the other, and even adding that little sparkle of " bad masculinity" on the former, suggests me that this one did indeed hurt your ego quite a lot more than you suggest and instead of just telling it like it is, which would be something like " I bite a little too more than I can chew" you went on a hunt against competitivity and self challenging which to me makes no sense.   Also, the reason why someone who works as a SEAL should better have a " never quit" mentality should be pretty self explanatory 😅  Having said that, glad you made the right decision and you seem to have well recovered by now.
Eva, you put a lot of effort into making your videos and you ought to be commended for your hard work and dedication. The places that you film are truly beautiful. Kudos to you!
Meh. Sincerly. Meh.  :) But interesting trail.
One thing those "Motivators" don't tell you, it's that everybody hits their wall in life. Some keep pushing through because they're crazy/driven others listen to their bodies and reduce the stress. No shame in stopping early.
Running on vegan diet  especially in mountains can bring disaster to your body. Na takiej diecie długo nie pociagniesz.
You took the right decision, respect.
This is a great example for everyone and especially experienced people who are overestimating the basic human biology. My dad always said- if you have doubt, there is no doubt
You didn't quit your smart .. you did great!
💚💯
Love your videos.All of your subscribers are very glad you turned back your safety is more important than risking your life.
Thank you very much for having added French subtitles. It’s rare and give greater access to your creative contents. THANKS !
You need a solar backup will help with a charge
There is no shame in quitting. The shame is in not trying. You did the right thing. Best of luck in your journey. I love being along for the ride. Stay strong
and not taking bear spray.. i'm so in awe of how you're okay with the thought of bears around you.. how do you deal so well with that fear?
Hey you have one purpose in this world and that is to survive.  It wasn't quitting, it was surviving.
Eva you are really inspiring, there is a real wisdom in listening to our bodies that are the medium in wich we are able to move in this 3d world, so we have to take care of it and listen to it ... and doing it public  is the best example you can show, for the people to see that life is unexpected and we can only go with the flow and accept the things that are good and the things that are dificult. Hope to see you in Costa Rica!
Respecting and honoring our boundaries is a massive success in itself 👌 Like the Norwegian saying "There's no shame in turning back" especially when out in nature. You set an example of that 💚
You are a brave woman to have started this and when you knew you should go back, you did  it. What you've learned how to do through this  is to learn to see and tell the truth. You're learned a valuable survival skill and approach. You didn't fail. You won when forcing yourself to go on would have been the true failure. You aren't a SEAL. Don't live as though you were!
You are the best. We all love you Eva!!
Life isn't about finding out how tough we are, or being a winner or loser. It's about being flexible and adaptable enough to survive and hopefully thrive spiritually no matter what we are faced with. And you have proven to be successful multiple times in these aspects.
When I was scuba diving I made the decision never to break 100 feet, my deepest dive stands at 94', my reasoning is and always will be safety and discipline. Long story short because I'm pushing 70 and it would take to long tell my story, so I'll leave you with this. Don't use the word "Quit" or "Quitting" use the word "Abort" because that's what smart people do! Be Safe!
Thank you Ewa for that video. You took a right decision. You are OK and you are over it. You are young, strong and clever and the whole world is open for you in the future.
Beautiful as always. There is no giving up or quitting in what you do, you are amazing always. Absolutely well done in what you wanted to achieve❤❤
I am not sure how high the elevation when you got sick. Altitude sickness I have got when I tried to get to the top of Mouna Loa feels the same
Eva... if an ankle got turned on that second day... at a distance out that was life threatening... This video doesn't make you seem ANYTHING Other Than SMART AS HELL!
where is the dog???🥲
Dear Eva sometimes it is very very wise to quit and it need more mental strength to do so! Bravo and all the Best to you!
This is not Quitting..  It is taking responsibilities, being safe and taking the wright decisions. That's make you stronger. Navy Seals code and in dire situation, yes never Quit to survive.
It is one thing to try and push to reach an objective but if a cliff is in your way you do not push over the edge. Knowing when to stop is being wise not defeated.
Loved the video! No shame, you are an amazing athlete. You got sick, that was not your fault. I’m impressed how far you ran. That was amazing!!! Glad you are feeling better!
I was so confused by this episode. It seemed out of sequence. Where is the vehicle, where is the puppy, no explanation and no transition was explained in the video. I thought this was an old video from a long time ago. I was confused until reading you comments.
Ya lo dijo no sé quién: una retirada a tiempo es una victoria  En mi caso renuncié por dos veces una ruta en ascenso durísima por el desnivel y sólo eran siete horas en total.  Tu has hecho muchísimo más y corriendo,  no creo que debas sentirte mal en absoluto.  El cuerpo que es más sabio que uno mismo te ha hecho regresar por el momento.   Las montañas no se van a mover de donde están,  ya lo volverás a intentar, eso es la vida. Gracias por mostrarnos momentos que TODOS  absolutamente tenemos. 💚🍀
if you quit, well, that's it, you quit...far to common these days
Live to fight another day. Take care and keep calm and carry on. 💪
As fantastic as you are, if you're body is telling you "Danger" listen to your body.
Human you are !! This human will follow!!!
Congratulations you are growing up and starting to live your life no matter what others think; if you continue like this, you can become happy or something worse :).
Wth dude 🤔 there is no crying in hiking 😳  You still got my attention with that no shaving at all 🤐🤣👍
You made the right choice. you don"t have to be superwoman, enjoy winning, enjoy not winning, enjoy your life what ever you do. Thanks for sharing your adventure and heart.  a partner or companion might be a help  in the future , but both can be hard to find i know. take good care of yourself. God bless.
Thanks Eva, thats amazing that u shared this with us. We are all humans, we have to quit when it is necessary! And to learn to trust our body! If u listen carefully, your wise body will advise u the best
Thank you !!! For this.
You are a warrior and a very strong young lady. You need not compare yourself with Navy Seails. I can tell you that you overestimated your ability to do this in such a short time. And you did not bring enough food to make this kind of grueling hike. You need to eat 2500 to 4000 calories per day. It was a great video, you  certainly Showed me how tuff you really are.. one more thing  Don't ever try something like this alone again. I felt your pain 😔  Sincerely Creg
It's ok Eva👍💖🙏
Here in Norway we have these 10 mountain rules. One of them is that it is no shame in turning back. I think that is a good advise.........better safe than sorry.
Wonder how many vids you’d get in a van life ‘I quit’ playlist? 🥱
Sure was smart you turned back!  Whether you had some virus or just too much elevation gain, there is never much sense of putting yourself in danger without good reason.  Being macho is not a good reason!  And, remember, you have Vilk to think about now!    Mt. Rainier and environs is a beautiful place!  Am glad you got to see it!
Been watching u all your adventures.... ur incredible..
Have you been drinking the stream water without boiling it?  Giardia and Cryptospiridia are 2 protozoans that may exist in the stream water here in the usa from beaver and deer pee.  You need to be sure you are purifying your water by at least boiling it.
we are hyman. not machines ..so this is life...blessings from Sri Lanka....(we see world through your eyes...)
Congratulations, hard lesson. Thanks for being brave and sharing!
That was bad ass
these videos are awesome, thanks.
you a best
Also again the toughness of your feet is just amazing. I can barely walk around barefoot in my front yard and here you are hiking kilometers without shoes.
A wise decision you made Eva, glad you're feeling better
You're amazing, if a little CRAZY!  Always trust your instinct. Filming yourself in the bath made me laugh.
😭😭😭 Thank you thank you thank you. 💕 For being brave in all you do. For being the one to stand up and say it’s ok to quit. I agree with this so much and it’s never seen. You are a blessing to many. 🙏
Your always be the most brave lady I know Eva! Keep moving forward
You are truly inspiring! Your trekking quests are educational and will probably even prevent loss of life or endangering those going out to perform search & rescue.  Hopefully you have a place to stay for Thanksgiving, we're probably to far away being down in Tennessee but, the door is aways open to you! Take care. Rgds Si
Always winning is not real life. In order to stay alive, stay true to your values, or to not loose the war by winning a terribly costly battle is not wise. Sometimes quiting is the best that you can do. Sometimes quiting in the long run will create better results than winning. The final results are what counts. Always look to the future, don't get too involved in the present, & don't live in the past.
Why not bring the dog with you and let him carry his own water and food for your safety .. morning sickness maybe your pregnant?
"The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep. And miles to go before I sleep. And miles to go before I sleep". But in the poem, he was a doctor making a midnight house call. You are one cute and tough chick, on a vision quest.
I believe you should always listen to what your body is telling you. You made the right call Eva.
Be free, Dear Eva, but please never be foolish. It's not about "better", it's about wisdom.  Also please don't stress out your heart, solo.
There is a time for everything in life. Attempts can be made over and over again when the time is right...
A dog is for life, not just for YouTube.
Oh you are so strong! Specialy because you grow how you do:) so good how you share the facts about your Expirience, thanks a lot! Is a true and honest prave Story you are telling. I realy enjoying your Videos, specialy since you have your Dog and you share more all facts about travels 🙏🏻👏🏻 continue how you are and what you wanna become🤗🐾👣💚
It was a good decision to quit because at the end of the day it is the decision which matters the most on the mountain. One bad decision and you are gone. Well-done to you.
Typical millennial, crying looking a free handout and sympathy for doin something you clearly were not prepared to do go home and get a job
Go for it...
You are smart. You have to do what is best for you. No one is going to blame you for it. You have to be safe. Take care of yourself.
Do you have a list of the gear you used. I was wondering the hiking pants you had on with the great pockets and the Patagonia burgundy coat…(fleece)…?? And what shoes did you have on…??
don't think of it as quitting but as a lesson in life. life will always bring you things that make you think of being a quitter, a loser or a failure. you are a strong woman and will be able to make the right choice and your body will be telling when and if you're able to continue. i hope when this was filming you didn't get the flu since this is the time of year for it. continue your journey and be strong and god will have his hand on you.
Thanks for this wonderful video. A learned something now.
„Don‘t quit, quitting is for losers“ is such a toxic sentence that needs to be deleted out of people‘s minds.
Such a wonderful lesson learned. Thank you, so much, for being vulnerable and sharing the lesson with all of us. So proud of you,  Eva ❤
You did the Right thing. Being sick in the middle of no where with no back up. Very little gear. You could’ve Died if you continued
wise thinking . quit when it is meaning less . enjoy the hike and stop smell the flowers
You don’t have to care about anyone or any book tell you quit make people look weak. Mountains is always there, just compete when your body and heart are all ready.
Eva you are a real inspriation! Thank you for showing so much facettes of you! Thank you for your openess, but please never think that you have to show us everything, it is your life and your experiences! You are amazing! 💕💕
Thanks for all the times that you run back for the camera!
EVA,.  Thank you for making this video.   To save a life is the work of a winner.  You saved your life.  You are a WINNER !!!!   Enjoy your life.
You did more sick and alone than most people could. really amazing actually to not be feeling ok and know you have 30miles to run/walk and not just absolutely lose it and it's not quitting because you got yourself to safety and actually didn't need to be rescued or call for help. Awesome, good job stay safe.
Beautiful post.  One bit of advice— when you layout your tent, put your back pack in it while you set up and it will not only keep it from blowing away but then you are prepared to get inside if it is raining!
Using sound judgement is not quitting. I’m sure that the Washington State Forest Search & Rescue Service would agree.
You're  just awesome,  God bless you 🙏
Good on you for doing this video. You did a great job of showing the emotion and difficulty, along with the realization that it's OK, and even necessary, to draw the line.   And Vilk's answer at the end... Priceless! 😅  Looking forward to the next video. Stay safe and well! 🤗
Great Video....  Thank you for sharing.... I was yelling at my monitor for you to go back.  Sometimes the planets don't align.....  It's part of life, and life is about the choices you make and how you make them.  You made the right choice.  I'm proud of you!!!!  Nino Arzon - Dallas, Texas.
You did the right thing FOR YOU. That’s all that matters.
We have a lot of big predators in the US, this solo camping stuff is not the way to go, granted your fit and kind of experienced, but this is really poor judgement
Influenced by "Guys" - it's White Males' fault
Thank you for showing us know that it's okay not to succeed every time. And in turning back, you succeeding at realizing you can't do everything every time. That's a definitely win!
Gaining wisdom in older age is a definite  benefit  to time
This part of the country is not nice to people that are USED to living here, much less someone that's inexperienced with the area.    We rescue people that are familiar with the mountains that get in the same situations.  Altitude sickness isn't fun.  Good job for listening to yourself.
29:50. Incorrect assessment. You have food and supplies for two more days.
Definitely the right decision to head back.  Hopefully you felt better after a day or two in bed.
your new level of slow, is my level of fast : )  well done it was hard work
Well, you didn't quit on safety and that is much more important.
You are gorgeous and perfect just the way you are! I am glad that you quit and gave us this lesson!
Finding your boundaries is not quiting...that makes you strong and beautiful for your decisons, what ever comes in the way. Sometimes you need to say no and that no will make everything easier, when you know your onest limits. You don't ever have to feel a shame for that or explane yourself. Testing yourself is only way to find that out. And in the end...you are that only person that need to know it...everybody else will see it and feel it. You will enjoy so much smaller things when you start to see them. That needs somethimes to slow your pace...travellers for life. You are beautiful the way you are and to become💞
The first lesson for a mountain hiker or climber is to know when to return. Everything else is just stupid.
I don't understand your point of view. We all know that we should always push our limits. My question is at what point we should push? I can understand your risk-taking examples, may encourage women, around the world and makes you famous which I appreciate. However,  you are too merciless to yourself.
A right and wise decision.
Love you Eva..... proud of you!
I think people like David Goggins have made a lot of harm (although also good in other ways).  It's good to push yourself and try to find your limits, but one has to know how to listen to one's body (or mind) and stop when it's too much. Also there are situations, illnesses etc. That are outside of our control and we also have to take that into the equation when taking decisions.   In this case I think you made the best decision by far, it's not a failure, it's a good learning and a win. You challenged yourself, you got to the limit, and after much thought you (wisely) chose your health over your pride. Well done Eva, there will be a lot more opportunities to challenge yourself, don't worry.
Really good decision on turning back after you felt sick. I wish you once again you will make it with all these learning you got it. It is not quitting, you have learned it.
You can definitely suffer a medical emergency by pushing yourself too hard when sick (and especially feverish), so yeah. You made the right decision.
WOW!!   What an achievement!   I think like this… you never quit, instead you had to handel an ”emergency” situation, you managed to solve it by your own skill and strengh, you never called for help, and you still finished 2/3 of the planned distance…. Thats what I call success. You are one brave women.  You can be/ and you should be, proud of your self.  Thank you for sharing. And by the way, I think the mountain, and the trail, will be around some hundred more years :-))
You are so BOLD and STRONG Eva don't loose hope , continue never ever give-up
ya you never know your limits till you reach them and admit it
The life gives us the best lessons!.. not books. Yes quitting is the best decision sometimes!. But we always have to listen that voice witch come from inside us!.  That is the right thing to do!.
There are always two voices in your head.  The first one is your cheerleader and the other is the quitter.  Your normal conscious mind can provide the logic you need to balance the two.  We all have a tendency to justify our decisions, regardless of whether they support our goals.  However you came to your decision is immaterial.  The main thing is you are satisfied with the end result and felt comfortable with sharing it.  That, in and of itself, shows more strength than any physical triumph.  Congratulations Eva!!
❤❤❤
I see strength and an unimaginable amount of courage and brains. You are tapping into your intuition on such a deep and beautiful level… that’s a gift, a voice that many don’t honor or listen too. I breathed a lot deeper when you made the wise decision to turn back.
On my first 100 km trailrunning event i had to quit after 80 km. I felt bad and i started crying because i quit (i normaly never cry) 😌 but after some time it felt like a lesson i had to learn.  The next 100 km was beautiful and it felt like nothing, so don’t be so hard on yourself. We have to accept our failures and embrace them, because those moments are allways there to teach us something.   And by the way you started really quick 😊 take it easy.   But after all that is why we run ultras to push ourself to the limits and sometimes we have to accept our boundaries.   Cheers Eva
Always take care … feel better soon ❤️🙏🏻😍
You did what was right for you that allude that if you didn't train for Wil make you sick that's why mountain climbing they take osjon tanks with them so don't fill bad just papper your self next time and do it again good luck with next step
Altitude sickness
Im so, so glad that you chose to go back because id much rather still have you out adventuring than suffer some life altering condition, die out there, or even just suffer not seeing Vilk for whatever time is needed to recover. This was strength, this was force of will, this was staring down parts of yourself and deciding, for yourself whats good for and important to you. Im glad you did.
Your best one yet ❤
Your amazing love your videos
You’ve just confirmed what I had in my mind for years. Life is to live, not to compete❤
Not to quit is for losers!
It was a smart choice to turn around, glad you did. Thanks for listening to your body, your gut always knows the hard truth. Massive self growth and discipline takes this kind of realization and then acceptance. Keep up the amazing journey and thanks for taking us along 💙
It is not quitting, it is stopping something that was negatively effecting you.  A good choice.
Eva what ever you do you are my Icon, I would really want you to take a break and give time to your self, Love you and prayers for you, Stay Blessed and prosper always amen
I REALLY LOVE YOU
You're amazing Eva! You gave it your all!! That's all you can do!! Keep on keeping on! You're a beast!
Really proud of you❤
Where is the dog? Don’t go leaving him behind, he’d love to join you.
What a huge lesson you (and I) learned from this experience. Thank you for sharing! 😘
Eva, I enjoyed the video, I’m glad you chose to return. Knowing your limits is important. Having to carry all your food and gear, and committing to such a strenuous solo run is much different than running the same thing in an organized event where there is support along the way. Not to mention filming yourself at the same time would have added more distance (and elevation gain).   I feel that this video was valuable to many of your viewers. Thank you for posting this one.   Looking forward to your next adventure.
Hi Eva, Thankyou for such a poignant video.  May be think of it as a " to be continued trip "? Your health is more important. You have achieved more in your time, than many of us can aspire to. Keep safe and well, and happy travelling..
Well done
150 km running is not healthy.  Not quitting when you are sick is even more bullshit.  Be a wise woman: don't sabotage yourself.  You quitted because you still have some thread of sanity inside of you.    Good girl.   Being alone plays mental games on you.  Sure there are books out there that tell otherwise. There are weird and unhealthy people out there 🙂 Do you need this self validation?  Is it not just enough to be yourself?  You have travelled the world and that is enough to proof you are a strong woman.  Eva... you hate the fake Instagram life... And you think of deleting footage of you quitting because of your physical health?  No body wants you to do that!  Be you.
right choice. good stuff.
You made the smart choice turning back. Just because you didn’t make it this time though doesn’t mean you can’t make it. You don’t have to give up, you just have to prepare differently. Maybe just walking it with some of those lightweight high calorie bars is doable. You get about 2,400 calories per pound of bars and no need to carry cooking equipment. 7 pounds will keep you satiated for a whole week. That way you can take rest days if you need to or just go at a much slower pace. Definitely electrolyte powder for your water is a must. Bear mace at least for bears if not a firearm is also a must. Jogging it puts a lot more strain on your shoulders and increases the likelihood you’ll sprain your ankle. You definitely don’t want to be out there alone with a sprained ankle. I’d also make sure to have a sat-phone just in case you don’t have cell service and need to make a call. Two flashlights are a must as well just in case one breaks or stops working. The power bank was a smart decision as well. A couple of signal flares and a first aid kit would be nice to have too just in case. Other than that you just need a tent, sleeping bag, and maybe a large brimmed hat so you don’t get sunburned. Oh, and definitely a few pairs of socks.
You did the right thing.
Doing all of that while recording aswell, is Alottttt
Who took care of vilk?
What a nice A-Frame house 😍
You are a winner not quitter. You are the best
Thank you for sharing your journey!
Mother Nature will kick any bodies ass. I hope you are armed?  Bears will eat you. No joke.
Eva, you didn't quite, you used good judgment. You are still amazing and to be looked up to. Good judgement can build one's confidence and you instill this in others.
Sometimes its the best decision to let go certain things. You didn't quit. It is just what your body not deserved and demanded. I acknowledge you hard working @EvazuBeckOfficial. Stay Strong.
I think you planned it wrong in the first place. 35kms a day would've been plenty. It is way over what most people can do, so in my mind is also considered ultra, and would have given you an extra two days to run the trail.
Great video 👍 trust your gut, I have had to rescue a lot of people that made poor decisions. I’m a alpine climber and rock climber , I don’t know what altitude you’re cabin is at but I’m thinking on the mountain, the altitude zapped you. Even experienced climber can have problems on some days.
🖤🖤🖤🖤
how about getting a job?
I appreciate this video.  Be well, and take care of yourself, Eva.
Gratuluje rozwoju. Wspaniałe i prawdziwe! :)
Eva, I see you're not only doing the videos but are full of lessons. You didn't quit; you changed the strategy!!
The doing is what counts. You stopped at the right time for your health. Maybe you hadn't fully recovered from that 50 miler, hard to say. But you are not a quitter,you are an adventurer. Stay warm and safe Eva. Snuggle with your Pup during the long winters nites.💜💜💜
Fretting over the weight of pajamas but brought a giant DSLR with you. 🙄
I wonder if you feeling sickness is due to the water from the streams you have been drinking, is your water filtration system reliably, what type of system do you carry? It doesn’t look like a good system the way you have to push you filter down into the bottle to filter you water, I would recommend a Katadyn water filtration system, it is expensive but it is worth every dime and the filter is the best on the market.
Yeah, I see by the other comments that pretty much everyone recognized the truth. Your life could well have been in danger if you had kept going. What you did was a really tough challenge. You did that and you finished that. I just think you underestimated the amount of uphill and the weight you were carrying. For a realistic chance to make the distance, you needed half that weight, which means you needed to do this in warmer weather. So, the conclusion is, you made a really good decision in turning around AND you SUCCEEDED in covering a respectable distance in 2 days and you really pushed yourself. When you look at it that way, there was no "quitting", there was living and winning. Thanks for your inspirational videos. Thanks for sharing the fun with us. Thanks for sharing the reality of the hard times with us. 😊
You can train and learn to push yourself past normal limits. It's another skill to relearn why those limits are there in the first place. They are to protect yourself from harm. Leave yourself enough in the tank to extricate yourself from where you are. If something is off trust your instincts.
That was a good call on your part a true definition of a STRONG WOMAN!!! I believe this is why humanity survived all these years tbh!!!!🔥🔥♥️♥️
Check out matt graham's video on running the Colorado trail un supported. He lays out gear lists. Also just a cell phone and go pro. Good luck👍
My motto is “no pain is no pain” but then I’m three times your age (68). Love your vids.
Eva, I'm proud of you
I totally can relate to this and had to cry cause it is indeed so hard to quit with the mindset of "quitting is for losers". You can be so proud of yourself!! You did the right thing!
Although you did not finish, you did succeed in my opinion. You found inner peace by accepting the fact you didn’t finish and admitting it.
Where is your dog?
there are so many comments here that i agree with and feel the same way, so i can't add anything new but please eva know that we all love you and would watch literally anything you give us, thank you for showing us this video, you will always be a super-human to us 🥰
Lots of good information about how to take decision on tough situation, yr decision was right to quit for more everlasting adventure. Thanks for sharing.
that's like 3 marathons in 3 days!
Excellent and intelligent decision to turn around.  However, with the greatest respect, you had set yourself up to not succeed before you had even left.  The fundamental reason Seals can test their limits: they know those limits, and plan around them, at times to extend them, at times, not, and that when one does choose to extend them, one expires fuel at a rate far quicker than it is replenished and plans accordingly.  Clearly altitude sickness did not help, but if you find yourself rationalizing food and pace, it's a good clue to stop and reevaluate.  So, in true Seal fashion, you did not quit, you discovered very useful information to help you plan accordingly should you choose to try again.  This is not a failure, it is just one stage of a multi-stage success if you choose to try again.  It is a success, just not in the means you had hoped.
How much did your pack weight?
you are a brave girl,keep it up i have enjoied ypur travells your frustrations,your cry has remindid  me of my youth travelling by foot in the mountains of East Nepal where there was no roads for cars busi it was only your legs. God bless,where is the dog?
Glad you listened to your body and stopped when you did. Your future you is far more important than finishing this one adventure.  Thank you for sharing your adventures for us to enjoy.
I love your videos, I find them super inspiring ✨
This is actually a really great video, good job out there. ❤
I truly enjoy the way that you put your thoughts into words.  They all seem so well crafted.
I wonder how much extra distance and time  you added because of the filming. Setting the camera up, filming the scene, returning to the camera and packing it back up.
knowing when to quit sometimes takes more strength then pushing yourself to move on. Watching this video I'm sure most of us were talking to you thru our devices saying "just turn around Eva!" Nobody that follows you will ever think of you as a quitter. Be safe
Great video. You help many live life through the videos you make on YouTube.
Elevation/altitude sickness? Not sure what your elevation was when you started to feel ill, but it's not uncommon for people to experience similar symptoms at higher elevations. Fatigue, nausea and vomiting are all indications of altitude sickness and you should be heading to lower elevations as quickly as possible.  Pushing on when experiencing altitude sickness can be very dangerous!. How did you feel when you got back to lower elevations? I have to say I cringed when I saw you using your Grayl as a hammer. The filter element is in the bottom of the filter and is sensitive to impacts which can cause the filter to fail and allow contaminated water to enter the drinking vessel.
Fantastic video and brutally honest narration. You should be proud that you listened to your body and not your ego. You still did a huge 2 day run and you can leave this one to come back to at another time. You probably didn't realise it, but I think you may have had altitude sickness.
No bear spray????    I would not  travel pacific northwest mountains without it?
Watched this with my daughters to teach them to know their body and limits. It's not quiting when you chose a different path to protect your health and wellbeing. That's being smart!  Thanks for sharing this.
Woman of steel 🦾🦾
Not only do you run the distance but you run parts of it twice (thrice actually) lol. You get to a spot, put ur camera down, then run back from where u came from so u can film yourself running there again! :d Edit: I wrote this comment before I noticed you actually mention this in the video. :]
Where is Vilk?
💪💪💪❤😊🎉
better to do and regret, than no-do and regret......yet, regret is entirely overrated and a waste of time! I'm old enough to have called off an adventure whist underway, and having called-off so many times, I've realized that quitting is just another outcome in the range of possible outcomes - and I don't beat myself up mentally for it at all - as it's not a big deal - it's actually quite relieving mentally.   The trying is the fun part.   Pointless exertions are entirely....pointless.   You're beginning to see that now.
Listen to your body signals, that's my motto I follow.
Congratulations … You didn't quit, you readjusted your plan to suit your circumstance. Well done for having the inner strength to do that. Don't know you, but proud of you x
this reminds me of when I visited Norway a couple of years ago and I (very much untrained) did a bit of a hike. The views were gorgeous and I could see the top. But I just felt... no, it's better to enjoy for a bit and get back down, instead of 'having' to reach the top. It felt like one of the most powerful moments in my life, there, almost at the top of a small island mountain, completely alone in Norway (bar some locals training out there)  It felt so powerful to be able to say to myself "no, I don't have to do this. What I have reached is beautiful and powerful, this was it, now it's time to go back"  Quitting is not always a bad thing. It means that you were searching for your limits, found them, and respected them.
There's always a choice and I guess you did the right thing for yourself. Power on!
You are amazing  Listening to what your body needs vs what your head wants is not always easy.  You made a wise decision!  Thank you for sharing!
This is not quitting.  This is being wise.  Live to live another day.  Thank you for sharing your wonderful journey.
Your young and I understand but that was so foolish. You risk you life by getting eaten by a bear or some bad person getting you. I hate to see you all do stuff like this. Way to risky.
I definitely don’t agree with the word quitting in this setting. You didn’t quit. I think you are managing your health and safety. Yes the goal was to finish, but the goal was to finish in one piece and alive and you did that. You stayed alive. You certainly attempted more than I ever did. I admire this accomplishment so much!
Eva, you are one tough trooper, you have my total admiration and respect. Next time before you leave on one of these difficult treks, eat a couple cheese burgers, and bring a couple with you, you'll be fine.Intense influx of protein and B vitamins will shore you up, keep you strong and able to recover on those more difficult legs of the journey. My vegan daughter in inlaw recently ran her first marathon and  a little more than halfway through she had to give it up, and still has not fully recovered. Those eyes placed in the front of your head signify ...predator. As beautiful and gentle as you are,you are, and will always be an omnivore, and by nature, much more bear than rabbit. Hang tough, I love watching your videos and seeing you grow as a person. Experience is truly the best teacher. Yeah, probably not a good idea to take advice from Navy Seals, their goals and intentions are much different than yours.
I bet you have done an Ultra Marathon!      Must be in great shape!  Thanks for Sharing!
Just how you managed to document this ordeal. I’m so jealous of the great and strong person you are.
I don't see you as quitter, you did the right decision to go back then you feel not weel to continue, I think you had been stupide if you had persist, you is yourself any more you need to think about Vilk also, he can't take care of himself if you will be sick. That is to be strong to realize you most set a limit for the time to be.
This was a strong and glorious video. In the best meaning  of the word, I am proud of your archivement!
Persistent targeting unrealistic goals is already a sure sign of failure. A failure of poor judgement and mental inability to correct it. So do not worry. You have done right thing.
Absolutely fantastic, thanks from Seattle
We'll get to watch more of your videos because you did quit on this one. There are several people who did not quit who were later (sometimes months or years later) found in the woods. Weighing everything in the balance and concluding that turning back is the best and safest option is the mark of a mature intelligent individual. Hopefully viewers will see this and take your lessons to apply it to their efforts.
Eva bravo!!!!!! I agree with you totally!!! Thank you so much for the video!!!
Taught yourself some limits didn't ya? Isn't it funny how out intuition can just knows when we have a bad idea?  Thanks for sharing, couldn't watch the entire thing but it's a bit too personal atm 😂
Proud of you!
I am torn between being impressed with this woman and her strength and drive, and seeing the level of self absorption and reliance on social media for self worth that have turned us into the horrible society that we are today. Something kind of gross here for sure.
Just follow your heart coz it knows better than you thought.. learn to follow the nature coz we are nature too..  Make mistakes but don't regret. Learn from it.  my 2 cent opinion..
Dear Eva, thank you for this nice video, in fact we really prefer things real instead of your image... take care, there is so much value in taking care of yourself....
I would try this loop again, but hiking at your own pace with Vilk :-) and enjoying the surroundings/nature. Would add 8x32 binoculars.
you ever see the guys that hit their peak in high school athletics vs the guys that didnt make the team??  Ya, Al Bundy should come to mind. you'd be surprized at where an individual might find a lasting motor-vation.
You make great videos, beautiful, inspiring videos. This one takes the cake because of your honesty. It actually makes me feel more connected to your adventures. I never give up but a few times I had to change direction. It is called the smart way.
👍
Pity myself,  seems amazingly beautiful landscapes but I decided not to watch this video which is just a stupid challenge. The great mountains view can't be appreciated while running. Is stadiums 🏟  for that purposes ahah.
Know your limitations,no disgrace in that.
Hi Eva, the one that you push your body  to the limits is your ego. But your have to listen also your inner being and your body. On the Olympics so many athletes prove that the body have no limits, but only in case when all is aligned. If your body need a rest and you push it it will make you ill so you can stop before is too late. I love Marisa Peer videos about this topic.
i used to do a lot of wilderness surfing until one day i realized how much nicer it was with someone else around. if nothing else but to cut my odds in half for a shark attack (or to bear witness to my demise and tell my mom?). 50 to 100 yards away is just about right. same with camping. now i feel codependent on people. LOL
You are certainly no quitter. You made the right decision.
Turning 72 I learned the hard way to listen to my body... not my mind and brain even though it's all one organism. There is a reason for everything. The body recognizes our limits better than the brain can. The consequences of bad decisions will be more felt on the body. So, always listen to your body first, and only then think about how to proceed. Take into account the fact that we can do less and less every day despite training. You don't give up... you get wiser with age. Congratulations on your decision to end that hike or race. Go slowly and enjoy nature. You don't need records and you don't need to prove anything to anyone, not even to yourself, and even less to apologize. I wish you all the best in the future and greetings from Croatia.
Great job Eva we really appreciate this video!!!
Knowing when to change plans because you attempted too much is the key to wilderness survival.
You made the right decision as you wasn't well always think of rescuers if they can get to you In time and it's a very reel case for an extra days food as big changes in altitude weather and health can all effect things and I'd have taken that bear spray
This video is by far better than all these "look what I can do and you can't" videos. It is authentic and there should be far more videos like this. Showing that acceptance can be sometimes a far greater achievement and should not even be called quitting, but simply natural and real. Life isn't always picture perfect, very often things do not go as planned due to various reasons. Yet sadly many "social media influencer" try to make it look the other way. Videos like this one make you stand out and special. Thank you for putting this out here!
@EvazuBeckOfficial wisdom is to know your limits. You took the right decision! If something happens to you no one will say you were not a quitter most people will say she was not wise enough to know her limits! So you did s great job!!
Wauw, you are the most amazing woman I know. I don't mind if you didn't make it. I think it takes a lot of courage to expose yourself like that. my deep respect for you. With love Bobbie
My friend don't stop you are the light that shine in dark places
I really do love this Video! Also your Words in the end, so true, baut also so hard to accept it
Good job beautiful girl👏👏👏👏
You are so brave.
MOST OF THE PLACES YOU GO, YOU WILL NEVER SEE AGAIN.  SLOW DOWN AND SAVOR THEM.  BESIDES, IT IS DANGEROUS RUNNING OR JUST BEING ALONE IN THE WILDERNESS.  I HAVE A FEELING THAT THIS VIDEO IS GOING TO BE ONE OF YOUR MOST POPULAR BECAUSE IT SHOWS YOU ARE VULNERABLE, NOT A SUPERWOMAN.
I felt guilty for wondering about Vilk as I was watching this heartfelt vlog, I see I wasn't alone.  You said you were tempted to not show this story, perhaps some of those 'strongmen' left things out to.  I'm sure your familiar with altitude sickness, but you didn't mention that as a possibility for how you were feeling. It fit mine.
DON’T ever leave the bear spray.
Dear Eva, just watched an old video from your 'cycling through your own country' and you memba, memba what your Granddad have written in his chronicles? You've read this out loud in your tent at day 6. You're amazing in every way! Keep up your good work and journeys 😘🙏🍀🌺🌼🌻
Mount Ranier is not nearly 25000 feet. Still a good climb.
Absolutely no shame in putting your health first, and the health of those that would have to come looking for you. You didn’t fail, you just didn’t get things right at the time due to health matters. You are one hell of a young lady, and an inspiration to others. ❤
Wonderful Eva, you are beyond the meanings of inspiration, courage and heroism
Thank you for this video. Too many people tout the never give up philosophy and not enough people talk about the necessity of knowing when to turn back. Whether it's listening to your body because you're sick or in pain or listening to your gut that a situation is too dangerous, it's important not to lose sight of that. No adventure is worth dying for. Better to turn back so you can continue to have more adventures than to carry on and end up dying because the situation got worse than expected. Things always go downhill fast, and something small can turn into something devastatingly large all too quickly. Additionally, it may not be only your life that you're putting at risk. If things go south and you have to call for rescue, their lives are now potentially in danger too. I'm so glad you listened to your body and your instincts. And, I'm so glad you published this video for others to see and hear that message. As you said, it's one thing to compete in a race with support staff nearby at all times. It's something else to be in the wilderness all alone. And, don't think of it as quitting. You successfully made it home in one piece w/o rescue. It just wasn't the exact route or timeframe you'd hoped, but it was still a success. Cheers from Maine, USA :) Paula
Darlin it is loud between your ears. I was worse at your age. Anyway the Buddhist's say it's impossible to recognize the sacred without friendliness towards one's self. It's plenty impressive what you've already accomplished. Now we're all guilty to different degrees of self talk but who's talking?. The degree to which we are actually just stillness and space terrifies our imposters our egos.
Excuse me maam, Why would you puick up a nice chunk of lumpy turd bare handed 10 seconds before eating some meal ready eats? You might of picked up bear grills corn chip beef sandwich.
You did the right thing Eva, and be proud of that. Look after yourself.👍
Thank you Eva, I think this is one of the most powerful videos you've done,  a very hard decision for you to make, turning around & going back but under the circumstances definitely the right one. Personal growth never stops through life , learning your own vulnerability, limits, accepting it & being gentle on yourself, for you alone is so important. These past few years I've been dealing with chronic illness, but listening to my body accepting the bad days & embracing the good ones has taught me so much. The days l can get out & walk my dog for 40 min in nature & still feel good is a great day! 🐶🌳🌤️ ☺️💜
As Clint Eastwood once said "A man's (or woman's) gotta know his/her limitations".... I'm ex-Army and it was always 'never quit'....but I did on occasion, to much derision by my peers...but I lived to compete another day. Extremely well done on your decision and it made the video a better watch because of that honesty. Vilk however, looked totally unconcerned! 😁
🙏💜👍🌸
So let me get this straight, “quitting” is running hiking 2+ marathons on trails with significant elevations changes while at the same time bing sick. Hmmm. Sounds like you are a slacker!  Right!  Everything you do is extraordinary and so is this accomplishment!  Bravo!
You're a winner, Eva. I admire you so so much! You're such an inspiration... And your self awareness is... I'm speechless! ❤️ Your body just showed you the way... and that's fine. It's just fine! Anyway the distance you've made is HUGE! sending a big hug from Polish heart ❤️
Taking a rest is fine 💯😴🚿🎉🎄🔥
Rub a little more dirt on your face for next picture.   It's obvious you did it for effect.  You are a self centered attention bottom feeder.
Eva, believe me this is one of your best videos. It was very philosophical and thought provoking. I got to learn so many things about life just by watching this video. Thank you
Duda: Musisz być twardy Eva: You need to be gentle  I side with Eva!
love the channel.. but man I’m getting tired of Youtube clickbait.. I would have watched your video either way because your content is great but so many channels are resorting to these click bait titles and thumbs..
Turning was back was the most beautiful thing you could've done for yourself! :)   Thanks for sharing this adventure, as well as your own beautiful insights!
The unbearable lightness of being.  If you don't set the bar high enough that you might fail you never find out how high you can go.  Muscle is built by breaking it down.  The road to success is paved with bricks of failure.   A few of the many amazing dichotomies of life.  I think you're doing it right.
It not quitting to be honest your body was telling you to stop for a reason there always a next time
You are powerful woman, and like you said, sometimes it's hard to admit we need to take care of our safety. Some things are just not worth sacrificing our health for ❤️
Ok… You just motivated me to get off the couch and do a workout 😝 Eva… You are my hero! Just putting that pack on and stepping onto the trail makes you a winner in my book. I’m with Vilk… lie down, take a nap and move on to the next adventure.
OMG. You are on the BBC news in the UK right now ❤️
Watching this in late November.  How old is this?  Obviously not on the way south.
Eva sweetie STOP! Just STOP, your health is not worth proving a point to yourself. I say yourself because this is a goal that YOU set. For those of us who follow you and admire you, there is no doubt that this is something you can do. Truth be known, it's only been a couple weeks since your last ultra and your body probably still hasn't recovered completely. Just give yourself some time, and now that you are more aware of what you will be facing you can be better prepared. 😁 Like for instance a smaller lighter camera. Granted, video quality may not be quite as good but on a journey such as this, your health is MUCH more important. 👍 BIG HUGS and much ❤as always! Hope you feel better soon.
Thank you so much for sharing. This has only increased my respect and sympathy for you 🤗
”I quit?” Really, you don t need click-bait for your subscribers, we already watch your videos... Do you want us to be afraid that you will stop filming your adventures? Pretty, pretty, pretty... misleading.
Dajesz radę :) większość nawet by się nie podjęła takiej samotnej wyprawy, jesteś swoistym natchnieniem na swoich "fanów" a ten film to swoista lekcja odpowiedzialnych wędrówek. Dopóki robisz to co kochasz jesteś wygranym. Pozdrowienia z Polski :)
I am glad you made the right decision.  There is no quitting in the way of being a looser because you didn't get your goal. You have to beware of your health... because we all want to see more Content from You. Thanks for sharing your Life with us. A lot of People, including me, are proud of you.
Very admirable and appreciate you deciding to share this video with all. Agree with your point of view on quitting when it's time to quit. This video reminded me of the song by Kenny Rogers "Gambler" listen to that song and it's very meaningful words
Navy seal mindset is for when failure means death. Recreational running is like training and doesn’t mean the difference between life and death.
Where's Vilk??
Dzieki Ewa! To było naprawde ważne do przekazania!
Quitting does make you a looser if you do this as a competition. You vs the trail. But ask yourself, are you running because you want to finish? I don't think so. Seems to me like you're doing this because you want to push yourself outside of your comfort zone. Outside of what is predictable, measured organized and planned. Seems to me like you do this to get vastly different experience from what you could do in your previous life. To escape what is "normal". And that you didn't fail. To fail would be to sit down and call a rescue team. You've set out to live on the edge, and you do that. To abort your plan because you're sick is not quitting. It's baked into process of living. If you ignore it, you will be educated by life in a very harsh way, very soon. :) Or maybe I'm just projecting... :) Anyway. Thx for your videos... They're reminding me of simpler days...
Indoctrinated by the marketing...story of our generation. It is easier to be fooled than to be convinced we've been fooled. Stay safe and strong. Cheers
Your best video ever 😊 This is also life 🇳🇱
Mountain sense. You made the right decision.
💕💕💕
While you are on a roll how the heck to you get back from Antarctica?  The last one I saw was you were on the mountain in a tent during a very strong storm.  You decide when you quit you just did not make it this time.  Enjoy the videos.
Don’t get abducted by a Sasquatch!
GREAT decision (under these circumstances!)
GI Jane
Respect!!!
It’s too much Eva it’s time to slow down slowly ❤
You better get your vitamin B and D checked or potassium. Your heart might be struggling. Time to get to the doctor
Always trust your gut.
This is the most touching and moving video that I ever watched on your channel! Sharing inconfortable feeling  or decision is never easy but so authentic. Thank you for having published this vidéo 💛
I have to disagree, you did not quit & that was not a failure. It was a tremendois effort & then a wise and sensible dicision made. It was a great learning experience. Certainly a sign of wisdom & experience. You absolutely did the right thing. That mountain is not going anywhere. It is there anytime if you want to do it, or just admire it from afar or just choose to do something different.  We appreciate your honesty & you would have hated yourself if you had deleted it.
It appears to me that you got altitude sickness. You made the right choice, going forward could have cost you your life. Knowing when to turn back is a survival skill. Well done!
your sick get better first
It seems like you could use an autonomous drone that could just capture it for you.
Well done both for choosing to turn around and posting this.  There's a big difference between just quitting because something is hard and using your head to make an informed decision.  You made a wise choice and many people would be well served to learn when to push and when not to.
I totally get that DONT QUIT mentality & How hard it gets when we imbibe ourselves so much in that philosophy. I felt it when you said You wish there was someone to answer you…YOU are so strong bestie. SO PROUD OF YOU FOR GIVING UP AND SHARING YOUR BEAUTIFUL JOURNEY WITH US. Stay safe & choose your physical & mental well-being over everything❤️
I can wipe tears on your eyes Ms. Eva...
Dear Eva, when you are competing against YOURSELF, or challenging yourself. You were faced with a conundrum! The decision you made, after debating the pros and cons, not only made you solve it, but presumably saved you from bodily or psychological harm! You've come out a winner, nonetheless, despite or because of quitting! So cheers, keep doing what you love but make sure that you live, hale and hearty, to tell the tale!!!!!
Most of us can't do a flat 10 miles trail lol
Knowing your limits, listening to them out of love for yourself is a greater achievement than going beyond your limits and following your ego! You are the winner, the most powerful woman!!
What about activities you and Vilk can enjoy together? One of my friends goes running with her dog in a harness and her dog in front pulling her along! It’s a sport called Canicross (a mix of canine and cross country)  she and her dog both love it! So that might be an idea. 😊🐾🐾
Your a smart and brave girl. There is no shame in being sick. So glad you are better. Your body is your temple take care beautiful lady. Love your doggie. ❤️
Hi Eva … I can’t add a photo of it but if you haven’t read ‘The Man ( woman ) in the Arena’ by Teddy Roosevelt … check it out. At 73 now I have been and luckily still am able to be ‘out there’…. Life presents problems along our journey at times but my motto is KEEP MOVING!  You did very well and you were very smart to have listened  to your body.  I’ve found as I’ve aged my body speaks to me more and it’s best to listen.  Take Care and…. KEEP MOVING!!!
♥️
Eva — you’re in such beautiful surroundings! I don’t get why you need to push yourself to the limit all the time! I have a friend who is a bit bonkers, she’s always running marathons, and she says she kind of has to for her mental health. I wonder if it’s similar with you? She gets very low if she’s not. But you are allowed a break!! 😊  Some challenges in life are necessary, I get that too! 😊🦋 But it would be nice to see you relax a bit more. And undertaking something like this alone obviously has its dangers. It’s incredibly wise to have company! And a comfort for your loved ones I should think!   I feel like this has been a bit of a difficult old lesson — you can’t factor in everything but if you get ill and you’re alone it’s not too clever!  On a personal note — I love watching your videos! I don’t have a desire to travel these days as I lurch towards my 50’s,  so I travel vicariously through you! But I don’t want to watch you in misery, nearly killing yourself for a challenge that in my opinion — you don’t have to do. I want to see you happier! Just being in the moment a bit, innit! 😊 why do you want to punish yourself — because that’s what this felt like, to watch.   You’re not a loser, these books that tell you never to quit etc., are absolutely ridiculous! There is no shame in turning back, as you acknowledge. What you have already accomplished is completely fantastic.!!  The people who fail are the people who push past common sense for their own egos — if you’re ill, you stop, rest, nourish your body and heal. They are the ones that will need rescuing or worse. Wisdom is knowing when to go and when to stop, and turn around. You’re getting there! Ego shouldn’t eclipse common sense, or listening to your instincts — not that voice in your head!   Also — I think you’d benefit from reading some softer reading material! 😊Definitely reclaim the softer part of you. You’ve already achieved so much. It might be time to sit down for a few days and rethink your goals. Do they allow for fun? Spiritual retreat? Collaboration? Rest? Watching nature? If you are constantly pushing yourself, you’re not in the moment, just enjoying the day, the surroundings. I’d recommend a meditation day just to reclaim your softer self a little! Just look after yourself a bit. 😊🦋🌷
And... SEAL training has a section where you stay awake for about a week straight, doing all manner of ridiculous things. You don't come out of that completely intact. To me, what that means is that anything that tests you to the full measure is nothing when compered to that. Skews your perspective.
Quite dangerous to hike that all by yourself.   anything can happen.    brave girl.
SMH not at eva jkust the fact that this video is on my feed when there is nothing for me to quit.
It was so painful seeing you sick. ❤️
Don't push yourself to the limit, we are just human, giving up sometimes will not make us less, at least you tried enough!!👏👏👏💪💪💪
Hi Eva! Its not quitting, you just made the right decision. I think you did the right thing. And publishing this video you made second right thing - to tell young people that they should enjoy life - but with knowing their limits. Thank you. And take care. With love form Czech rep., Filip
what an amazing journey
Eva you where real smart stopping your life did hang in the balance
Well done for listening to your body and doing what was needed at the time. Could have been dangerous to push on regardless of that inner voice. Huge achievement! ❤️
As someone in their late 50's who has been athletic my whole life, I can tell you that what has kept me at this level for so long is knowing when to stop! That is the single predictor I feel, that separates those who can sustain a healthy athletic lifestyle for the long haul! You most definitely made the right choice!!!!!
Hello Eva, I love to watch your videos. But something tells me you need some professional mental help/suport. Dont take me bad but It sounds like there is something you can work on about limits and why you need to push yourself to the limit. Only to think about. 😘
Maybe it's me, but a, "not a quitter" attitude is what can get you killed. I see it's more like, "taking stock" attitude. From my vantage out here is that you might not have had enough "casual" calories at altitude. Also, again, maybe it's me, but don't you have to do this sort of thing not only just about all the time but also at altitude. Doing what you did at the one day point was quite the accomplishment. Another thing to bear in mind is that we -- us out here -- are with you in spirit and at heart. We are watching for a reason.
I’m a pilot.  One of the things they teach us is aeronautical decision making.  Pilots are super type A personalities.  We want to keep going.  The problem is, that can get you killed. Weather, aircraft maintenance issues, our heath and mental state can all conspire against us.  The temptation is often to keep going for a multitude of reasons. In the end we’re the pilot in command, though. Sometimes the most responsible thing to do is call it quits.  Nothing is worth risking our lives or that of our passengers.  Similarly, it’s not worth risking your life in the wilderness for the personal glory of having completed a very difficult physical challenge.  Save it for another day.
We love you mate . Take love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩
. .m really admire you❤️✌️🍻Eva.. .when you're setup for something "you really up for it"! 👍❤️. . & you did it alone too"that says alot bout yourself which is really good /brave girl. .luv it & god bless ✌️🙏❤️
I like this video. Listen to your body and mind, check in with yourself and make the right decision. I call it self love.
'I grow'    would be an apt title to your video. Fantastic!!
quitting and failing is ok, that's how we learn, this will be an excellent chapter in your book!
I admire your hardiness in the woods and your wonderful adventures though sometimes scary.  Your sense safety is great.
My former boss does this kind of crazy hike and just hiked Mt. Hood (not sure if he’s ever done Rainer), and he said it was tough. (Like you, he partially ran and he did it alone.) He ended up being rescued from a night alone in a random parking lot on the trail, where he had planned to spend the night, by some other hikers. So, he didn’t make it, but he’s planning to head back (with a friend this time) to try again next year.
Turning back because it was the wisest decision to make and being kind to yourself are definitions of GREATNESS. I felt you so much in this video (and in every video of yours hehe ;)). Half in into the video I was like "go back... go baaaack" lol then ok relax, I saw her on ig yesterday so she made it lol Thanks for showing it so raw and real. And if someone wants to insist calling "quitting" well, I say let's normalize "quitting", quit what society expects from us and don't serve us anymore, quit not listening to ourselves and what our bodies and intuition is telling us so just we please society expectations, quit trying to fit in a box of ridiculous OLD-FASHION social constructs, quit not being ourselves, unapologetically. I'm soo inspired to QUIT a bunch of sh* after this video so THANK YOU for the inspiration!
You're doing something, even at the point of turning back that I could never do. I have respect for you. You remind me a little of Lara Croft except for the sexy bikini.
Such a weak lousy coward couldn’t finish what you started an punked out amazing achievement wow! 😂
true
WOW! POWERFUL! U have been vulnerable so many times and that's why I keep looking at ur journey. U r not "drinking the kool aid". Today's "influencers" have nothing based on u. U r listening to ur body and that is so important. God bless...
There is nothing wrong with quitting so you can live to fight another day. I actually think you more of an awesome person for admitting your not invincible.  Really great video content on this video.
gurl you didn't quit or give up, you were forced to stop because you fell ill, there's a big difference
We all know the real reason you turned around.  You were too lovesick for Vilk and felt guilty leaving him at doggie day care.  You just had to get back to him ASAP.  Good decision.
Closest thing to Lara Croft
You did the right thing Eva. It would have been dangerous to carry on. And you know what, it's a more inspiring story as a result. Too many YouTube videos are "Look at me doing something amazing". This video was "Doing something real". And all the better for it. Hope you feel better soon.
Not quitting is for when we try to pass courses that we want to achieve, the navy seal motto cannot apply to everything in life, in fact quitting can save your life. Know when to retreat, restock and go back harder… 😊
You just don't rest. We're human not a machine
FROM SURRENDER WE HAVE MORE OPTIONS    LOL   NO PRESSURE NO DIAMONDS
Looks like you could do with a smaller (lighter) camera. SLR's have their place, but I'd say an endurance run is definitely the time for something else. As well as my SLR I have a Canon SX740 HS which is an awesome bit of compact lightweight kit,  a mini-tripod could have been better too! Of course Go-pro's are a thing & I have one of those also, but they're more for people who are serious about extreme sports or conditions & want to record them, than people serious about photography/videography
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.  You didn't quit.  You showed maturity, knew your limits, and continued to live.  I'm not sure, but I think you were developing a condition called rhabdomyolysis (rhabdo for short) - this can occur from overexertion.  You were able to complete ultramarathons but not carrying all of that weight.  If it was rhabdo, it could be fatal.  Again, you didn't quit.  You chose to live.  You are a very courageous and strong individual.   Happy you're still with us.  Thank you for sharing your story.
Quitting before getting an injury is like... my main goal in anything I try. We have only one body, you know. But the rest of our lives to do adventures :)
What a great and honest video! You've gained so much personal growth through your adventures, but I feel you've learned even more through this one "misadventure". Completely different question: I've been wearing barefoot shoes only for 4 years (Is that what they are being called in English?) and I've been doing everything in them including hiking in every weather and lots of snow, but I've been looking for a good pair of barefoot shoes for  running. Yours look like they're the right kind for that. Can you please tell me the name of the brand? Mist of mine are from Joe Nimble and seem to have a similar shape, but I don't think I've seen yours before.
The right and the most intelligent desicion, be gentle.and kind tonyour self is the Best option always! Thanks a lot for showing us this video!
13:30: your hands are swelling because of the backpack.  The straps are compressing your clavicles and putting a bit of pressure on the main vein returning blood from the arm.
Her every time come video i like me
Quitting does mean you’re a looser if that’s the goal you set and you didn’t achieve it. Not everyone was made to be a winner.
Sorry to see how unhealthy you became doing something so healthy as running. But I wonder if the stuff you've shown us eating isn't the problem. Looks over processed and usually such stuff isn't food. Take good care of yourself and eat more nutritious food. Good health and longevity
From how you described your symptoms, it sounds like you were having issues with altitude sickness.  Glad you came through everything ok!  Good on you for taking care of yourself!
Thank you! ❤️
Where's pretty boy Vilk?
Quitting is knowing the limits and caring about those you will leave with the task of recovery .  I have vowed never to be rescued from a hill . If I ever need to be rescued I am doing it wrong .  A year or ago I did 56km , my first attempt was 42 km .. my second I trained for four months before hand .   That was my limit , 35 miles with 1000m ascent .   It is good to know the limits of what you can do as a human . It's the true exploration .  I got a type of sun stroke , because I stopped drinking fluids.  It taught me how important fluids were . Even though I was pissing like a race horse for the entire walk , the body wanted that water.  We learn from these things .
You must be the most inspirational woman I know. Well, don't know, but you know what I mean. Thank you for sharing your ups, downs and in betweens with us.
This almost turned into your own, Into the wild. I’m glad you’re safe and well. Btw, you didn’t quit, you had a day hike out of that place which was no small feat. You rescued your own self. And you had the strength to catch all those great shots on the way back. Most people would’ve quit those shots. I would’ve soaked in one of those fresh streams. ❤
The views on the wonderland trail look amazing, definitely a bucket list destination now! Sorry you fell ill but you definitely made the correct decision to take it easy and turn around. I wonder if maybe your water filter wasn't up to snuff and possibly caught something from the stream water? I have a few and it always a concern in the back of my mind if they actually work as the claim.
You absolutely 100% made the right choice, especially when you weren't felling well. I think that I can speak for everyone, we rather see you stay safe than having something happen to you. I can tell you from personal experience with SAR, that turning back was the best option. Sadly, I've worked several cases that had a different outcome. You are not failure! Don't let anyone tell you any different. Please don't listen to the trolls; showing you're emotional side just shows who you are as a person; there should never be any shame in that, ever! Hug Vilk for us all.
Some people try to swim out from the ocean shore as far as they can, just to see how far they can swim.  Then when they are completely exhausted they turn around and realize they have to swim all the way back.  Naturally they drown.
thanks for sharing this one! I think most of us should learn how to be kind(er) to ourselves in this crazy, hustling world... although sometimes it is through hard lessons... take care!
I am retired Army. When you have the mob with you like you do with the Navy seals you have the motivation to do anything. When you are alone you have only yourself.
People need to know their limitations.  You put not only yourself but others at risk when you don't.  Good on you.
My Aunt would love you, her name is Mary Nolan from Ireland and she is very well known bcoz she ran around the coast of  Ireland at the age of 60+, and then cycled it lol.  She has ran the New York marathon every year for over 40 years and just loves to run. I think she has even kicked cancers ass one time too. You're a strong lady like her!  And PS, can I just say you scrub up very well🙈, I saw a post u did where u were glammed up and I was like 🤯is this the same girl lol. Glad you turned around to live to fight another day 😉 take care x When u said even broken bones of the chance of death wouldn't make u stop ,it reminded me of a younger me. I'm still a total perfectionist but that's helped me mellow into my now job as a jewelery designer and I love it..  iv totally chilled quite a bit in my older age, and I don't think I'm as wreckless as I once was but I still love adventures. I really hope you are feeling better today as I write this.  I Chinese proved I love to say to myself is, the man who makes most mistakes grows to be the wise man.. so I tend not to look at my mistakes or choices not as failures anymore,an now I think of them as learning experiences lol. I really hope this is some consolation to you so you don't be so hard on yourself, you listened to your body and did the right thing Eva. Be good to yourself 😊✌🏼
❤️❤️❤️
Do what is right for you, but, please, do not denigrate those who are strong enough to NEVER quit!
If your body and mind  are struggling get home  asap  re do it at a later date rather be safe  than ending up in a difficult situation
Amazing Evaaa! 🤩🏕️🏞️
The fact that you were still filming while you felt so bad is just mind blowing. Thanks for sharing this lesson. You can be so proud for taking the right decision and listening to yourself 🥰
Glad you respected your body
You played this one in the only possible way. Thanks for mentioning where the dog was...
That's not Quiting, that's what I call smart decisions for Adhoc edge situations, Take care, loads of love.
I can only say:oao
While watching your video I thought: „Everyone has bad days. Our bodies are no machines.“ Then it turned out into such a BIG learning! Thanks for sharing this video with us and not deleting the footage, Eva! Being gentle with yourself is so important to find self-love. We live in a world where it‘s normal to be hard and mean with yourself. And can we acknowledge what she has achieved while feeling sick?! I couldn’t even run quarter that distance even if I had no backback to carry on! For me it‘s mindblowing. Thanks for reminding me what human beings are capable of and sharing all your learnings. ❤
Eva I LOVE YOU ❣️❣️💕💕💕🙏🙏🙏 you are incredible and brave. Quiting today is not quiting forever. LISTEN TO YOUR BODY.
למדת לחמול על עצמך 🌿
Eva, thank you for sharing your experience, and showing some light to the importance of "unfinished" hikes/walks/rides/swims you name it. I like to quit once in a while, when I really feel like it is needed. It spices up your life so much and that's what really makes you grow and eventually makes you also a better finisher. ❤
I can guarantee you that if a Navy Seal were to get sick....they would make the same decision.  You made the right choice. ❤
CC delayed for anyone else?
no need to explain . that was brilliant ! as I was watching - getting uncharacteristically engrossed - I thought ' whoa ! she's incredible ! and this is BBC quality filmmaking
Smart
At 16 years old I wrote in my mirror "Quitters never Win, Winners never Quit! Over the years this did so much damage to me, not so much physically but mentally.  Yes, I still use it as a mantra when needed, it has a time and a place! Now I look at the bigger picture and assess if I'm causing myself or others damage by being so tunnel-visioned.  The Sanskrit word Ahimsa comes to mind, a principle of non-violence to all which includes ourselves. Violence comes in many forms, not only physically but more often than not mentally.  Well done Eva, I think possibly avoiding the word quitting or coming to terms with its use will make your adventures so much more rewarding. After all, we are not all Navy Seals 💪
U Sensible. Tough cookie x Enjoy it.
You are not a quitter! You are strong and brave and clever enough to take care of yourself and do not risk your life. Maybe it was only the beginning. Maybe one day you will come back and have more luck with your health and make it then. And all things in life Happen for a reason. You can find also something positive in this story even though it does not feel like that at the moment probably. Thanks for sharing this amazing journey. It is impressive to see how strong you are. Physically and mentally. 🤗💪
A true life lesson Eva. There is no shame in knowing your boundaries when to stop. It not a failure at all but knowing when enough is enough is the safety measure.  Loved the vid and thanks for sharing. 👍
If anything Eva, this footage shows how head strong you really are, and that is a great attribute and life skill to have found.  Life is a big learning curve, sometimes we make the right decisions and sometimes we don’t. This however, was a decision that you needed to make and it probably saved your life.  These are never easy decisions to make, and sometimes play on your mind for hours, but I am glad you felt that you could share the video as many wouldn’t.  There is sadly a great number of people who go through life thinking that everything is rosey and fine, and especially on YouTube, where people post amazing stories and experiences all the time, and try to portray their lives as always perfect.  That is simply fake, and I have more respect for you as a person for sharing this video and baring your soul to the world.  I have been forced to turn back on several expeditions in the mountains, and although I was only walking and not running, they were either decisions made by my current state of health, altitude sickness or unpredictable weather. Never nice decisions, but the right ones.  Keep doing what makes you happy in life and stuff everyone else. It’s your life, and you are already living it to the max. Happy travels.
Compliment on sharing this with us. I am glad you took the responsibility, evaluated the risks and eventually quit for your wellbeing.
Pregnant?
It's fine. You made the best decision for you and that's perfectly okay. But I will tell you it's not good for your knees running with weight on your back. You may not feel it know but if you keep doing it, it will come back to haunt you one day. Stay safe and keep on keeping on. 👍👍👍
We have a set of "rules" (they are not legal law, just rules that to go by when trekking in mountains to stay safe) here in Norway for trekking in the mountains, and one of these goes like this: "There is no shame in going back." And if you ask me, it's one of the best guidelines to go by both when trekking in nature and in life in general. Because we often to fixated on the notion of push on and never quiting, but sometimes to move forward, get to the goal and come out on the other side stronger is to quit. So it's good you turned back and showed that there is victory even in quiting when it's the right thing to do. 🙂
Health comes first.
I'm so happy Eva that you entered into a new phase of your personal growth journey ✨ its part of life and growth, that we learn to make wise choices. You don't get what you want, you always get what you need (in order for you to grow). Calling quitters looser, speaks volumes of great ego. We should never put down anyone who tried. It is part of their progress to fail and quit many times. ✨🙂 🙏 You are awesome! From Hungary 🇭🇺
So powerful, you really captured the inner-struggle you were going through and got me all teary eyed - how very dare a youtube video do that !! A very special video, hope you got your strength back, much love  <3
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋😋
You’re first of anything a human being so it’s normal your decision relax and enjoy life pretty young girl! God bless you
Oh Eva I’m so proud of you. This video gave me anxiety! I’m not gonna lie… I was stressed seeing you crossing that river on that timber and watching you reaching the campsite by night.
You gave up because you don't enjoy it. Please don't rush by running this beautiful places and instead hike and enjoy by connecting deeply with the nature around you! 😘
So honest so raw, you have won because you have matured even Morel and become an even better person . And the bravery to make this video shows this. Just to add there were times in this video when I had to remind myself it wasn't a video found next to a body and posted by a friend!!!
Never give up, never quit it's for when your life in danger. When you're just leaving, quitting just might save your life! Knowing when to quit is the difference between a smart person and a dumb person. I'm the military for +20 years and when my life was on the line there was no quitting or giving up, but in my personal life I'm much more laid back! Your decision just proved your a smart person!
I learned so much about myself from this video Eva! Thank you for this beautiful wisdom and simply being you. Love your awareness of personal growth. You are a hero and you got this!!
Turning around was the correct thing to do. The mountain will still be there tomorrow. ❤
You definitely made the right decision to turn around. I disagree with the video premise though. I quit! Isn’t the as…Be smart! Both are ambiguous and click baity, but one is empowering and the other is enabling
It takes a lot of strength to respect your own boundaries. Creating healthy boundaries is empowering. And of course sometimes it sucks.  Thank you for your openness. Strong woman! Vilk understands😊
Yay! Awesome run and fantastic views, great performance as well - that should be nightmare food for machos. I was there 4 years ago end of June, in the NP on the mountain, but unfortunately I couldn't actually see the mountain for all the thick fog. Hope to do it better next year, with views like you had, almost, because I can't exactly do what you just accomplished. Just out of curiousity - did you need a back country permit for this and did you register at the rangers' office so they would know if you get lost?
I love you eva ❤
Excellent video that has enamoured us to you even more.  You're not a hairy Navy Seal, you are our glamorous, off the grid, camp out alone in the dark woods daredevil Eva.  We love what you do and that's why we follow you, and will continue to do so.  Keep off the mountains and go somewhere to spoil yourself now.  That would be fun to watch.  Lots of love coming your way, our special You Tube Buddy.  Chin up and rest, we will see you soon, I hope xx
Its so raw. So real. i just love your videos :)
Ready or not. Good stuff Eva. Stay soft!
100km of running like you did is impossible for 90%of people.  So where is the problem. My total respect to you.
That Navy Seal mindset of “never quit“ serves a purpose. And that purpose is to make a human function as a machine. While it can give you a huge amount of motivation to overcome personal hurdles, it’s in no way healthy or good for you to “never quit“, especially when your body doesn’t feel in tune. That said, I find your decision being absolutely the right one and very brave – probably more brave than not to quit.
Its good to quit to come back like a lion 🦁🦁🦁🦁🦁
When you get to this point in your maturity and understanding, it is an epiphany! Through our life we all have to adjust as time changes us mentally physically and spiritually… You learn to have empathy for others where ever they are along the way! Even Navy seals modify their behavior as they grow and mature❤️
It's not too bad to turn back sometimes. Safety should always be the top priority. That decision saved you from getting into a lot of troubles ahead. Always remember that being wise is better than being brave. Stay safe always. Love u and God bless. ❤️💋🙏
The more content you add, the more interesting this channel become
Terrific life message, thank you.
Not quitting when your body is sick is not a sign of courage or power...it is pure stupidity. I admire you deeply and I am so proud of you atm. Quitting is basically stopping without a valid reason. You stopped/postopned the run because it was not the time for your body to conquer that trail. You are not a quitter, you are a smart person who takes care of her own body. Your body is your temple and your body is grateful. You are not at war and you are not a soldier, and never compare yourself with one. Soldier who "never quit" are trained that way because if they find themselves in a situation of "life and death", if they quit immediately, that could be the end not just for one person but for the whole "team" or the whole mission. It is their job, not free will...just as firefighters, police officers etc. You don`t need to be in a state of mind like that. Everything in life happens for a reason, every downfall is a new experience. What doesn`t kill you, makes you stronger...not just physically but mentally as well. One last thing, please, please, please...never ever take supplies "just for 1 more day". Please, take care of your body but beaware of the power of nature. Wishing you the best of luck. Best regards from Croatia :)
when you going back?
So inspiring that your motivation to challenge yourself comes from curiosity and desire to do things that you enjoy! Simple as that
Good call quiting when your body tells you... Always listen to your body, I know the mind might say different, but if your body makes you feel it's not going to work, there's no shame in calling it quits... Hope you're not actually getting sick/got sick. Just do what feels good to you and I'm sure your community will not think any less of you! Keep it up, love to watch your vlogs, what ever you do and I applaud you for running the marathons you did do, but specially this instance where you show us as well, when you can call it enough... ;)
I wouldn't call it quitting at all. You have discovered the new strength in yourself, being able to be more truly you, without the image of you that you had created previously. This is how we grow and mature, in order to, one day, say that we live our own life.
Narcissistic drivel, inane psycho babble, melodramatic overacting.
U are a badass and I am in awe
Ails that will fade - like winter bitter -- spring basking in the light of your weightless freedom - Beauty, courage, dignity, nobility civilized -- and an labour to invigorate our soul  you make my world a better place -friend
Nic tak nie hartuje, jak porażka z odpowiednimi wnioskami.
Qutting is sometimes the most strongest thing to do - a lot stronger than keep going, because that is self insight. The most strongest things you can ever do is to be true to yourself, in good times as well as in bad times. Its not your succes that gives you value, its who you Are. God loves you - and thats make you valuable, and a succes or failure doesnt change that.
Hi Eva There is no shame in quitting, I hike and wildcamp and because something is dangerous or, like you, I've felt unwell, I have quit, sometimes I've felt angry with myself, but once home I realise, it was the right decision. I am 59 and, yes definitely, you will go through life and you will enter different phases, where you think differently than you used, most important thing is you enjoy your life. I just found your channel and love the content 🙂👍, stay happy and healthy Eva
You are an amazing young lady. Love watching you explore and proud of you for listening to your body and knowing when to turn back. Stay strong, keep safe and please continue to share.
Very nice video shots. What a courage and what a strong woman. Good decision. You do not had to prove yourself. You showed enough.I love your channel.
Hi Eva, I recently found you and within a week my daughter and I have binge watched your adventures. After watching this, we both concluded that you did that right thing in turning back, but if you planned better this could have been a success. I have a military background and have worked with many friends that have served in the S.A.S. So I think I'm in a good position to comment.  Your equipment was a little thrown together I think and your food choices were nutritionally clown like. Things like taking a tent when you could've taken a tarp or bivvy. Boiled water in a mug, rather than taking a kettle and mug. A meth stove or hexi block/small fire (if permissible) are lighter than a stove. Your shoes looked terrible, I'm amazed your feet survived. Did you suffer any blisters? You can wrap your toes and feet in zinc oxide tape to protect them. You have obviously reflected after your trip, you looked pretty spent after day one. You were just not getting enough fuel into your body for what you were putting yourself through. Breakfast on the first day was pitiful, not enough to get you through the morning, you needed thousands of calories a day not hundreds.   The main thing is, you made the right choice before you became a casualty. Reading books about S.F guys is great but those guys are very different creatures who see what you were doing as a walk in the park. Don't give up. Regroup, rethink and go again. You can do it!
You definitely made the right decision. You didn’t quit, you altered your plan for your own best interest.
Thank You so much for this much-needed perspective on quitting! You go, girl! Congrats on reaching a new level of self-growth. <3
Eva, you are strong for listening to your body! Edit: If you love running and love running competitively, that's amazing! Taking it slower and doing a hike in stead, is not by any means less of an achievement though. Eva doesn't claim that, but it is just something I wanted to mention. Do whatever suits you best and whatever feels good to you & your body. Lots of love!
Sometimes you just need to give yourself a hug
A very wise decision. I think the only people who have never quit are the ones lying about it. No point to put your health at risk. You can always turn back stronger than before with more knowledge and expeirence. I quit Mt.Kenya independent hike being close to finishing due to sever altitude sickness that wouldn't stop and I'm glad I did that.
You made a good decision.  We have one life and it's nice to live as long as possible.  Apparently, it wasn't your time for such an effort.    By the way, I checked how your auto-translated subtitles work.  It's so strange and so sad that what you say is translated to polish as if you were a man.  This world desperately needs female engineers.
I don't get the drama in your last videos. There is always some kind of drama to make things more epic and bla-bla... even the last part of this video is kind of losery-drama-bullish. I get that you want to share your inner journey, but you can do it without all the complaining and mutter. Not saying "do it as a strong woman", but your complaining about all the weaknesses is turning in to a trend of always complaining rewinding song.
This episode made me a bit sad. It reminds me of the movie 'Into the wild'. Human interaction and social comfort is sometimes underated.  I think it's the second time you did it, first one was in mangolian horse ride into the wild
The air is thinner up there.  Have you condidered that?  You're not getting the right amount of oxygen with each breath.  That will swell your fingers, just make sure your head doesn't swell or it's time to go straight down.  You're not alone, we are with you and calling you on all the time.  Stop running back for the camera shots, It's adding a lot to your miles.  Come on Eva, you got this  💜
Wow… masterfully done! Thank you for sharing this with us. Beautiful story.
you can go for days without food, no problem :)  you made the safer more reasonable choice though
Eva we all wanted you to go back so please don’t feel bad. It’s not quitting, it’s being smart. You can always do it again and you will be better prepared. I was soooo worried while watching you struggle. You are an absolute champ.
You’re only human Eva and you’re a real human too! Well done and be proud of yourself!
You are not a quitter, you are a girl with huge balls.
13:27 view💜
👏TR Pozdrawiam eva
AMPIT HAIR NEED CUT  immediately. Stop being a Neanderthal man.
A massive hug from Australia, some times in life be it an adventure trip, or your personal life.. some times you have to stop, and walk away. It can be the smarter/braver thing to do.. thanks for  sharing your journey. But remember you never truly walk alone.. much ❤️  from downunder
You are extremely incredible in all the best categories. I want to have a little speaker in your ear being like "you got this!" "You are so much more than these steps, no sweat!" Then I sit back and think.. You're Eva zu Beck, you don't need my words, or any others but your own. I only wish I could share the same tenacity of life that you do. So much love and even more respect.
I really missed Vilk in this video. You set the bar very high for yourself Eva and that is a good thing in most cases. What happened to you was fine, you just did a massive, mentally challenging road trip and now were you taking on this, it's okay to slow down a little. I feel like 'quitting' is almost a harsh word here, perhaps we could say you detoured at the instruction of your spiritual health. Anyway thank you for making soul warming videos, you are incredible and we love you from Sarah and Tillie Schnoodle.
I love you❤
"Why do i do it" is the most vital question for any one to answer doing anything at all! Well done for saying it!!
I got up on top of a massive cliff in order to jump off it to do paragliding.  Then when we got there I looked at it and had an awful feeling. I just couldn't do it. Didn't want to do it. And I knew I'd have no regrets not going ahead with it. So I had to do the car drive of shame down the mountain and face everyone, knowing that I didn't go through with the jump. Did I care though? No. Was it the right decision for ME? Yes.  Having the courage to quit something is the same as the courage to carry on. Sometimes it takes more to leave off something due to the expectations of those around you.
Thank you Eva for this heartfelt video that touches my heart. For me your best doc. ever.
Survival mode was right decision.
where is gooooodddbooooyyyy ??? ...🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Somethimes is wiser to quit!
Hello Eva I am from India and I want to tell u that u are very honest and u always show ur true nature to people
When your limited in time and daylight..Please eliminate the distance shots. Sure they make the videos more interesting, but your life is Way more important!
Very brave to share your feelings during this video, but inspiring as well. There is no gain in pushing a bad situation, quite the reverse in fact. Glad you shared, glad you quit. It was a good decision I believe. Take care.
Eva! Good job listening to your body and making the right call. As a park ranger I appreciate your self responsibility—no one had to come rescue you! I thru hiked the PCT and from my experience some days our bodies just aren’t ‘diled in’ to do the big days. I wonder if you had a bit of altitude sickness?
F.A.I.L FIRST ATTEMPT IN LEARNING. FAIL IS NOT A BAD WORD.
Dear Eva; I am glad you chose your physical and mental health instead of whatever competitive idea you had. What I sensed while watching your video is that your body and your mind was telling you to stop and go back. I am so glad you did! You said YES to YOU! Have a wonderful time taking care of yourself and Vilk in that warm bungalow… sending you much ❤️
Love this video, thanks for sharing this with us. Listening ourselves is never a bad things, thank you for the reminder !
You're absolutely amazing... the vertical gain alone made me gulp!!
Thank you for showing this. I appreciate it. I'm glad that you made a choice you felt was the right one, I agree with you, and I'm sure others do as well. You kinda make me want to go out there and go on a long hike solo myself ❤️ thank you for being you, and showing the world that strength is relative to each individual 🙂
Eva I was inspired hiking solo here in japan because of your videos~ you are incredible!
Oh buddy thinking of you. I think that sometimes in life on our journey to accomplish goals sometimes unforseen circumstances lead us to realisation that perhaps what you set out to achieve was not as important as it seemed now you have that new insight gained through unforseen circumstances. Buddy I think your far from a quitter you did the brave thing and put doing what is right before saving face. In reality this may be one of your most personal heroic feats in my eyes anyway.😍👍
I bardzo dobrze zrobiłeś Ewka! Po tym można poznać prawdziwie dojrzałego człowieka, wie kiedy przestać i nie ma o to do siebie pretensji.Nie ma się co zażynać. Pozdro!
If Eva can quit, I can quit. That's what I'll be taking from this. It's something I've learnt by myself before as well. Because as someone who does everything solo it's a lesson you have to learn at some point or another. I'm in charge of getting me home safe and as a perfectionist with depression it's hard, soul-suckingly difficult at times to stop, to quit or to accept that whatever I planned or wanted to do isn't feasible today. I've driven myself into self-hatred more than once because I've placed my self worth in with the work/the hobbies/the activities I do. That when I stop, quit or don't do it I'm nothing. That's a lot of fun as you can imagine and the battle to stop feeding into these feelings are one I'm still in today. Which is why I think this will be a source of inspiration next time I'm in such a head-space. If Eva can quit, I can quit.
bazen başarı vazgeçmektir.♥♥
Altitude sickness is a thing, actually
The right decision was made 👏, there will be other days and other adventures, but you had to get back safe from this one for that to be the case.  Sending ❤
You would be a loser if you don't know when to stop.
Good episode. PS Navy Seals know their limits also.
I was so worried when you started feeling I’ll. What a great decision you made turning back. My feet hurt just watching you lol.
I grew up hiking and camping in the Cascade mountains in WA and OR. The combination of low oxygen and questionable water bacteria can make for a seriously sketchy health situation, so believe me when I tell you this same thing has happened to me, and it's happened to a lot of folksI know that are from this corner of the world.  You made the right choice to turn back. Safety first ALWAYS, especially now that you're a dog mom and that little puppy is counting on you to come back in one piece.  I have been LITERALLY where you were, and I have even more respect for you making the right decision to turn back. ♥️✌️
I'm proud of you too. I think it's beautiful to publish this 🧡 thank you for sharing 🙏🏼
Feeling "woozy and dizzy".... and not being able to eat your meal......... were you possibly dehydrated?  It happened to me once and I made sure I didn't let it happen again, I was wrecked!  It really is okay to change a plan.....
Thanks Eva for sharing this, I only can say respect for your decision and the way you tryed it. Knowing your limits is import, that way you get to know yourself and know what your limits are. Greetings from The Netherland
All alone in the wilderness, you made the right decision. You have a heart of a Lion. Enjoy your freedom and be safe. I always pray for you.
One of the most beautiful and thoughtful videos you have made.....
I am so glad you made this video! It's not easy, I remember quitting a hike when others proceeded, I was the only one turning back, it's such bad feeling... But I don't feel bad any more I am glad I made that choice, cos sometimes it's important we listen to ourselves....
You are always moving, it is good to always be aware that the plan may end differently than you prepared. Expectations are the worst. You will find that it is completely normal to change plans. Now you'll feel fine with every action you take. By the way, if you're still shooting video, it's not extreme. That's what I think.
I am proud of you Eva! You pulled back on a day that wasn’t the right day so you could come back another day. Altitude sickness happens, even when acclimatized. Even the most experienced and accomplished mountain climbers know that on the wrong day, altitude issues can come your way and stand in the way of the best prepared and the best laid plan. You did not quit. You used wisdom. You taught everyone about wisdom, perseverance, and the difference between “mindfulness” and “mindlessness”. Through your experience you taught us the empowering power of “knowing and being honest with Oneself”. You did not “quit”. Instead, you accomplished an objective and overcame a huge personal milestone. It was different from the objective you sought to achieve. But in the larger context, it was an even greater achievement for yourself and your journey through life. You showed true courage, taught everyone that living in our truth authentically is noble, can be done, and that the rewards for doing so are great indeed. 💎🏞️🙏🏼🌞💫
It's a good thing you're not "perfect", i don't follow "perfect", it's so fake. And I like you're videos! So please don't be "perfect" ❤
