Anxious to see Robby get started! Take it apart, put it together! Til nxt tim!
Ref 12:20 "blow ourselves up", anytime I'm welding next empty (but recently emptied) petrol tanks I simply fill the tank with Argon (TIG) or ArgonCo2 MAG gas, as it's denser than air you don't even have to worry about (gaffer tape) getting 100% sealed, good for several weeks safety 👍
What happended to getting the frame shot blasted and powder coated after you have finished all the welding modifications etc ?
@2:33 - you want negative caster, or positive?  You say negative, but I am wholly unfamiliar with trucks in general, especially these kind of lifted-potential-off-road-types - do you guys tend to run negative caster in them?  I'm thinking you meant to say positive caster?
Y’all do amazing work with fabbing your own parts only downfall if anything brakes you ain’t getting new parts from the local parts store Paul’s gonna have to build it for the nugget
you could have just switched the top bracket from side to side without having to modify them
YouallarethegreatesI'M lookingforwordtombegiventhechancetoBILLEDwiththeclub, yours for real,I JUST KNOW IT WlLL BE FORE LIFE ALL IN RESPECT TOO EACH & ALL.  GIVE IT GET IT...THATS THE WAY, IN LOVE.   iF yOU HAVE NOT LOVE YOU HAVE NOTHING.   GOD BLESS YOU ALL. GO wITH GODs SPEED. K W S.T D.  Kwstd my full name
turning and hitting a pot hole wont hit the fender with teh tyre?  its incredibly close
The amount to times I had to re-weld my perfect welds 😂
Shackle reversal might hit that fender on flex.
It is great to see how the Fab Rats used mostly Suzuki parts that were newer and better than the Nugget came with from the factory. I know that was a real pain but it makes for a really nice build. Again awesome content
Some safety glasses would have been nice for the boy laying under that rusty ass truck  , while you were drilling and beating around . 🤯😳🥴🤣😶
that would be positive caster, not negative. positive caster is when the upper ball joint is behind the lower, negative caster is the opposite.
Stress relief after 8 hours at work.... thank you....😁
Hello, what size tires did you put on it, thanks
I'm so glad that you went with the body swap option for this restoration.
Maybe you guys could help me swap. a gen 3 hemi into my 2001 dodge van
Mr. Nobody is a 1st cousin of  Mr. Not Me
Use your cutting torch as a rosebud…
Are you guys related to Gomer from Mayberry
I'm guessing one of the boys never had a cut off wheel explode yet... the way he pushes so hard on the grinder makes me flinch thinking of the wheel coming apart.
You guys are doing a great job. I can’t wait to see the final result. 👍👍👍❤️
We need "Give it a hi yah" shirts
Returned to Ed shortly? Robby is making a career out of painting the nugget. They will never let Ed 4 wheel it. it might get scratched. I hope Robby gets finished painting the nugget before Ed is too old to drive.
did the old motor get restored?
It is FIVE MONTHS ago... and it is embarrassingly slow coming out of "the paint shop."
I have followed the little Golden Nugget from the recovery to modifications to body work and paint. Awesome work! There is still a question about fitting the dash, and I hope you'll answer that question soon, but my question for now  is if you'd have any interest in doing an ICE engine swap for an electric motor on a Jimny like platform. One motor driving the stock gearbox would be interesting,  but a stepper motor on each wheel might produce an unstoppable rock crawler. Thanks!
What's happened to the Nugget? DId Ed not like it?
Teach your kid about ear protection. He's gonna be deaf as an adult.
Tell the camera guy to go easy on the caffeine.  He was jittering all over the place.
4 degrees of Positive caster, not negative for proper alignment.
What happened to the finish product of Ed’s build???
Hello Guys !!!  Another great video here . You just learned me something about moving the axle forward . You guys are so great and fun watching you work . I will be looking forward to the next video about this build . See you all later and be careful and stay safe . Great job, guys !!! As always, Jeffrey !!!
Nice work guys! That thing is looking amazing
So glad to finally watch this after 5 weeks with no communication with the outside world!! (volcanic eruption destroyed our fiber) Well done Paul and the team.  P.S  yes I have contacted my family and friends to let them know I'm alive 😐
Any reason why the rear shocks are mounted upside down compared to the front shocks?
May GOD Almighty Bless You All….Always!! Blessed To Be Blessed…To Be A Blessing… To Others…! In The Name!!
IF WE Your Fans/Family started a GoFundMe Page …..; I know you good old boys can do anything….  Just an Idea.  Would you (I know you men CAN Fo It) Sand blast Ed’s old chassis and mount it on to a good used 4 runner chassis.  NOT To Go Off Roading.,,,, just to scoot around in a yard..,.to get the mail or whatever.  Sand blast it …. No body work.., just paint it bumps and all… a “runner around Ed”!  Again start a site to fund it! Paint it yellow! Just an Idea…., A mini-Ed!!
What are the magnet lights you use in the shop?
Is there a prep and paint show(s) on this Robbie guys channel? I'd really like to see that as well. Could someone please get back to me with his channel name? I'd really appreciate it, TIA!
I wish my Dad had taught me mechanics, and how to hunt it would have been super handy. Unfortunately he wasn't into any of it. I found it all on my own. I am trying to learn the basics of mechanics one step at a time.
Wheres the FINAL video for this rig???
So the owner needs to come to you to even get a simple alignment done. great why to get a customer. He must bring it to you for life. No one else can repair it . With out full specs. That I am sure you will not provide. Good plan. Screw him for the life of the car.
The old Golden Nugget is looking Great. You did an Awesome  job on it. Its So Awesome seeing your boys out in the Garage with Dad. Such an Amazing family. Great Video Everyone...
I love Grayden cam.
Has nice lift...uses floor jack to mount wheels and tires 😆
You need safety glasses. Makes me wince to see tiny bits flying around when drilling.
What's the latest? Can't wait to see Ed get his vehicle back.
Great video. Need to wear safety glasses when under cutting metal shavings.
When is Michelle’s Jeepster going to be done.
I'm a big fan of the Motortrend channel with all the car building shows but I like watching you even more. They don't really show all the welding and hammering. I always wanted to be able to do the things you do so it's fascinating for me to watch! The youngin will realize all he's learned one of these days! Cool that people send you stuff and you show your appreciation! Thanks for letting me see your work!
Hi there for some reason I cannot find any video beyond this one for the golden nugget. I can find nothing on the new dash being fitted and I know you have sent it on for paint can you tell me where to look for the other videos please. I really enjoyed the series and it would be so disappointing to miss the end.  Fantastic watching you work, and am always looking for new pics from you, please keep them coming.
Why didn't you why didn't you just swap ubolt plates from left side to right side instead of cutting the shock mounts off and rewelding back on
I love that sourthern Utah accent...  Reminds me of visiting my great-uncle Merle "Peaches" Beard in Kanab.
Need more Landon. That kid is hilarious.
This is the kind of stuff you cannot possibly learn in school! This son is learning a lot from his father.
Is that the same Sage Brush Bob I follow on youtube who was fixing up the Coleman stoves? Thanks to him my Coleman is running great. BTW. Loved these videos. Ed is gonna be over the moon. You guys are great.
Love this build series! New sub!!!!
I'm gonna cry on the reveal I can just feel it already.
proud of fab rats greetings from Indonesia.
Can't wait for it to get done! Great work so far guys! I'm pretty sure Ed will love this!
So where does Ed think his car is right now
It's more nice when ya done it twice.
Hi Paul I love Ur channel. You know those plates you guys just cut off and reweled for ur shock’s . You just have to change them from right to left we’re you don’t have to cut anything terry from Manitoba Canada stony mountain.
WILL ED STILL BE ALIVE BEFORE IT'S COMPLETED???
nice video man but the adds are really  annoying , overloaded  i believe watch more adds than your video lol
At the end of finishing touches on the Nugget Paul says the next video will show putting on the front bumper and winch. I never saw that video. I watched a recent video of Robbie’s that blurred out what looked like the Nugget in his shop. Was one video missed or was it sent before that was done ? Thanks
Does Rob have a channel I can go to to watch it get painted?
Everyday that goes by I pray that Ed's health holds out, so he actually gets to use his Gold Nugget.
I keep searching for your last video when you put the grill on and drive it out of the shop!!!  The suspense is killing me, can't wait.  Thanks for the fun stuff, love it.
Worst repair work ever numb nuts yanks, safety lol, chimpanzee
Great to see somebody else having to do it twice...well, I mean it makes me feel less lonely.  Pretty sure I sense your excited brain waves at the thought of this project being nearly complete.
"way more better" love it
One of the only things you guys do that as an engineer for the passed 30 year scares me ,Is useing the grinders without the guards on them lol,not complaining just saying,Love your channel and hoping to pick up a hat off your webshop soon as long as you ship to New Zealand
Hope you can finish this soon, you sure have alot of other projects youre working on.
Does Robbie have a YouTube channel and if he does is he going to do a video of the body work and paint??
Great work on the Golden Nuget :-) How big are the tyres and how much offset on the rims and width ? Best youtube serie ever best regards from Norway :-)
I love your stuff.  Safety glasses foe the little one under the vehicle.  Please.  No sense having lifetime damage to the eyes when he didn’t know.  But you do.  Keep up the fantastic work.
Room in the driver's seat seems to be at a premium. A couple things I learned building my scratch built hot rod which has the same restrictions- if you can drop the seat a couple inches it makes a huge difference. And if you need a little more room tilt the seat back a few degrees to gain a bit of space behind the steering wheel. Needed both in my rig to get the room, but it made a small space almost comfortable... great job you guys are doing on the Golden Nugget. I love seeing all the great support you have from your friends in the fab community there....
Coming along great
Hey Paul, just an idea - DIY alignment video.
I'm Jonesin to see the moment when Ed gets the big reveal
Can’t wait to see Robbie’s paint job!!!
The golden nugget is looking good. like the wheels and tires y'all put on it.
Looking good.
So many ads blocking the view. It is getting bad these days.
that not me guy is a real doozy.
iIts getting harder and harder for us to work with all this great content!
nice.
I know who Randy's voice reminds me of...Barney Fife! Tell him to call you Andy!!
Are you really not going to paint the frame by itself??   I thought I heard you say in this last video you're "putting the body back on for the last time" and THEN sending it all off to get painted.   Being that you took it this far I was fully expecting to see a nice yellow frame with nice painted parts being bolted onto it.
Lotta, lotta and fabrication and she's gettin there!
It looks so good! You guys including Matt have a good heart giving a perspective of hope for humanity.
i missed previous videos. What's the new engine?
👉 Y’all are an amazing group of folks that are an inspiration !!! it just feels good doing good stuff …
You have to protect your eyes when working, especially when doing so under a car like the boy could have something falling into is eyes
hey there, if u matt and robby really think that u're friends/buddies then the title shud've been: Finishing Touches Before We Send Ed's Golden Nugget Off To Robby Leyton.  Help people and God will help you. God bless!
Bam
I wanna see is when it gets back from painting were is the video
Could use the other body and frame to build a trailer for his nugget bike!!! That would be cool at shows!
Awesome work!!! 👍👍
Heighth is seriously my favorite word of all the words that exist. It's really just a good one.
The old Zuk is looking great…as always awesome work FabRats!❤️🤙❤️
You guys are doing an awesome job making this thing drivable again... What kind of tires are those. I need some 31s like that haha
Suspension looks pretty stiff for no more than that little bugger weighs
It’s looking pretty good! You and your team do good work !! That’s well done!
Who is going to do the dash and all the electrical?
Micrometers not calipers.
Winner winner  chicken  dinner , that's  coming  along  nicely... good job fabrats!
You guys gonna make Ed shed some tears of joy. The man is up there in age, I'm glad to see people like you and Matt are around him. I'm sure he is enjoying your company too.
I wish I lived closer just to volunteer help on your projects! Been there done a lot!
You guys did a great job rebuilding it, why didn't you do a four link instead of the leafs?
Hey! Would you look at that! He's now got a micrometer to calibrate his eye-crometer!!👍🏽👍🏽
Find somebody besides Robby Layton to send it to. He’s abusive to his employees. Hillbilly is an abusive derogatory term. Dinner looks like a fool on his YouTube. Why would you wanna be associated with someone like that?
Wheels and tires? Enkie saw blades are peak wheel!
Paul your level of skill is unmatched. Your a real rare gem that can fabricate anything on wheels to work. You definitely got yourself a life time viewer
Hang on to those charts .they will help you in the long run Hi-ya!!!!
Did he really say 'metric to English' conversation tables?? 🤨
Send it to anybody but Robby Lawton. He is not worthy.  There’s gotta be better in Utah than some guy that looks like he’s in the eighth grade with an attitude
Question are you guys putting custom bumpers on it after it's painted
BTW, are we going to even get to hear it run before it leaves the Fab-Rats garage?
Am I going crazy?, I would've sworn that I had already watched and commented on this video, I'm glad ya got it done, I was beginning to think you were planning to use it for Ed's casket, lol, just kidding Paul, I really think you did it rather quickly, anybody who thinks you took too long, has never done a job like that before, great video guys, thanks for sharing.
Please teach your son safety. He should of had safety glasses or goggles on under there. Special since you drilled and had metal shavings. I lost 40 % vision in my left eye at 12 years old. Was underneath truck got a shaving in my eye. Rubbing it put it deeper. 3 days later it turned rust Doc took it out with magnet. But damage was done.
Beauty....
You should make door in the rear floor to get to the gas tank so someone can get to the fuel pump if ever needs replacing.
Goteem!!!
Have you done any burn outs with this yet? looking forward to Robbie"s videos on the paint and body work, Can,t wait to see the look on Ed's face.
The only thing better than a father son team is a father teaching a son a trade or life skills! Thank you for allowing us to join you in these valuable moments
"Don't give up just give it a HiYah"
A man that works with his hands is a labor, a man that works with his mind is a artist, a man that works with both his hands and mind is a craftsman that's you !
i kind of lost interest, that Robbie guy is planning on putting cheap as F basecoat clear coat on it even though i offered to buy the real paint AND offered to bring it to my shop,  all for free.   Ed is a really good guy,  he deserves the correct paint
Hot diggity dog the Nug is almost there 🎉🤓👕🙃!!!!
love ya brother, but think safety glasses. esp for the youngins
Move the axel forward hmm I mentioned that to you a few vids back. What about the wiring and the heater box not to mention air-conditioning. I sure wish I could help
I like it a lot. I like it a LOT LOT LOT! 👍
Kiddow under a car, while you drill steel, WITHOUT protection glasses!!! :(
I really think it’s fantastic that people send you tools.  These are most likely tools that have made their jobs, and lives, easier.  It’s cool.
Get Ed his frame back lol. I'm so glad you body swapped it. That other body was so flimsy. You guys have done an amazing job on it for him.
hope Ed still gona be alive by the time its done lol
NO! dont paint it! That patina is awesome
You guys need to get roll'in on that thing or Ed won't live to see it.
Is that tiny frame going to handle all the new weight and power?
I watched the Video on How paul got his fab skills sitting on his Dad's home made hoe ,, but did paul get his Rat skill's by NOT FIXING ED'S RIG IN A TIMELY MATTER AND ALLWAYS PUTTING HIMSELF BEFORE OTHER'S NEED'S ??🤔
Love seeing the awesome progress of this project- Ed’s Golden Nugget!! Sure you know how blessed you are for a multitude of reasons, But one is having them sons around the shop to help you out & see them learning the craftsmanship of what you do. I have 2 daughters whom I love dearly… but they aren’t that interested in crawling under a truck to hold a bolt or hand daddy a tool, etc… Can’t wait to see the finished sidekick soon & see the reveal to Ed.
Guys i love your videos but theres one thing that scares me and its the lack of ppe . I know i sound like a karen but after  losing half a finger on those zipcut disc i wish i had listen to the osha guy a bit more. Get yourself  a gave shield and anticutting gloves !
Small correction, the measuring tool you called calipers are actually called Micrometer’s . 😊
Somebody must be a fan of The Muppets and Miss Piggy! Hi ha
Can't wait to see Ed's reaction to the Golden NuggED.  Maybe even do a rescue or two himself.  Good stuff!
Could uguys have just swapped the left shock mount for thr right one? With out the cutting.
As much as you use a cutting disc on sheet metal you might want to try a air reciprocating saw. They cut sheet pretty fast and square corners are easier without over grind. More control and curves are easier.
Like I keep saying half a dozen times before cut out the box that the driers seat bolts too, and lower the seat frame rail so you have room to get into the driver's seat!! Is Robby going to take off the cab sandblast the frame and paint it? and then rust-proof it? same as the body?
Still think you should repurpose the original cab into a trailer :)
What do I have to do to get my jeep jku built be y’all
Haha I feel for you with welding the mount on the wrong side haha with fabricating I've done it myself many times hahaha usually when there's someone talking to me in the shop haha but still love company while I tinker or fix customers stuff :) ❤️❤️❤️  the wife and I think you did an awesome job on both yotas haha they came along great especially for how fast you did them from scratch basically 😄 😊 ❤️
positive castor not negative
All 5 % of original rig
that is actually a micrometer that you called a caliper.
Have you heard this thing run yet?
For the shock why cut them and weld on other side instead of swapping drive to pass and pass to drive
Those are micrometers not calipers. Or as you would call the M-Eye-crometers. 🤣 Either way keep up the good work. 🤙🏼
That caliper at 10:00 is called a 1 to 2 micrometer.
That's called a Mic or Micrometer
Well folks,one of the many reasons why i love this channel is how apparent it is that those boys respect and love their dad,as it should be of course,Michelle and Paul are great parents and they are all good kids,great video,looking forward to more.
Just now watching this video. It’s crazy how Ed’s Golden nugget get 300k plus more views then the fj did! You guys do a awesome job. Keep up the good work.
Its great to see kids working with their Dad and learning something
Seriously puckn fun on yall.... 🤣🤣🤣
Seriously.... you didnt rhino line the frame.... nor the gas tank. Com on  mannn. Geeeeeeezzzzzzxuuuuuuuuuzzzzz. Here lemme show yall how to use yur man card....
Looking good guys 🙂
I'm amazed at the Golden Nugget!  Awesome fab work!
dont give that to robi its gonna take agess
Haven't heard it start and run ! Haven't seen a Rad. And hose's yet and haven't seen wiring and dash in yet ! Maybe Matt will Finish it , lol Since ur too biz eee with ur rig , sound's like ur motor need's a rebuild running thru plug's like that ! It's a Smoker !! Matt and his Crew can Finish up Ed's rig 👍👍
I like this style of fabrication 👍. You find a way to get the job done.
Howdy Matt and Robby sent me 💯🤣
I can't wait to hear it start up and to see Ed's face when he sees and hears her running.  THAT will be awesome and touching.
In our nanny country we would never be able to register that machine for the road
Lookin Good.  That chassis looks like it could do with an x crossbrace in the centre. It looks like a ladder frame without any rungs. :)   Best wishes from Australia
Outstanding seeing you work with the lads on getting this thing ready. As a painter I can't wait to see it in fresh paint, it's gonna look great....
Where are you guys no video today????
Ed sighting!  13:35
I can’t wait until Ed sees this! First words out his mouth OH MAN!
Absolutely love your channel. Look forward to the new content with my wife every other day!! Have my fab rats shirt also! Thanks for everything you do!!!
i love seeing all the cool things ppl send you
Your ability to visualize and fabricate is amazing to watch. Gifted man.
That's hilarious.  I was looking at that going 'ya'll need to move that axle forward a couple of inches' lol
Oh man. Great great job 👌
I cringe every time Paul welds something; never cleans or degreases the metal, although he may knock a few dirt clod lose with a hammer first - A Claw Hammer of course. I think Paul is the only guy in Utah that could probably weld two rocks together and they'd stick!
😎👍
Gr8 work lan Paul is gr8 dad/ teacher
Alright Alright Alright.....
Grayden Cam was a little shakier but not bad at all 😁👍  Edit: And that fancy new under-the-car bolt assist tool was an excellent purchase! 🤣
Thats a micrometer not a caliper.  Just letting you know, I'm not trying to being a dick.  And with 1900 comments I'm sure you'll never see this comment anyway.  Anyways, LOVE the build! LOVE the channel.  Keep up the excellent content guys! And I also agree that it feels great to see the kids getting involved.  I hope and pray my kids take to the fabrication as they grow up.
looking tough! Can't wait to see Ed's reaction to all the work you guys put in on this. I kind of like the patina, but understand if you must paint it.
You need to put a vintage light bar on the roof with individual beams and nice covers :)
Looking awesome!!! Great job fabing up this nugget!!!!
We need “Grayden Cam” for every video. So awesome seeing him get involved, helping out dad.
I man , does it run ? Isn't that something that needs before paint , cause you might have to make some big changes
I would’ve left the paint as is. Mechanical perfection, but an homage to the life it once had.
Grades will make a fine filter in the shop but not so much on the trail.
Finally no more junkbirds. Worst tire ever made
How many hours of filming don't make it to the show that the other guy did???????
Have you thought about dropping a little rollbar in there before it goes to paint?
It appears to me that the dash and instrument cluster are getting punted. Perhaps a collaboration between Matt, Robby and Chad has already addressed the matter? Robby has been alluding to some kind of a con-fab lately
Love it man! Can't wait to see it movin' under it's own power!
Wow those wheels look good
On following this build, the instrument cluster wasn't going to fit. Will see that done b 4 it goes to Robbie? And I assume that you will test drive it b 4 you send it for paint, cause there would b no sense sending to Robbie's if it didn't y drive right.
So the nuggets going to be great for ed. It looks like it will be at a comfortable height for him to be able to get in and out of
We just started watching you guys after Christmas. My husband and I were quarantined with covid.  Now my husband is obsessed. He has to tune in every Sunday to get his fix!! 🤣 It would be awesome to visit and ride the awesome trails out there. We live in Cartersville, Georgia so I don't see that happening anytime soon. ☹  I think it is awesome the way you are teaching your boys the trade. So many teenagers just have no interest these days.   Anyway, just wanted to let you know we enjoy your channel, especially your wife's laugh!! 🤣
I like it when you have your kids and wife play name that part.  Now you should be playing name that tool.  The tool you called a caliper is a micrometer.  Calipers are pretty handy though as they can do ID, OD and depth.
Machinist's everywhere cringing "Those are micrometers, not calipers..."
I'm curious to weather this is a gift to Ed or is Ed footing the 50k bill?
You mean positive caster makes the wheelbase slightly longer negative is the first part of what you said sorry man lol but really like the nugget build cool rig
No problem!! Found it!!
Why not   add additional leaves to get clearance
It is great seeing Landon learn from a Pro.
Hi!! Can someone tell me Robbies website??  Thx
level plumb square  , looking good brothers
Love the show 💪🏾😎 you got me building again
As a race car builder of forty years that is possibly the BEST explanation of caster I’ve ever heard! I’m not kidding! “We want ‘em riding  here not there” fantastic
I had never heard of these until this vehicle on Matt's channel.  One just came up on my Google feed on 'bring a trailer'.  Funny(scary?) how those algorithms work!
How come Clarence and Not Me never get in the videos?
Cut. Grind. Heat. Bend. Weld. Measure now and then.  Having the kids help.  All really good stuff.  Congratulations to you and putting your amazing talents to good use and sharing them with the world.
Good deal Robbie is a great painter can’t wait to see his finished product lol
Hafa Adai from Guam Paul and Fab Rats crew. Mr. Ed is going to be happy happy.
What if Ed has been watching these videos the whole time and he’s just playing everybody!   😳😬😆
Been Waiting for This.... its about time...
The only thing that was Ed’s golden nugget is the frame lol
Too bad there's not a way to park the finished Nugget back where you found it. Take Ed back to find it, and let him drive it out.
I've really enjoyed following the progress on Ed's little Cruiser! Enjoy your involving the kids, and Mom, too!
Wow stunning wheels n tires, it looks awesome fair play great job you guys have done rebuilding it 👍
Where are your safety glasses, kid? Some PPE will keep the rust and metal chips out of your eyes :) Loving the progress on the nugget, I bet Ed's gonna love it.
Hey guys, I'm ready to see the Coronet build. Heck Yeah!!!
I don't know how you do all you do - with a day job!
Calipers are different than a micrometer, time to do an ask Paul machinist items segment.
Well since you didn't keep the plywood door, what if you had Robby do a custom "plywood door" patina paintjob on the stock door!!!???
That's going to be a very capable little rig probably so capable you're going to have to be worried about tipping it or flipping it
‘“Not me welding on the wrong side’” 😂😂😂
Sweet. Mick Australia
pretty awesome having your boys working in the shop with you. parenting done right.
Im gonna wager, that Ed's not gonna know what to say for about 5 minutes when he lays eyes on the Nugget... great video Paul, Thank You, be safe y'all...   :)
Your boys should be wearing hearing protection. Best to start the practice young.
It's great that your kids are getting this opportunity to be with you in the shop that is the best education in the world, great adults start with great parents and home life. Does my heart good to watch your channel.. never change👍👍👍👍😗👍👍👍👍
Wow those wheels and tires made a huge difference
You need to put the Ed bobble head on the dash when you do the revealing.
As I found out ,save the blow-up for the Grand Finale as it's  ALMOST impossible for a repeat performance
FABRATS: they do it so nice I watch it twice
I think we need some "It's like we knew what we were doing" merch. I was watching an older vid when this thought occurred to me and I decided to come to the most recent one and mention it.
Those thornbirds would make a decent pair of trail spares for the little rig
Very good job on the Nugget.  When I first saw that machine with a wooden door, I knew guys had a big job on your hands.  I am wondering if I missed something: did you ever start the engine you installed in the rebuilt Nugget or are you waiting until all the body work is done to fire it up.  Love your show and watching a master fabricator at work.  Good luck!
Im so excited to see Ed drive this baby monster! The Golden Nugget is so epic!
I keep believe how much I like watching you and your family working on car   Sorry to hear your father died. He looked like an awesome dad. Just like you
Please build my yj would be really cool to have someone build it in a family garage
It's perfect brothers perfect
looking awesome,....... I saw someone else ask if it was gonna be yellow????  or is it going to be nugget gold!!!!!???? that would be fantastic ....perfect endgame for the "Nugget".
Lookin' mighty nice!   You have some skilled hands helping out.
Great Job. Love seeing you work on all of the vehicles that come in your shop. And the Golden Nugget 👌. I noticed something when your so was helping putting nuts on the bolts , you were drilling holes and your son was under there without safety glasses. Probably metal Fragments could have gotten in an eye. Not here to tell you what to do. But as a child I got metal shavings in my eye and it wasn’t good. Anyway love your videos and keep up the good work ✌️
Milestar donated those tires!
It bums me out seeing the golden nugget videos getting double the views of the rock crawler videos.  Everyone needs to watch those too. They are just as good. Very entertaining.
What size tires/rims did you put on? Seems like early build vid was going to go 31X10.5 R15. Tires look large on the LJ!
I think yall should move the front seats as far back to the wheel wells as you can, since you have a longer steering wheel it might be very uncomfortable otherwise.
There was nothing left of that thing, nothing you pulled out of the creek was usable, all you you tubers grifters on the moronic public.bits there fault but I see it
Uses the eyecrometer 10 times a video. Gets a real micrometer. Calls it calipers😂😂😂 I love y’all and I hope to see this build finished soon!
Can't use the rear drive line on the front it'll spin the wrong way
Paint the wheels white or I unsubscribe. This is a threat.
This thing looks fantastic..
Thanks!! this is the first time that I was able to understand caster by your (Paul's) explaining it.
Getting to work on a project with your boys is more rewarding than admitting you welded something wrong on the nugget. Good job Paul!
I can't wait to see Ed's face when it's done have y'all decided how to unveil it to him like getting it stuck somewhere
You need a fire blanket.
Sooooo close now!  This has been so awesome to watch!  I love when the boys help out Paul, they always have smiles on their faces.  Great stuff, thanks guys, and stay safe!
so what was the purpose of welding the sleeve over the drag link? asking purely for education, because to me it seems it only makes it so you cant replace what looks like a tie rod end? do they not really ever need replacing or what was the thought other then just pure strength addition
Gonna be great to see Ed's reaction !!!!
Couldn't you just swap the rear shock plates left to right? Why cut?
What's Ed's last name?????? All we ever hear is Ed....
So according to the internet -   Hi-yah is a kiai, a Japanese word for the exclamation used when startling an opponent or enemy before you attack or execute a kick or punch. It comes from the martial arts such as judo and karate. Kiai are probably not constructed of actual words, but used sounds chosen to intimidate. Other examples would be Aa-yah or iii-eeeee. Similar in concept to a rebel yell.
Might want to get that little kid some safety glasses while you are drilling above him. Really anytime you are under a car on your back you should be wearing them. Pulling metal out of your face balls sucks.
How many inches is , by like way better 🤣
Fabulous work by a humble fabricator. You rock Paul.
So when are you putting the purple lighting underneath?
That doesn’t surprise me!
LOOKS GREAT  LOVE THE TIRES AND RIMS ,WILL IT MOVE WITH THAT BIG OF TIRES IT ? OTHER  THEN GOING DOWN HILL , HAHAHAAHAHAH,CANT WAIT TO SEE IT PAINTED AND RETURNED TO SEE HIS FACE = ) ,GOD BLESS, YOU ALL ARE AWESOME PEOPLE
Looking awesome! That was a micrometer not a caliper though ;)
Enjoyable videos. Also, I like the new background music sound tracks you’ve been experimenting around with on these last few videos!
The nugget is looking great! Bet your glad that you guys found that donor body!!
Lookin good guys. That's a pretty cool package you received.
Ha ha I love it when you guys mess up pretty good attitude when you do.... Like you said you do such a good job because you do everything twice
Cool trick on those exhaust hangers. Tack it in place, then put a wrench on the end while you weld and put pressure on it. This welding will heat the metal and it will bend right around.
Paul the Golden Nugget looks so good. Love the shocks and front drive shaft. 12:05 me too, never the fire always the explosions I am concerned about.  It is getting there! Always rad to see Landon and Grayden help too.
Oh hell definitely A win those tires look so good on there
love it
I've been waiting for this video very patiently
Boy, wished I had help on my van, I've done several coil spring swaps on Fords, but this was my first after surgery where they added a baclofen pump, leaning over in my wheelchair has messed up my pump, may require surgery to fix it, my ability to work on my vehicle has been given an extra handicap, it may be all over for me. I have a wealth of knowledge that is now useless to me, all my abilities to wrench on vehicles has been striped away from me, I enjoy working on stuff, now I can only watch someone else do it. I had fixed up a 73 Econoline, only to have it totaled out last year, followed by surgery/amputation, now I learn I can not start over with my replacement van. Ed is lucky to have such friends.
I am so looking forward to seeing Ed's reaction when this is done
"I'm gonna cut this off here and weld it back on over there." That just makes my stomach hurt every time you say that.
Micrometer not caliper lol
Excelante! Cheers!
Those rims and tires look just right.👌
So. I’m way more invested in this little car than I should be. I can’t wait to see Rd rolling in it!!
@ 10:00 that is no calipers, that's a micrometer my friend. Sensitive metrology équipement from mitutoyo. Take good care of it.
Looking great guys!!! Have you driven it yet?!
Can you guys please make another batch of the 4th of July shirts with Grandpa Sherms tow truck on the back? im a large and would buy 5 of em today if you had any left! Keep up the great vids!
No winch?
Ed is going to have to reopen that gold claim
Looking good guys! Love the Grayden Cam, keep it up
You can tell it's a precision shop, when notes are written on carboard!  😆
Test Drive???
Tyres are on backwards white lettering should always face out .  Just like Ace Ventura Laces out lol
Wow really nice work Paul, the Nugget looks great, love those wheels and tires, really make it look much more substantial.  Great to see your kids working with you, nice family channel.  The Nuggets going to be one great mini rock crawler or "cigarette' pack" getter for Ed.
thanks for the video guys awesome work!...all family send greetings :)
I marvel at the many changes you guys are doing.  I pity anybody trying to get parts for this.
I learned about castor angle when my dad’s 1950 Chevy pickup was freshly restored but was bump steering really bad
Get some Cheap Amazon  LED headlights for Her.
I watched Matt’s last night  on his pod cast and he said how he and Paul became friends  after  Knocking him out and they became friends after that I would like to be come friends with Paul it’s a tough initiation fee to get there I don’t think I am  up to it  just kidding he and I wold get along great you have Beautiful family.
PAINT!?!?!  The Golden Nugget!?!?!?!  NOOOOOOO!!!!!  Keep it 'stock' yellow.  The patina is what makes it so interesting and shows that it has some history & a cool story and not some Pimp-My-RIde reject.
Hey Paul, you’re trending on YouTube #46. Congrats.
Hey! Fabrats is trending! That's tight!
What is the wheel and tire setup?
Dont forget to install a Fart Fan in the Nugget for Eds Taco Tuesdays
Nice tires
But does it still have the small 2 stroke, or is it the 900cc 4 stroke?
9:43 Or if you either can't figure out the purpose of an item or don't need it yourself, you can "re-gift it" a second time --- i.e., pass it along to one or more other folks who can use it :D
Nice😁👍🏼
its a turn off road & zig zag through trees where police not follow lol sadly...couldn't hide it in usa.. lol not many left.. lol
Gotta say for sure. It's a fantastic feeling when you realize there's an easier solution like the front dive line, staring you in the face. I've done that for years. There are times when it's best to step back and wait until later because there's a darn good chance you'll think to try something else at the strangest time. When I did stuff like this when I was way younger than now, I'd get my beast ideas in the shower for some reason (at the time tankless hot water so I could take a really long shower 🤣.) Been fun watching your projects..
Man that’s nice!! Looking forward to seeing Ed drive that again
5:18 Paul doing his Toht impersonation :D
yuppers.. the best welds ever done.. were always wrong pieces.. but the weld.. i hate welding.. only when absolutely have to.. mean time.. i overkill.. so nothing breaks.. i no weight weenie lol but balanced lol low
it's scrubbin when flexin i bet lol
You guys are awesome! Golden nug is looking good, keep it up!
When the nuggets done you need to have Matt call you to help him and Ed with a recovery and you show up with the golden nugget to save the day .... it's crazy what a set of wheels and tires do for a look.... awesome job ez/rats
What did you end up doing with the instrument cluster? Or have you not gotten back to it yet.
Get the kid under the vehicle while drilling metal above some eye protection. Yikes!
I hope you have a good surprise for Ed , planned
She’s shockified. 😂😂
Awesome
Did you actually mean negative caster? Positive seems more appropriate
Love this!
It's cool how people just send you free stuff awesome
Neat man, neat !
Can't wait to see the BEFORE & AFTER pictures!!
The shock mounts is going to break the shocks. The botom mounts should be 90deg from what you have and restrict the flex. Nice job sofar blessings.
Fantastic video Paul. You guys are awesome
Just had that exact caster issue with my lifted 93 Wrangler, it was squirrelly as all hell...........adjusted the caster and it rides perfect.  Just like he said 4-7 degrees of caster.
I've heard drilling holes in leaf springs can damage the integrity of the steel. It's such a light vehicle that it probably doesn't matter much, but I was just curious. I've got an fj40 and I'd like to move the rear axle back an inch or so and I saw you doing this and it got me thinking..... Great builds on the nugget and the 45, keep up the great work!
34 on trending great job
Amazes me the golden nugget keeps bringing all these videos under trending
ED IS GOING TO BE SO SURPRISED  GREAT JOB FAB RATS
That is so awesome. I love following this story and Way to go to the Little FabRats!  That is a skill they'll use their whole lives.
Oh yeah, glad you got to run the FJ can't wait to see the final reveal of the Golden Nugget to Ed.
Glad to see this coming along. Ed’s going to 💩 himself in excitement. 😃
When you guy go to give the Golden nugget to ed all of you guys need to play it off as a big recovery so everyone can be there!!!
Old Ed is going to shame you all next year at Sand Hollow  😂😂
Sure you don't mean positive caster?
If that’s the Bob summers from Florida we call him furry Bob and he’s got a pistol in every pocket and so does his daughter. Great people though
Let's get it painted finish it
What about the rear diff?  You can't leave the rear diff open!
Have you started the nugget up? Want to see that run and drive!
My buddy had an LJ 1600cc man bald ass f_ck street tires stop in the middle of a mud hole have a dart then reverse never ever got stuck lol my yj had hard time keeping up I luv it 👍
You need to get a new yellow work shirt with your shop logo on the back.. Great Show, lookin from Sweden..
Question for you guys or anyone really. You have a crazy amount of knowledge about building these vehicles. Does that come from time and just doing it? Im slowly building up my skillset, keyword SLOW.  These videos are awesome and I feel like I am learning just watching
So... What about fender flares?
😀
Outstanding 👍paint will look great I also think it and the yota look pretty cool like they are kind of a broke in look either way love the videos and the rigs
I was an auto tech for 50 years. I hate cars now. For some reason I am mesmerized by your channel
I agree with the comments below, its nice to see the next generation of Fab Rats getting stuck in. I am an old git now, but to this day, some of my fondest memories was working with my father, gardening, wallpapering, and fixing his cars along with playing snooker with him. Like me, I bet your young un's will for ever cherish the special time they spend with you Paul. The Golden Nugget is coming along really well and sits nice with those beefy wheels and tyres. All in all its looking Fab ....................... Rats. It'll all but match the Mat's Banana when its done. Stay safe.
Nice seeing your boys helping you in the shop, won't be long before they are doing the same thing "Fab Rats 2.0 Lad".  Thanks for the awesome videos.
I still think Matt should take the golden nugget to where it was stuck and tell Ed they are looking for a missing part and reveal the nugget at it's place in the woods. What a surprise this would be for Ed. Keep up the good work you all are awesome!
Thats so much BS,Ed is to out of shape , physically and mentally to off road etc,yet your doing all this crap to the nugget, wasting his time left on this world.All the hell u had to do is get it back into good enough shape so he could enjoy it as he wanted it, remembering his wife riding with him places, even if was just his mining trips, but NOOOoooo you have to make a big deal so you can draw more looky loo's to your site..well u get the point.Well u may have gained watchers, but u lost some too, because of your greed..Good Luck to ED hope u live long enough to drive the Yellow Joke they turned your nugget into.
Ed watching from the frame.
Love the work you guys have done on the Golden Nugget. Ed's going to love it 😁.
What he is describing is positive ++ caster not negative and yes that's a good thing especially on something that short wheel base. why couldn't he just swap the spring plates left to right? to correct the mistake on the front and also save fabrication on the rear? Ps that's a micrometer "Mic' not a caliper!! Those are endmills not Bit's Don't get me wrong i think the video's are great just he's on a roll on this one. Maybe its the bust schedule?
it is so cool what you are doing for ED i cant wait to see his reaction when its done
Done really well with it. From a sunken battle ship to how it is now. Nice one :-)
When do we get to see the video on the Oregon trip
This has been such an amazing build. I can't wait to see Ed reunited with his old friend!
Gold and blue looks awesome!!!! Just sayin
Great job Paul, you and your little helpers! Can’t wait to see it all finished.
"Don't give up, give it a hiyaw" needs to be a shirt. 🤣
I can't wait to see Ed's reaction. Also looking forward to seeing him take it out.  Very cool
Enjoy watching your show. I noticed you use the same background music as Hip Bee Explorer.
Micrometer   Not caliper
👍💪
That Golden Nugget is really starting to look great. Once Robbie gets it's paint, Ed will have the 1 of a kind Suzuki! Nice to even see Your kids taking part in it too.
Awesome
If this were the wild west days and something happened to me and my wife, I'd leave instructions to send my 9 year old to you. Lol
Looking good man.
When you guys get this ready to present the Golden Nugget back to Ed, you should fake up the wood drivers door so it looks like (from 10 feet) it is still installed on the rig.  Should be worth a couple of laughs!
Can't wait to see Ed's reaction!
I think it would be hilarious if you had someone laser etch a little brass sign to put on the firewall that said, "In case of needed repairs, return to Matt's Off-Road Recover"
This is just legendary! I'm blown away at what a smart man can do in a well equipped shed.
Maybe y'all could do a scholarship program for someone to train under Paul for a week. 17 to 21 age group.
I think most people are tired of the commercialized shows that have they're own agenda. Your videos are honest, wholesome, and family orientative. This is one of many reasons we love you.
For the novice, a micrometer, sometimes known as a micrometer screw gauge, is a device incorporating a calibrated screw widely used for accurate measurement of components in mechanical engineering and machining as well as most mechanical trades, along with other metrological instruments such as a dial, vernier, and digital calipers. An eyecromter is a joke. Like a  guessameter, or an  estimator.
Get ED a set of Morimoto led headlights and he'll have all the light he needs at night. Beware the cheapo Amazon ones, only a few out there with good output and pattern.
What about the Dash? Did I miss something?
Awesome! The nugget is looking good. You and the young ones do great work paul.  P.S. The camera slinger sounds like dinner fro. Layton Nation lol
Metric to english? :D
Can’t wait for Ed to see the reveal..  it’s gonna be a Merry Christmas all over again..  great work team Fabrats!! 💯👌🏼💯👌🏼
Wait, don't you mean you want positive caster?
Another comment about your kids working with you.  My dad passed away when I was 17. I cling to any memory I have working with him. These moments with your boys are more valuable to them than you'll ever imagine! I love the golden nugget build but I've grown very fond of your relationships with people in your life! Thanks for the fantastic content!
Paul your an awesome dad! ❤🙏❤🙏
The front axle needed moving forward anyway to look right. It looked weird where it was.
I remember when they drug it out of the woods and washed it off under the river ! Amazing job!
Good project pulling great  you tubers together. Started watching Matt's recoveries a while back, led me to Fab Rats and to Robby Layton this little Nugget is more than just a truck.
Get yourselves a fiberglass blanket from Harbor Freight to protect from welder and grinder sparks. They're really nice to have and being a blanket they're easy to maneuver.
Way to go,  so neet to see the nugget getting to the point of awesomeness
The ear rape of the mic picking up the impact drill, and the grinders is brutal!
Yup. I need more cheese 🤣
How's the guy that uses the word eyecrometer call a micrometer calipers? 🤣🤣🤣
it's going to be great when the Golden Nugget is finished.
Absolutely Love this build!!  Cant wait to see the look on Ed's face on the reveal!!   Awesome Job!!!!!
Great job figuring out how to move things to improve clearance and performance!
I just bought a sammi. What size tires did you go with, and what is the offset on the rim?
Can’t tell you how happy I was to see those terrible mismatched tires come off that thing 😂. I obviously knew they were temporary but geez it was driving me crazy
I can't wait for Ed to get this! Awesome work guys!
Looking good..so cool that the kids get involved and help ya out
Small world…Brian from driveline tech used to be in my neck of the woods and made the drive lines for my FJ and then ended up down by y’all. Lucky as he is just the best! Keep up the good work!
THE MOST BADDASS SUZUKI EVER
Not sure if it would work, BUT, I think whe it comes to paint, a nice subtle plywood grain type finish when it comes to the driver door.   Would really pay homage to Ed’s original body work!!
Have you ever used a Tom woods driveshaft?I believe they are also located in Utah.
My mind is having a "GOLDEN NUGGET " orgasm....!!!!!  Actually put the GOLDEN NUGGET somewhere on a trail to be rescued.... As Ed drives along in Matt's morrvair to the rescue, and the look and ed's reaction will be emotional and priceless....!!!!  Don't forget the remote engine kill fob to keep Ed from driving into the sunset and never to return again...!!!!!  We can't live without ed's weather report so ...!!!!
Like what you done. A bit disappointed you never put Eds Wooden door back on!! The make it
Wheels look great on that.
Good sound system to play some of Ed's favorite tunes (country?) would be good
I should have waited to comment, it was great seeing Graydon getting in on the work as well. Guys keep up the great work and every chance you get go in the garage and work with your Dad, he is a wealth of information and learning. I would jump at the chance to work with him.
Wrong side weld; I hate when that happens.
Thornbirds.. the gnarliest set of slicks you could ever get.
The nugget is getting very close. You all have done an excellent job. I really like when a problem arises and things don't go just as planned and you figure out another way to accomplish it like those shocks, the room for the diff by moving the axle leaf springs forward. It's all so cool to see you come up with alternative ways of achieving your goals. I do things like that but not even close to your level. Keep up the fine work.
SWEEEEET! Way to go guys, the rig is lookin' great!  You guys are awesome for doing this for Ed. Cheers! What are the odds that Ed drives it out to the same place and gets it stuck just as before.....🤣
Landon, keep up the work in the shop, it is great to see you working next to your Dad. Start making him teach you with less time you watching and more time with him watching you.
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
Great video Fab Rats! I'm sure I'm not the only one, but I'm on edge of my seat waiting for the Golden Nugget to get handed over to Ed. I think his reaction will be priceless to say the least. The whole build is looking great so far.
Cool to see your kids learning the trade working with their hands but....not much on PPE buddy.... what about your kids man. Don't want to be mean here but....ears and eyes buddy.
Oh my goodness, it's turning out so adorable!
Won’t be long now
I love the family aspect of this channel, on top of the other awesomeness.
Paul, you are the man.
come home from work and to my surprise. another Nugget video. im overjoyed. but also saddened its coming to an end. would love to see more vids like this. willys or samurai maybe? good job guys
You had the caster explanation backwards.  You want the relationship between the upper and lower ball joints or king pins to be positive (increasing wheel base.)  Negative caster will give you severe instability and death wobble.
Looking sooooooo good.
Awesome cool 🆒️ 😎 👍
What you all are doing for Ed is just incredible. He's gonna love it!   Awesome to see the younglings out in the shop working too. So much better way to grow up rather than sitting in front of the tv with a cellphone in hand. God bless you guys.
Now that's some quality time with your kids.
Those tires and wheels look fantastic. The Golden Nugget is transforming into a gem. It’s going to be a little beast out on the trails. It surely will turn a lot of heads. Looking forward to the bumper build and winch installation.
You should get yourself an old Lada Niva and build a rock crawler or something out of it. I've always wanted to see someone turn one into a proper offroader. They're pretty capable little cars stock, so may be fun.
My 9 year old is named Greadon. He enjoys watching you and Matt and Robby's videos with me. I got a call from our local fabrication shop today while watching this video and I brought Greadon along so the owner could teach him about welding and the type of work they do. I'm not sure if you realize the impact these videos have on kids. Thanks for keeping it family friendly and keep up the good work!
#30 on trending Rock on team!
This is legendary and so is Ed. Quite fitting! Great work Fabrats team. Editing is fantastic Michelle!
I like how you are teaching your kids about fixing vehicles is a great thing. When it was you and Landen the commentary was hilarious in my opinion between you two. My best part was when you decided to take precautions when you were grinding on that frame by the gas tank.  In my opinion being part of this whole project is incredible even though I am just a fan of everyone
NOOOO!!!!!! Don't paint it!!! That patina is perfect!
Nice!!
Awesome video i wish i could come down to your shop and have you help me i have a 2018 nissan frontier pro4x that I'm building up
ed is going to flip
cant wait to see it done! so close!
Turn "I think" into "this needs to be". Uncertainty replaced with decisiveness.
Fab rats just amazing you guys should build a 66 4 door international into a lockatron would be a beast crawling recovery unit !;)
Can't wait to see this thing done! And the fj! Love the videos! Keep it up guys!
Little bump and grinding
Ed is going to be so excited when he sees it I'm happy for him. The work that you have put in it in a short period of time is awesome 👌 keep it up and it will be done ✔️ God bless you guys and as always be safe 👍
Love the father son videos. Never had that.
I laughed when you used the pliers and the hammer to finish punching out that plate from the body. Use what ya got handy, lol!
Can’t wait to see Ed’s face! I wish I had been able to work with my son like you are doing, great parenting.
You may to wish to add to your comments about your Mistakes.  Mistake are Embarrassing, yet they are also a Major Tool for Learning. Amongst the Millwrights I worked with at a steel mill, we were very forgiving of each other's mistakes.  We All Made Mistakes! Although - Being Understanding came  after Joking a bit about the Stupidity Involved in Such A Mistake. *Humor Is King & Welcomed*
Man Ed is gonna be excited to finally get this think back and be able to wheel with you guys now you guys sure turned a pig into a princess great job keep it up
Love the channel and just wanted to say that I was a mechanic for 15 years and did wheel alignments all the time but your explanation was the first ever time I totally understood Caster. Thanks and keep up the good work!
thats a micrometer for your eyecrometer a mitutoyo to be exact LOL
That nugget would be sweet for ultra tight trails
Somehow I imagine this will be revealed to Ed as if it's the restored Banana, but tada... it's the Golden Nugget.
Well, she 'aint stock no more. It'll be interesting to see if that engine has enough grunt. Those tire might be a bit overkill...perhaps something much lighter weight and about 2" less in diameter would be better? I reckon you'll find out. The old man is gonna freak out when he gets a load of this. He's gotta know something is going on with this thing...they didn't go and dig it out for nothing after all.
I noticed it was gone when I came by the  other day. Can’t wait to see it finished it’s gonna be cool.
Awesome videos.when you guys are done with this you guys need to find another Ed type project ..I just love seeing the younger generations helping the older generation like you guys are doing for ED.
LOOKIN' Great!!  your Yota Rat Rod rocks!  Saw it at Matt's outing/video ~ Winter 4x4 Jamboree
What about the dash
You made the trending page!!!
What a transformation. Each upgrade is pretty fantastic, but when you put it all together it's amazing. The stance with the new tires and rims is beautiful, and it takes a while to believe that this once was a Suzuki. Can't wait to see the truck in the paint shop. Ed's not going to believe his eyes.
Hey what size are the golden nuggets lights? I work at B&M Bumper and Hitch here in Phoenix, AZ  and would like to send them to Ya'll.
WHITE LETTERING ON TIRE OUT JERRY!
Will there be a revealing date for the golden nugget, if like to see ED's reaction... You all put so much work in effort to do this for him, you ask are awesome n I'd like to be there...
Stellar work guys!
You should probably give Robby an instruction manual on "here is how to totally dismount the hood, front fenders and the cab". Save him some time for paint prep.
PLEASE get some safety glasses or goggles for the young ones. I would hate to see something happen to any of them. I love watching them work with you and learn from you. Take care of their eyes.
I hope to see you follow Ed out on a trail for an episode
I hate to mention, but I would imagine you thought of it and it wouldn't work... why didn't you switch sides for the spring plates with the shock mounts?
Found bobble head Ed at 13:33! Love the series. I can't wait till the reveal to Ed. Also, still want to see you take the Yota to show the guy you got it from.
Assume this is off road only vehicle.
Lookin Good!
I love how the boys are enjoying learning, isn't your daughter interested? both of mine were right there with their brothers. My oldest will work right next to her husband building a deck, hanging drywall, changing the brakes on her suburban. The youngest CAN but would rather pay someone...
What are the imbeaded steel and d rings in the floor under the lift for?
Dude love that u get the kids involved!.. the channel is amazing !! Tell the Mrs we need more of her laughing !! Strong work you all ! # Chicagoland
Pebble Crawler
Anyones else curious how many times a day they catch something on fire… they need a garage sprinkler system sponsor😬
I got to your channel from this project while watching Matt's channel.  I can see why you guys are friends, doin good stuff for good folks.  I can't wait to see Ed's reaction when you guys do the big reveal.  PS. it's awesome to see those kids in there learning how to get stuff done, congrats!
.                                              .
That was a great idea to scoot the front axle forward. The gloss black wheels are perfect!
Wise decision on the body swap. Ed is not getting any younger.
is it just me or do the videos seem a lot different with the new camera guy?
That's looking real sweet, great father/son project.
Nice job Paul! Comin right along now. Glad u took a break & had fun with the Yota. Excellent! Can't wait to see her painted. You've got great kids. Keep up the good work and God bless you and your family.👍😎🙏🇺🇸⚓❤️
Make sure you come up with a “Golden Nugget” logo!💕👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍😍👍👍👍👍👍
I'm OCD but I'd love to see you working on 15 projects at one time just to drive those people crazy that insist you complete one project at a time. What fun is that? More than likely you'd spend a lot of time waiting for parts and specific problems would come up. A good shop always has several projects to work on so you have room to walk away for a bit. Love the involvement of you kids. Eye protection and Safety first! Thanks for bringing us along.
Flapper wheels are gold!
No test drive... whaaat?
Love the Grayden cam! Keep’em coming.
it's a micrometer, not a caliper, but you knew that.
Nice helper you got there!
Toe in / out - how straight it goes. Caster - how easy it turns - top back negative. Camber  in / out  - top in helps tires grip when the body roles to that side.
Thanks
What size are the Milestar Tires? 31/10.50’s? That’s going to be a very capable little trail Rig. I think people will be surprised where it will go. Small, light and a great turning radius. Ed will be so proud of this Rig. I can see him doing UTV recoveries when they get stuck in the sand. He has to carry a nice Yellow MORR Rope in the Nugget.   I’m getting ready to order a set of Milestar Patagonia M/T’s 33/12.50’s for my 78 Jeep CJ.
Keep after it !!
From the recovery in the mountains to now is awesome! Ed's going to love wheeling this Golden Nugget.
USE SMALLER TIRES. It looks stupid with donuts on it. Pizza cutters are what it was designed for. Your just trying to make it a Jeep. Sad.
Kinda wish I'd had someone like you for a dad. Then I'd have learned to fix cars at a young age. That said, I do hope you take the other body and frame and build a whole nother Nugget. You've got the frame from the doner car, and the old body from the Golden Nugget. You could make two. One for Ed, one for you
Thats going to be so cool when it's done. I do however think if you can bend that steering rod so easily with a pipe...it'll bend on the trail.
Your son working with you brings back good memories of working with my boys. They are 34 and 36 now with kids of their own. I still get to work with then now and then but mostly good memories. Cheers Terry
Coming together nice Paul!
Put some glasses on the boy under the jeep.  It's too easy to get a bit of rust in the eyes. Love your channel ❤️
Did you mean to say positive caster? Keep up the good work.
I hope it's not going to be too rigid ride for the old fella.
The nugget looks like it’s about the size of a samarai on camera, is that pretty accurate?
#32 on Trending
Looking...... OUTSTANDING!    🤠
Was wondering if you could put a solid axle on a 2003 chevy duramax
This is awesome e seeing the youngins down the shop they don't realise just how amazing those memories will be when they get to full time wrenching on the big stuff the nugget loo,s great you uave done a spectacular job making it all fit together. And you made me laugh as I use the I like it alot saying in the shed too great vid can't wait for the next one
Those wheels and tires are way overkill. They weigh more than the truck.
Man you guys are awesome!!!! Love to see your boys in the shop learning your trade.. keep on keeping on
LMAO!! - WHACK! "Hey dad 🤣" - Classic teen. Hahaha!!
Anyway to have a welding hood for the camera so we can watch?
6:31 that's what she said
You forgot the, "stuck in the sierra nevada mountains" in the title lol
Michelle's Jeepster next?
I should’ve kept my blazer and sent it your way, you would’ve loved Betty white
Hey there young'uns. Please don't paint that. Leave at least some of the charm.   Ed doesn't need to pick up girls. (Or does he?)
New subscriber from indonesia lombok island, i like your work at lj car
Moving the front axle forward should also give Ed a bit less choppy ride with a longer wheelbase. Are you going to add fender flares or extensions to keep the cops from bothering him with the width at the tires?
Ed is going to love this! I cant wait to see the next video! Keep up the great work!
I really like that you are getting your son involved in this. Just thangs for the future.
I don't know how that kid did that without eye protection. Everytime I crawl under my jeep, I get crap in my eyes even with glasses on. lol
Paul, you want positive caster, not negative.
Trending!! Heck Yeah Son!! So Awesome!! 🏁🇺🇸🏁🇺🇸🏁🇺🇸
I really enjoy your videos and look forward to each new one.
Ed will have a good time running that up the trail and parking where they found his other Golden Nugget..
"Measurin' it twice, cuz we can weld-it thrice"
"Doin' it nice, cuz we do it twice"
Hey Paul could you not have just switched the rear spring plates side to side so that the bolt for the shock was sticking out the correct way for your situation?
Nice work the Golden Nugget is looking awesome and it's so good to see father and son's working on this project together.
Lookin good
paul whispers "i burnt myself"...2 weeks later dozens of pallets of burn gel and bandaids with no return address arrive at the fabrats shop
Looks great. Its always good to see the early Samurai brought back to life. On your exhaust though, some of the TinTop Samurai guys have found that if they dont run the exit like stock (bend behind driver tire and a couple of inches past the body, level)they would get exhaust inside the cabin (weird thing about the Suzuki's). Like I said earlier though, its great to see this LJ back (almost) on the street/trail.
Smart young man.I’ll move.
Another day in the books. For the nugget.  Y’all should occasionally make Nugget Adventures Videos. 😂
What's being done with the finish on the frame and axles?
GET ED ON A RECOVERY OUT SECOND TIME HE DRIVES IT. MAKE HIM FEEL SPECIAL. YOU DESRVEIT. WE LOVE YOU EDWARD. LOVE FROM CREWE (THE HOME OR BENTLEY MOTOR CARS) ENGLAND
Coming together beautifully!!
I could be wrong, but I don’t think you guys have started it yet. It’d be cool to save that first start video for when Ed does it for the first time
I hope Robby is going to do a plywood style paint job on one door.
Robby going to watching ur videos trying to figure out how you put everything together
You explained it properly, but maybe had a brain fart and used the wrong word; it's POSITIVE caster that you want, not negative. Upper ball joint closer to the firewall then the lower ball joint is positive, and what gives straight line driveability, plus steering wheel return (make a turn, let go of the wheel and it returns to center-ish).  I love how much y'all have done to that little guy! I really like how stock looking the body is.
Ed will go anywhere now
100%, Blowing Up is the bad part!     :)
In the future should the Golden Nugget break down, who will work on it? You seem to be the only one to call since it's a new creation vehicle, nothing factory in it. (smiles). You may have to provide a manual with all info of the entire vehicle rebuild, so they know what parts & sizes. I have to say, you have a lot more patience than most ... maybe a lot of editing? lol A rewarding work for Ed, he's be shocked & happy!
I remember watching the rescue of the nugget. I can't remember if Ed knows your redoing his truck or not? I hope it's a surprise.
You forgot to mention that the tires & wheels were donated for the Nugget
I do believe your caliper was a micrometer
Looks so good. Nice tire/wheel selection.
I have blown a gas tank up by grinding by it like that. Melted my eyelashes together I couldn't open my eyes. And it threw me on my ass smart move covering the tank
It’s great you are getting your kids involved they will have great memories
I have blown a gas tank up by grinding by it like that. Melted my eyelashes together I couldn't open my eyes. And it threw me on my ass smart move covering the tank
Seek Jesus! Repent for the Kingdom is at hand! Jesus is the way! The truth! And the life! He’s the ONLY way!  Open the Bible, read and understand that we are in the last days! Put your full trust in him! Believe 1 Corinthians 15 1-4!
Those “calipers” are actually a 1”- 2” micrometer.
Ed's gonna tear up when he sees his new gem
Hey Paul when you’re lighting your torch you can keep it from blowing out as much by putting the tip up against a bit of metal at a somewhat shallow angle
Golden Nugget is looking mighty fine !!! Everyone has done a great job 👍 once it's done ( painted and everything ) the wood door and side panel, that Ed built, should be hung on it sumhow without harming anything . And it should come to the rescue when Matt gets stuck out somewhere while on a call and Ed is with Matt  ,, kinda like how it all was at Matt's bday party thing !?!?!?!?    That would be great way to give it back to Ed !!! The Golden Nugget comes to the rescue and everyone is hid near by ,,,, hope everyone can understand what I getting at and saying ,,, anyways everyone has done a great job and I personally thank everyone even though I don't know any of ya lol again thanks to everyone for doing a wonderful job and anyone that helped with this , I proud of each of you ,,,, wish sumone would do anything like this for my old ride but unfortunately I sold my ride today and probably never even see it again
I got to ask. What about fender extensions for the golden nugget? Those tires stick out a bit. And that blown up and removal of body parts, hurts. LOL
I've enjoyed watching y'all on this project. The first one where you recovered it popped up into my recommended and I've been following since. Love how you have the little guys involved.
You've done a really nice job on the Golden Nugget. I can't wait to see when Ed gets it back.
You should put a couple tacks on the nuts for the e-brake handle.  The first guy that has to take that off will either thank you or curse your name.
Absolutely fantastic job. You have done so well building and engineering this car. I can't compliment you enough on a job very well done. Ed will be so happy with it.
Maybe I missed something, wheres the video of getting the engine to run , testing the transmission, off road and on road test? Sounds like only one video left before delivery to Ed.
Two cans of yellow spray paint should paint the whole thing with two coats..lol🤣
My entire family is watching this right now. We love your channel! Just want you guys to know, you are important to us. We watch this channel before anything else. Thank You guys for all the hard work and awesome videos.
So awesome to see the progress on the Nugget and also to see the kids helping out and not playing on video games or on a phone
Hopefully my envelope has arrived,  a little something for the Yota, the Nugget and the tool box.
What exactly does this guy do to make money? I would love to stay in my shop and get my  projects done
******************I sent you guys a box of goodies n didn't see it on the video.I'm ok with that but I don't know what I did with the tracking number.I know packages get stolen all the time.Just want to make sure you'll got it
Love the videos. Also that was not a micrometer, that was a micrometer!
So is there anything left of the original truck?.... or is it just a bunch of different parts from other vehicles put together?....
With those wide tires, be nice if you added some fender flares to keep the the cab from getting full of flying debris.
Coming right a long!   It would be great if you guys could do walk around footage of the rigs at the end of videos too
Gosh dang! Paul, Michelle, you guys are putting out great content video after video. Really inspiring to see all the progress! Great work you guys 👍🏻
Stopped watching this series because there is virtually nothing left of the car that was dragged from the woods.
So if Ed doesent know what your doing to his rig, where doese he think it is??
It's crazy how just Wheels makes things look so much different
Love your work style, and your kids a learning skills they can use for the rest of their lives, awesome!
Awesome job Paul. As usual. True professional. Id take my truck to you anytime. 👍 👍
WAIT, let's see it drive before you send it off.  Please :)
Did you receive the 9 gallons of Dew, ok?
I want my own golden nugget now!
Where’s the grill?
Do you have a front shroud to go around the lights?
that was a really great video  that jeep looks really good
Got to teach them boys the importance of safety gear, when they young aye? Gloves, Glasses and ear plugs or muffs . When your old and have done your time in life, not having them is your decision, the young people need the best chances going forward ,do you agree?
Greetings from Torrance! Wow, its like yesterday when the Nugget was pulled off the mountain. I know there is a lot of sweat, money and love making this all happen.  Ed is blessed with such good friends. From one Paul to another, thank you taking us with you on this journey.
Those tires are over kill way to big for the size of the body.
Did I miss the part where they actually heard it run?  Drive it? Talking about paint and body seems premature.
ISN’T ED WONDERING WHERE HIS LITTLE “NUGGET” IS AND WHEN HE WILL GET IT
What size milestars they throw on lol
I LIKE THAT IDEA TO CALL MATT FOR A RESCUE WITH ED AND YOU SHOW UP IN THE “ GOLDEN NUGGET”.  IT WOULD BLOW ED’S MIND
Hey kid, safety glasses when working underneath a vehicle.
Love that your kids have tools in there hands instead of a video game controller 💪👍
I am in awe of your many skills.. best wishes from Carlisle in Cumbria, England
My cousin was a welder and use to flip his helmet down like you did right at the beginning..........he's got serious neck issues now......
Ready to see it in the trails
Paul, you sure you don't mean 4-8 degrees POSITIVE caster?  Great video!
It won't be long before we see a Fab Rats Jr. ewetoob channel..........
It's a pebble crawler!
Looking fantastic! Nice to see some help in the shop too.
You need to get you some rivnut sets makes installing things like the ebrake handle lot easier and smoother. The nugget is looking great! I git feeling Ed end up just make it his daily driver lol
Nice to see the project is almost done.
Looking good guys. Keep up the good work. Thanks for sharing.
You got a very young mechanic working for you.
this is one that im interested in ! cant wait !
Been waiting for this darn episode!
Well, it's a '49, '50, '51, '52, '53, '54, '55, '56 '57, '58' 59' automobile It's a '60, '61, '62, '63, '64, '65, '66, '67 '68, '69, '70 automobile!
MIGHTY WORK LADS
"Hot! hot! hot!"  Haha! I wondered for a minute if you and Matt are related with burning yourselves. Massively great job you're doing with the Nugget. I can't wait to see Ed's face at the reveal.
roll bar for the nuggett ?
Idky but I keep getting unsubscribed to your channel. I’m definitely not doing it
What no side bars/fender extensions ??? It'll save that pretty Lemon paint ...
That's not a rock crawler, it's a pebble bouncer XD
I'm sure I'm not the first to mention it, but Paul's quick little throwaway explanation of caster angle was one of the shortest, best explanations anyone's ever given.
I think it might be cool to make a tool box out of eds old door  to keep stuff in the back of the nugget
Positive Caster* not Negative.
Wow
It ain't "Hot" it just don't take long to look at it !!!
Your comments about blowing up made me laugh.  About 30 years or so ago, I was helping a friend fix the mounting points on his Honda’s gas tank.  I’m under the car, holding the tank up and I give the bracket to my friend.  It had broken and his dad was going to weld it back together, but first…it needed to be ground down.  Cue the sparks bouncing across the floor, under the car with me and the leaking tank…no one exploded or burnt.
Can’t wait to see the Nugget doing burnouts with circus music in the background. Looking good!
Am I alone on the idea that once it's painted and done you should put a wrap on it that looks like the old plywood door?🤔
That thing might be small but it looks like it’s ready to take on the world. Those milestar patagonias look much better than the dry rotted 40 year old rubber it was sitting on. This thing is gonna look great once it gets some paint
That little nugget is as cute as a button, great work.
Impressive work, with tons of improvising, that what i like more.
Best part of my day many thanks!
Really great way of avoiding responsibility for yourself 👍 10/10
It is really special when dads let their boys work on things at a young age. It’s something that they’ll be telling their own children someday. “When your Grandpa an I worked on the Golden Nugget…..”
Is Robbie going to be painting it
Your wife needs to visit Matt's shop and give Rudy a haircut
MICROMETERS PAUL!!!! lol come on buddy!!! i do hope someday i can inspire my kiddos to come out in the shop and help out!! keep up the good stuff!!
15 min great kid working
You can't tell me that ED doesn't know about the nugget you had it so long.
The look all came together once those tires and wheels were on it!
Good video. Teaching your boys is something they'll remember.  After doing a cab swap, automatic to standard , marrying conventional electrics to an electronic cab. Sure was fun. I'm chomping at the bit for Ed to try it out.
Awesome 👏 🤠🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Would love to see this painted a mid 60's GM GOLD... instead of yellow. It is the GOLD nugget, not the yellow nugget !
Good job!!! He is going to love it!!
Dear Michelle : we true fans recognize the incredible complexity of frankensteining 2 so different vehicles into one and know how truly quickly it has come together
I believe Paul could build a opossum.
I'd be giving it a bit of a test before sending it off to make sure that under normal to slightly off road didn't rub anywhere before sending it off for painting. i.e. give it a good flog around the yard and over a few gutters
not much in this world  excites me anymore but the golden nugget project gets me all giddy when i see a new episode is up. I can't wait to see it finished. thanks for the great work and thanks for doing this for Ed, its a very kind thing.
Little Golden Nugget is coming out nicely!!!
Suzuki design & development department. 10 men, 6 months time, $1,000,000.00 budget to redesign the Nugget. Fab Rats D&D. Chop this bit off. Stick this on there. Whack this bit with a bigger hammer. Budget $100.00 (for coffee and such). Done. Bush engineering at it's best. Well done team.
Guys, please, when you give it back to Ed, don't tell him all you did to it. Just say here Ed we cleaned it up and got it running for you and see what he says about how different it is :D
Been watching since it was recovered, I can't wait for the nugget to be painted it's gonna look awesome 👍
Hey Paul, Glad every thing went well at the Jamboree. Wish I could have been there. The Nugget is looking great, Ed is going to be blown away. This has been such a labor of love from so many people. There  has just been so much work put into this little rig. And it is nice to see the young ones helping out as well. Keep up the great work, be safe and may God continue to Bless you all.
Golden Nugget You should put together a "Video Collaboration" with everyone. A start to finish with all the cut scenes and name it "Not to be Left in the Cold"  and/or something like that. Also all the proceeds to help pay for all the hard work, parts, and etc.
Have tools (Big hammer, Bigger Hammer, some old screwy drivers and a Battery powered Saw) Will Travel.  That's my Resimay!  Wanna Partner?
You need to do a before and after comparison when it comes back from the paint shop
Day 52 of asking for a dissection of the original nugget engine
Man, you have plenty of help in all ages. Great episode!
"Not me welded that on the wrong side" best line ever
The milestar tires make it look wicked. I absolutely can’t wait to see the finished product! I’m almost as excited about this as I have been the FJ build. I’m most excited to see Ed’s reaction though.
👍🇸🇪❤️
It's coming together so awesome! Cheers from Northern Sweden
👍👍👍👍👍
Ed’s is going to be one very happy old man damn awesome job guys 🤙🏽
Looks like clearance could be tight for the front wheels while turning and compressing that side threw a gutter or  anything off-road. My point being it looks like it could really use a little 1” lift. Maybe extra leaf or chopped leafy under the pack’s ?  Otherwise it looks Awsome!!
You guys had better hurry up Ed may not be able to use it much.
If Junkyard Wars was still a thing I would want these guys on it
Y’all looking for a experienced technician/fabricator ? I have pretty extensive experience on just about every kind of piston engine powered anything. Live in millcreek and I’m tired of all the people. Looking to move to a smaller town. And y’all seem to have my dream job!…. Minus the whole video record thing.
Greetings from England.  It took a whole team of people and about half a dozen vehicles, some of which suffered significant damage, to get The Golden nUgget out from the wilderness. Since getting it back, the body, engine, transmission, dashboard, steering system and wheels have all been replaced, much of it not Suzuki, and the chassis has been cut about in order to make it all fit.  Why didn't you save yourselves all the hassle and just buy Ed a replacement vehicle?
Edd should take up golf .. the GN woild be an ideal GB ( golf buggy ) tearing up the fairways .. .lol.  What a different looking unit now. Bushyboy Oz.
Can you at least put eds wood door back on it.
Hi Paul , it’s been a great project getting the golden nugget back running after forty years parked at Ed’s canyon , l love the channel  seeing what your doing and also when out with Matt , hope your feeling stronger after your loss ,stay safe all the best ,Graham .🇬🇧👍
You got the Vector, Victor.
When I did not hear that high nasal dork you have swinging your camera, I thought for sure we could enjoy one of your videos, unfortunately, I was wrong!
Looking awesome!
I love watching you guys ever since the golden nugget recovery you guys do awesome work even the video editing, watching all the way from anchorage Alaska
Please get some safety glasses on the boy when under there with metal shavings.
I just got notified of this video as I'm watching Tom Brady getting his a$# whooped, which is very important for someone to stomp him😂, but let me watch the new fab rats instead 👍👍👍
Such a privilege to have a vehicle you guys have basically designed and built!
Great video guys! Nice to see you working with your boys, on such a great project! Keep up the great work! Please stay safe everyone.    Jim
Holy WOW! nice gifts Man. You are a smooth talker my friend...
I still want to know what was the point of getting Ed's Suzuki out of the woods when all that is used is the frame.. I mean why not just give him any other random Suzuki..
Did you ever figure out the dash? I don’t remember seeing it in a video. I’m excited to see this on its virgin trail run!
You and Matt seem to have a definite favoring toward those Milestar tires, which is odd because almost every set I've come across either mounting or balancing at the shop I work at seems to have pretty bad hop/movement, or wants way more balancing weight than any Toyo's or Yokohama's we sell more commonly.
She's coming along nicely!
Have you ever heard of something known as rivnuts?  Instead of using nuts and bolts to mount things like the parking brake handle with bolts through the floor and nuts under the vehicle you could simply install a few rivnuts and have a much cleaner install.
on the right side, weld practice. can not wait to see this thing on the road and ed behind the wheel.
I want one!
I have a friend who lost a finger using an angle grinder without gloves on when the disk exploded. Please teach those boys good habits in the workshop.
You do awesome work on metal fabrication and stuff so I enjoy your videos and you're kind of comical so it's cool man have to be you got the same name I have which is Paul so I know you're an awesome guy anyway God bless you and have a great day dude
I love seeing your boys working with you in the shop. They really love helping.
We do it right cuz we do it twice 🤣  Would love to work in your shop!
Could you have put the plate on the drivers side instead of cutting it off ?
Wow awesome!
I don’t think I’ve ever looked forward to a final video more that this series. This has been an epic journey. 👍🏼
Ed is going to be trail riding with the big boys
excited to see the progress, can't wait till it's done!!
Explosions are just very angry fires.
Next time you should make sure that little boy is wearing clear safety glasses under that vehicle, so he doesn't get metal shavings in his eyes.
what did you exactly to move the axle forward? did you just redrill the locator pin and moved it forward by how much?
Admire your shop! Would you share the LxWxH dimensions? Looks perfect!
I wait for every new episode, love watching the progress .. the frame on the Nugget sure seems flimsy  ?
In the end, I think you shoulda just painted a suzuki samurai yellow and called it a day.
So nice what you all do for Ed! He will remember this forever!
that was a micrometer, not a caliper
Finally the thornturds are GONE!    Golden Nugget is looking fantastic guys.........
I think Ed is gonna use that to rescue
Have you guys thought about doing a patina style paint job on the Nugget? It would preserve her gold mining heritage! I don't Know Ed personally but he may not want to use or scratch some thing that looks as nice as the Banana. I've been following along and in my opinion I'm not sure you should paint it at all. The old Suzuki looks pretty good just the way she sits compared to what you started with!! Keep up the great work Paul your channel rocks
Great father and son project
I am BEGGING you guy to work safer. Put the guards back on the grinders and cutters. When they come apart, the pieces can and have penetrated skulls and chests killing people as effectively as any projectile.   Never work without eye protection. That brief second of life changing destruction can not be changed once done. Set an example for the kids and viewers.   I am seriously imploring you. PLEASE!
Looking awesome!
The Nugget looks a lot taller on Grayden Cam
Your video’s are not long enough.  Lol.  👵🏼 love watching them.  I used to work on my truck and Buick but now I drive a RAV4 Toyota.  No work needed on it. ( yet 🙏).  God bless y’all
Speaking from experience you have to be super careful with Samurai wheel studs and over torquing lug nuts.  They stretch like butter.  Too many ugga duggas bad lol
You sound like me. SHOCKAFIED
Great mentoring of your wonderful little boys, Paul!
(1) It's great to see you working on the Golden Nugget again. (2) It' AWESOME that you have the whole Fam Damily working on it. Although, Michelle was dropping the ball on this one. LOL I guess if you count the editing for the video, she did in fact work on it. And (3) I'm always amazed at how you can figure ways to overcome the fabrication problems Paul. That "EyeCrometer" is a gift.
It's getting closer to the finish line!  Is it going to be Banana yellow like Matt's stuff?
You didn’t get an invite to Heavy D’s party? Oh that’s right Call you when they need rescued.
Apple
🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Not sure what Grandpa Sherman’s father did for a living, but what you see right here is at least the third generation of the Cox’s learning from their dad by working with him and using their hands and minds, getting after it with the family.  GN = Golden Nugget, Getting Near (the end), Good Night!
I think bobblehead Ed gives his approval 🙂👍👍
I subscribed when Ed had Matt fish it out for him. Been great following this build. Can't wait to see it buttoned up and given back to him.
That little jeep is awesome!  Looks like a little Samurai or mini Land Cruiser.  That little guy is so stiff, it might be good with 1 or 2 springs in each pack.  Lol.
I am always amazed at the people that care and share with Fab Rats. Machinist knew he was getting older and things were laying around and could be put to better use. Passing it on. Imagine all the shop talk you could have with him! Also how Fab Rats is so humble to  receive and not take for granted. To use and not waste.
Can’t wait to see this all painted and presented to Ed.  You all are doing great work and I love watching
Wow big difference probably better now than  even before Ed left it how many years ago
Anyone else *always* think the rat in the fab-rats intro is hitting himself in the gonads w/ that ball-peen-hammer thing?
Well Paul, it's coming together 👍 Matt is going to get mad if you start touching all the fresh hot parts🤔😉 You have all the boys helping in this one, great to see 👍👍. They will all have stories to tell and things to build in their futures.
It's nice to see you getting the boys some ”O J T " for later on. On the Job Training.
Shop tip, when you get antiseiz on your fingers use free all, takes it right off
sweet...
I have been loving this build so much. Had a 1988 Suzuki Samaria hard top beefed up and that little 4x4 would go anywhere! I can not wait to see the final product and the look on Ed’s face when. He sees it for the first time. Thank you so much for bringing us one great vlog after another. Paul is amazing and I really love seeing your family. Thanks for all your hard work too, Michelle!
Hold on a minute!! There’s got to be a test drive to check everything BEFORE it goes to Robbie- Right??
Rearward tilt on the knuckles is positive caster. I always remember on solid axle stuff positive good, negative bad.  Did you re drill the springs or just punch a new hole in the perch?? Cool little rig.
#16 on trending holy crab that's incredible
If the z link steering causes too much bump steer try the Mercedes OTT mod. It uses control arm from drivers side of SEL sedan moved to passenger side of Suzuki axle and bolts on caliper mounts if I remember right. Gives you over the top of leafs steering and a level connection from box to axle.
The taller the tire the less caster you need.
Fail!!! Micrometer not caliper.
The caster angle puts the center of the tire ahead of the axle center line.
So looking forward to Ed seeing the nugget finished.  Everyone involved has done such a great job with this project!
No drop pitman arms available?
Sundays with Fab Rates, MORR and Robby is a good time.  :-)
It's really coming together.
enjoyed till the 15min mark  get some safety glasses on that boy  WTF
Jesus loves you he died on the cross for your sins. All you have to do is believe in him and you will be saved. ❤ ✝️
Coming together.  Ed is going to be speechless.
Good job guys! Love that little fab rat helper on the creeper.  Very cool!
Good work by good folk!
Sweet👍
cool build!
Micrometer
Michelle is a really beautiful woman (cept for the helicopter laughing) Randall is a star, Dar is a darling, Paul is a master craftsman, its a pleasure to watch you all.
9:59 - MICROMETER not caliper. LOL 1"-2" Micrometer. 🙂 Looks like maybe a Mititoya .
At 10:00, "calipers" = micrometer.  Like an eyecrometer, but way more accurate! 😜
Put the plywood door on for the presentation to Ed. Then you can put the metal door on after.
You should show Ed the mountain of parts that were replaced before you show him the finished nugget.
I can’t wait to see you guys hand the golden nugget back  to Ed . You guys have done an awesome job.
I was hoping to see it drive this time you tease. heh.
I hope you plan to add steps to help Ed get up, into the GN
12:08 FYI, if it can't set cardboard on fire, it's not gonna get a gas tank hot enough to detonate...
Good to see it's a family affair.
Looking good!!
Thanks for this great video series.   It was tremendously educational.   Thanks for all the effort and time you devote to your channel.  It is appreciated.  Congratulations on a project well-done.  Thanks again.
Great work.
Don,t ruin the old yellow paint OK
I think u are a great teacher and fabricator. But don’t forget to teach your son to work safely. Let him wear earprotection when grinding and stuff. He needs his ears and hearing the rest of his life, once gone it won’t come back.  And gloves could prefend injury to when using Powertools..  Love to see the vid’s, keep them coming!  Greetings from the Netherlands!
Wow since I started watching this channel the boys have grown. You forget how kids grow so fast  but watching the boys in the workshop must make you proud. Brilliant youtube channel  and we thank you for the time and personal information you share with us all. From us here in New Zealand 🇳🇿 😍
First words out of EDs mouth where’s my plywood door. LOL 😆 can’t wait to see EDs face when she’s done. Paul such a humble man!
Did I hear an AvE reference? lol
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
9:52 I'm a machinist that makes racing parts and I can assure you we have maybe 15-20 conversion charts posted around the shop 😅
Wish I could fast-forward to Ed’s reaction.
Don't you need to put a step so he can get in and out easier
Ed's Suzuki is coming right along. It looks cool. It looks like a dwarf Jeep. Ed is going to be impressed.
Gittin there Paul Gittin there!
TWICE is NICE  Boys........It is called education...
When's it finally going to be ready Michelle?
That tin body needs a simple roll cage.
I love seeing your son work with you
the tiers are nice
The golden nugget has so much love into making it awesome 🤘
I just pray ole ED sheds a tear when he drives and sees  it for the first time....AFTER all the work you folks have done...
Pffff, that was no caliper, that right there was a C clamp.  :)   Love the videos, keep up the great work.
The Layton crew has done a beautiful job on the MORR Banana. Can't wait to see them put the icing on the FabRats 'cake'!
Ed's gonna cry
Oh my, the nugget is standing tall and proud now!! Looks great!
That thing is slowly transforming from a meek little Zuki to a Golden beast. Can’t wait to see Ed’s reaction!
Getting closer!
Caliber…. Micrometer
what you do unto the least of these, you have done it unto me --Jesus                                                   🤔
Why dont people like the white letter out anymore these days? I saw they are flipped in on the nugget the white letter especially on blacked out wheel setup looks so sweet.
Those are micrometer's, not calipers at 9:58.
One thing missing from a nice shop. EAR PROTECTION.  You'll thank me later....Thanks for sharing. I love watching.
Wear earmuffs with that damn grinder
Fun episode!!!
Very cool.
Needs wider wheel arches
Not gonna lie, I think it would be cool if you put some of the wooden door onto these doors to give it a bit of a Woody look and honor Ed’s ingenuity.
At this point whats even left or the original nugget? Some of the frame?
Thanks for doing this for Ed!
Getting so close. I hope Ed didn't catch wind of what is going on during the winter 4x4. Thank you for your time.
That was awesome how the wheels & tires were donated for the golden nugget😆   I watched Matt's video where he said at the end about the tires & wheels being donated. Ed will definitely love the golden nugget when he gets it back😆  Cant wait to see the reveal.
Nice tires! The Golden Nugget is looking real good Paul. Just saw the Banana, and Robby did an awesome paint job. The Nugget will joining the ranks soon too. It is really nice when things come together. I believe Ed will be sooo surprised with what you have accomplished. Great videos too.
Awesome ! And I said AWESOME !!
I've lost count of the number of people who've worked on the gold nugget. But it's great seeing so many people from such a wide swath come together to make something special.
Yeah buddy ! Not long now!
Can’t wait till the next video 👍good job👍Aloha from Hawaii 🤙🏽🌴😎
How about spraying bed liner on the interior?  Might keep the cab rattling like a tin can.
Can't wait to see Ed's Face... I hope he doesn'y get a heart attack when he sees it rolling...
You guys never stop to surprise me - and Crayden is travelling in style, having blue shades
sweet !!
Yooo can you guys do a short episode on all the stuff you use for the youtube channel. Like what tools are you using for YouTube. Cameras lighting workflow. Would be interested to hear your process for getting videos made and uploaded.
Great to see the Golden Nugget progress.  good on ya'all.  And good job Grayden with video, and nutting up the bolts while on the creeper.
Are y’all gonna powered coat the frame or use anything to keep it from rusting in the future just wandering I love all the builds you do
Not sure I would paint the nugget, it has a nice patina as it is and better represents the nugget that Ed drove.
Is the guy helping in the shop the comic relief ? Seems like a pretty good fit to your business. Are you going to paint the Toyota rock crawler? Painted up I think would be awesome.
This has been a great project to watch, who is footing’ the bill for this?
me I woulda swamped the junk wheels back on before sending to paint
It's gone from golden nugget to golden jugernugget!
I like the Milestar Patagonia’s
Ed is going to tear it up in that beast! Can't wait to see him wheeling with the crew in it. God bless Ed!
Grreat vidoe ……… that jeep looked great when u guys got it done!!! Sweet tires on it too 👍
At 2:35 you mention negative caster, but your hand gestures and explaination is exactly correct for positive,,,,, caster. Excellent series my friend!
Those wheels and tires looks so good!
I gotta' admit: every vid from this series has made me tear up a bit. Between what your doing, for who, why and all the good folks involved, (especially your boys), it renews my faith in humanity during a very difficult time. Bless you all! <3
Mountains can be moved with hard work good intentions and love of your fellow man. Rare qualities found on Fab Rats every day. Thanks again Paul and Company.
so awesome   wish  i  had    little  offroad 4x4 for my   gold prospecting and metal detecting adventures lol ed call me   we go  get some gold
I'm glad I could help you out with the lathe/mill tooling and the measuring tools. It's nice to know they are going to someone who will use them to do good things. And that smile on your face was priceless!
Your. Running commentary is so enjoyable.
Hell yeah Ed's gonna have some amazing tires
It's nice to see "proper" thought processes, in action. 😁
Paul, I envy you. 😋
Better control with positive caster
Wouldn't it be nice to see Edd go back to wear the zuke died an drive it back out mission accomplished
Next time, instead of saying a micrometer is a caliper, call it a precision c-clamp 😆. Really give people the sputters
Sweet stance with the tired on.  Another awesome find on the driveshaft flip.
Best way to explain caster, is think about the front wheels of a shopping cart.  The wrong caster, will cause the wheels to wobble all over the place
Oh damn Paul you're gonna give poor old Ed a heart attack whenever he sees the finished product! The Nugget is looking good, and only looking better with each video!
So very close and absolutely awesome! God speed all of you! 🙏
Ed’s going to cry when he sees it!!
Ed gonna be as happy as seeing his first love in 1960. May give him a shimmy
The springs look really stiff, have you considered pulling a leaf to soften them up? Does it even need to be softened up? Obviously hard for me to tell from my backseat drivers position!  Your work is outstanding and that Sammy looks great! You even got me low-key looking for a good JL20 project haha
Paul, like your DAD did for you, the lessons you are teaching your boys will go with them for a lifetime... Its a good thing you do, God Bless You.... Any male can father a child but it takes a real man to be a DAD....
Paul- you seem to be prone to what we call the ID-10-T errors.    (:>D)
Paul,  when are you planning to take it out for a test run?  Before paint or after? Great job and happy to see family along side you helping!
The retired guy who sent you a bunch of cool tools for your lathe sent you a tool with a dial on the handle,it’s called a micrometer not a caliper. “ Golden Nugget is lookin real good!
I love seeing you working your kids. They're going to remember this for all their lives. Thanks to Michelle for all the hard work on the editing also.
I love watching you and your boys work in the shop. One of my favorite things was to work with my Dad in the shop
it's positive caster like a bicycle fork...  negative caster is unstable like a shopping cart caster wheel  :)
Truly a Fab Rats Rod
When you guys get this ready to present the Golden Nugget back to Ed, you should fake up the wood drivers door so it looks like (from 10 feet) it is still installed on the rig.  Should be worth a couple of laughs!
This is my favorite project to follow on YouTube right now.  👍
Early 80s Mercedes 300 sel driver steering arm will bolts on the caliper brackets and give you high steer old zuk trick
Love seeing your kids helping out instead of playing some video game.  Great.  Greetings from Puerto Rico.
Wow Lan is getting really good.  So happy to see a talent passed from father to son.  Keep it up Lan!  You have a talent that is not so common any more.
So close can't wait to see Ed driving it in one of the videos 🤘
… I love seeing Lando and grader… helping with the family Buisness
"Clears our oil pan by way better." I love it. I love watching people who get to work on what they love.
The amount of “Win” for all involved is pretty cool. You deserve it for sharing the Fab. Thanks!
Looking good!
The Nugget is looking good and almost there!! I guess Robby is going to take the body off again and tidy up the frame (chassis) , clean and rust proof etc?? Great job Paul.
Hi.....don't know if you know but just to tell you that your USA womens 7s rugby team won the worldwide competition in Spain today 23 January 2022 !!!!!!  And to say hello from Cape Town!!! Love you guys!!!
i love that you always say eyecrometers. then when your actually holding a micrometer you called it a caliper. lmao. made me laugh.
Good job on the camera and nut-puter-oner Graders!
Think it needs sliders, and a roll bar
Professional cardboard blast shield lol
I'm contestantly adjusting the volume on your videos. Love the videos but I would get some sound equalisation.
At 13.35 Ed's head appears on the frame. I'm not sure how but I have a lot of fuzzy screen.ha ha are you go ing to float it back to Ed soon. .
it is better to replace the seats with bigger & better type for two seaters only…
I love the fact you guys work so well together and your boys just get on with it, no Moaning or excuses. Just happy to be with their pop! And the way they don’t need baby sitting is just great!
Glad kinda to see a end in sight as its old news... not a bad thing, just ready for some new blood
👏👏👍👍👊👊🏆🏆🙏🙏
We need more parents like you! Get those kids out helping and working out in the shop! I love it! Too many parents dont kick their kids in the ass and make them help out now days and they grow up to me self centered lazy assholes that dont want to work! GOOD JOB PARENTS! LOVE IT !
Wear safety glasses when you're working in the shop!
You’ve fantastically generous subscribers 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻✌🏻and the Golden Nugget is looking good!
I would have Robby buff it out and then clear coat the Nugget.
Awesome that you are teaching your kids your craft! I have included my son in working on vehicles and small engine repair and projects since he was very small. As a result, he is the go to person in his group of friends when they are wrenching on things. The project is coming along very nicely. Not trying to be a smarty, but the things you opened up and called calipers is actually a O.D. micrometer. Keep being you, you're a great role model!
You might want to document some of the parts you used for futire repairs. Like that stock drive line, the measurements of the custom rear ect. Be a pain later for someelse to follow up.
Ed would have loved to his gold nugget at that jamboree  Glad you got yours finished
I love Milestar Patagonia MT tires so good. I'm on my 3rd set in the past 5 years. But I think that set of tires heavier than a whole truck
Good to see the Nugget coming along and close to paint.Keep up the great work. Nice to see you got some goodie’s. Thanks again for sharing.☺️☺️☺️👍👍👍👍
Man it looks real good Ed is gunna love hus refurbished Golden nugget
Do not paint it!!! Fix the rust and clear over the patina!
You should try Rc trail or crawlers there a blast . Oh and the zuki looks goodcant wait to see her finished and all.
I like Grayden! He’s got good stuff!!
Dang the Bilstein shocks are the most expensive piece on the whole rig.
Family Affair in your shop.  I vision Ed breaking down and crying........I cannot wait.....
I’m digging the Golden Nugget. I’m getting jealous. What an awesome little vehicle. I bet that little motor is gonna make that thing peppy. I’m thinking once it’s done, a weigh in will be appropriate. I think it’s gonna be super capable. Enough to get Ed into trouble. I can see Ed bringing it to help out  on a recovery. What a proud day that would be.
Won’t rub the front until you hit a bump.
Are yall building two
Where's shop cat
Another fine Golden Nugget video with your JR Fab Rats involved. Looks sweet with matching tires on it.
'I wish it would stay original paint, just seal it.  I think the patina 'as is' would be perfect.  If anything new needs paint, paint it and distress it to match.
Your son should use safety glasses when working with you
Still can't help thinking you should have cut the thing down the middle and put 6" into it. Landrover Perentie-style.
We need clearance Clarence!
Love how you, the wife and crew work with your children, great parenting! Is there a passenger and rear seat in the plans for the Nugget?
Ed’s FJ is a great project.  I enjoyed you explaining why you were making the modifications.  Great to see your boys helping you. Never fire Knotme he the perfect employee to have.  I’ll bet it was Knotme  who asked why can’t we use the rear drive line for the front!
I hope you drive it to robbys. But not if there’s salt
Great job as usual can't wait to see Ed driving The Golden Nugget.  Is  really nice to see you teaching your kids and having   them around you, but also building such memories that will last forever , they are so lucky  congratulations  . Keep it up.
i love how all these youtubers are close by and friends seeing all the angles of this build has been a pleasure
Wondering if Ed found out yet
Dang look at those.  They just changed that thing big time!!
Im torn on this....Im so excited to see Robbie get her all painted up but sad that the build series is about over!
Get her done, old are his religion enjoy that. Stead of riding with Matt giving the weather report someone will have to ride with him and give the weather report. I think Trevor ride with it in the front seat graduate from the rear to shotgun give the weather report.,🤝🏽👏🏾👍🏽🙏🏽✌🏽🤙🏽🤘🏽🙋🏽‍♂️.
Washing  from KC Mo
Well done. Have enjoyed this series.   It would be nice if Ed willed this back to one of your kids. It's a memory they will never forget.  What about a grill?  Where you guys rescued the Golden Nugget I can see Ed just blasting through the brush to his claim.
Want be long now
How about a rollcage? ; )
Positive caster? It ain’t a shopping cart wheel.
So, if Ed ever needs to replace ANYTHING on that rig, he's going to have to get you to custom fab it? LOL
You got'er Toyota . CLASSIC !
That new rubber makes all the difference.
I just love the get it done even if ya do it twice lol .
Wow.. watching this from the start is amazing. I think I speak for us all when I say we cannot wait for the reveal to the ol’ man!! Hats off to all  @ fab rats & Matt’s off road
Everything comes out nice when you do it TWICE... LOL
following the nugget build has been great but man that fj candy in the background gets me everytime
I just wanted to say that because of the way you do things from the way you treat your family, to the way you go the extra step for people that won't be able to handle a problem. You have long since earned my respect. Take care of yourself.
Good for you guys!
I believe it’s “You got her Pontiac” 1985 😁
Fr
Can't wait to see Ed driving it. One questions: what are the sizes of rims and tires.
What's up with Landon's GMC flatbed dually?
Wow!  That tire/wheel setup needed more fanfare and screentime!  Whole new look!
great job guys,, Ed is goin to love his new old buggy, that thing is so small it will fit in a rabbit hole lol
Looking great.. What a team!
Much easier to watch with more on screen talent. Getting there with the nugget!
Edd is going to be speechless. Better put a beer in him before unveiling. :o)
what color?  hope it stays that powdery yellow not like that banana yellow- like that retro yellow color!
Where's Ed's driver door?
Did you really just put black wheels on a project called the golden nugget??? I think what would be perfect for this is to take those that you've got, scuff them and paint them up in a dark gold or light bronze to really suit the project and it name. How's that for an idea?
Why paint it? The patina is what makes it what it is.
Makes me wish I had a vehicle that I had forty years ago. You all are so good to your friends and family.
We need a camera light..
Look'n sweet!!!
"LOOK AT THE WELD!" Nice weld !  "HEY LANDO, CAN YOU CUT THIS WELD OFF?"  LOL!  Nice progress you guys. Lookin forward to seein Ed's reaction.
Really satisfying to see you dial all these pieces together. Great video. Looking forward to more content on Ed's LJ!
Hi. What are you going to do about the paint work. Are going to keep it the same yellow, Matts recovery yellow. Or as its the gold nugget. Or are you going a bit more golden in colour
Looking good 👍👍 One step closer to the time when Ed gets his ride back. Woohoo! Better do like the auto company's do with their new designs, cover it up with white sheeting so folks won't recognize it on the way to Robby's shop.
That Nugget is going to be the most perfect gift  for Ed. It looks awesome Paul you should be proud of yours and everyone's efforts to make such a wonderful piece . Can't wait for the big reveal. See you on the next one. Cheers
Life is good when one can use a new cut off saw as a welding table.
Still want to know what happened to the shop cat?
Aw man the suspense is killing me nice tire and rim combo I have the Patagonia’s on my Durango love em Ed is a lucky man he’s gonna be so happy it’s looking awesome guys Woooooooo!!!
Ed must not know where you live or can't get there because if I was Ed I would have already been over there saying "If you can't get this thing running by now let me "Get It Done."   And if Robby does the same paint job as on The Banana then we're talking late spring before Ed sees his Nugget.   I'm sure you guys will show him all these vlogs when you're done.
Excellent work all...    Lake Havasu 🌞 Az
Good stuff, team!  Lovin' it!  Ed's gonna have one pimped-up ride!!
New measurement: way better
Beautiful...
Paul saying this is a grocery getter clearly hasn't spent enough time in NY, 1hr from epic mtns in all directions yet full of $10k of unscratched Jk mods that have never seen dirt🤷
It is so wonderful to see you working with your son's helping. Way better than being on their phones, playing video games or out getting in trouble somewhere. You set such a good example for you boys that will carry them through the rest of their lives.
PLEASE PUT A BAD ASS CIGARETTE LIGHT IN THIS THING....PROPANE OR RETRACTABLE OR SOMETHING COOL...THX AND KEEP IT UP!!
Looking great guys!!! Love watching the build.
Carpenter Rule #1 Measure Twice - Cut Once - Welder Rule #1 - Tack Weld - Test Fit Before Welding SOLID.
It's nice cause you did it twice 👍👍
That would be positive caster.
... Positive Caster Not Negative Caster is what you are after.....
Just think a few short months ago, this truck was a submarine.
I hope you have an EMS handy when this gets presented to Ed because he's a Lil old to be gifted something like this with no prior warning. Looking forward to see Ed smile harder than he's ever smiled before, might even see some gold miner tears🥰
Coming right along
Instead of golden nugget maybe renamed The Tin Lizzie
Fuck-N-A that thing look bad ass on that wheel/tire combo. These two rigs Paul is currently working on have me wishing I had the tools and skills  to build some custom shit. I’ve got a ‘76 CJ7 that I want to link so damn bad but I don’t even own a welder. I used to have a nice shop with all the tools but life happened and now All I’ve got is typical mechanics tools lol.
It’s coming along, good job all!
Yepee, I bet your glad the nugget is almost done. What a great job you have done. Love watching your kids help there Dad. Waiting for your next project.  Love the channel.
Paul, you showed 2-3" vernier micrometers not, calipers. LOL Thanks for the good laugh...
If Ed gets stuck in the desert can he get a free tow with tee shirt?
That was a micrometer, not a caliper.🙂 Love seeing this build, and the heart behind it!
you know youre a pro when you can use an angle grinder without the guard
Coming soon to Hwy 9 - a custom Golden Nugget grocery getter!
apart from the now modified chassis how much of that is actually eds car ?
What happened to shop kitty?  :(
Since that rig will be going in  some  tight places , would rollers under the frame be a good idea ?
Can’t wait for Ed to get it back 👍🏻
2:30 That's positive caster not negative caster.
its all coming together...lookingn really good everyone!...thanks 4 video. be kind.
I thought positive caster was better for steering stability and negative made it follow the road too much.
I am SO looking forward to Ed's reaction and seeing him take the Nugget for it's first rebuilt cruise.
Teaching the boy the ‘hot fingers’ technique. It does my heart good. Who needs fingerprints anyway? 😎
I stumbled across the story of the Golden Nugget on Matt's channel,  and started following it cause it's a cool story.  I've been hooked on your channel ever since, and been goin back to watch your earlier stuff..  Paul's very talented, as are all the others on the channel.  Need to order some stuff off your website.
Aren’t those great lookin tires a little heavy for that little engine ?
Way to go Landon!!!! Miss you Paul
You did such a good job on the nugget it's going to be a cool little custom rig. I'm sure Ed is going to love it. After Robbie touches it. Im sure it will look brand new.
Rock on!!!
8:35 or as vice grip garage would say, a goin’ to town rig
Big hearts!
I am glad that you are making more progress. I hope that she gets done soon. I thought that you would have taken it for a test drive before sending it to paint. I used to be a painter in the Air Force and after that I done some industrial paint. I sure hope I do not miss the next video.
Rock sliders i hope
Good morning fab rats, well its 5 in the morning for me 🤣 great vid, randals the man! 😁👍
Dawns here ☀️
As a machinist, I cringed when you opened that OD micrometer case and pronounced “calipers”
It's SHOCK-ing how much you got done on this thing!!
Can't wait to see Ed's reaction
Can’t wait to see Ed get this beautiful beast. Makes me cry when I think about it. Losing my grandparents, my dad and my daughter, we all loved watching this. Can’t wait to see what you guys come up with for the golden nugget.
Way to go poppa Joe, nice progress, can't wait for the revealing and the look on Ed's face, it will be worth more then gold.
Someone should compile all these episodes onto one VHS tape for Ed to watch at home!
I enjoy watching this little 4x4 coming together. It's great to see father and son working together.
Looking very good I like how you mounted the back shocks . Trivia question for you. What state and city where the rosebud was designed? Rose is the keyword.
Going paint it gold maybe a nice mica custom mix
What ever happened to the gauges?  I recall the Sidekick assembly didn’t fit.
Waiting on this video with anticipation!
I've never been so glued to a channel wanting to see this thing finished.  Great work.
Morning Fab Rats Family!!!😍 HOME STRETCH on the Nugget!NUGGET!! Yay!!!!  This has been SUCH a project of LOVE FOR ED from EVERYONE who donated PARTS & PIECES to all involved in the build...YA'LL ROCK!! Can't wait to see his face when you give it to him!!😃😃  Hope the Fab Rat Family has been able to catch up on a bit of sleep the last week!! Nice to see Jase get a day off b-ball practice &  hang out in the shop!!!  Stay FROSTY & keep yer powder dry! Sending Prayers Love and Light with Angels to keep you safe 🙏❤🌟👼  WWG1WGA      NCSWIC  In the end GOD WINS!!! 🇺🇸UNMASKED UNMUZZLED UNVACCINATED UNAFRAID🇺🇸
I'm not a welder; but I'm pretty sure if'n I were, I'd be welding on the wrong side too! Love seeing the updates on Ed's jeep!!  thanks for all the hard work, it's coming along amazing!!
Glad you could get back on Ed's project. You cats are really going the extra mile for Ed with the time, details and improvements. God bless you Utah sand & mountain Hot Rodders.
Que lindo que trabajes con los niños , se repite la historia.
" name that tool" that was a micrometer  you were showing, not a caliper.
The nugget looks great with those little Milestar's  Reminds me a one of my old stomper 4x4's  from back in the day
Curious about the decision criteria when choosing to cut with the grinder vs, the plasma cutter.  What makes you choose one over the other?
What I enjoy is if a person is in the shop you will put them to work. You also teach with such patients too.
I’ve said this every video but I truly cannot wait to see mr. Ed‘s face when he sees his golden nugget again fr!
Awesome Paul! Y'all have a great day 🤟
Nice to see everyone cutting with safety glasses on!
I love all you do, but really, I wish you'd put more faith in safety glasses.  Watching your little boy under the nugget without glasses  on made me shiver.  I learned the hard way when I was in my teens that glasses save a lot of grief.
All those realignments...you're just one of a kind sir
should have painted the frame
Eds gonna have a heart attack when he's sees it's in better shape than he ever remembers
Nice people doing cool things………..thanks again.  Aloha
It looks so good!!!! Love the teams that are coming together to make this for Ed!! Has Ed been asking questions like “When can I see it?” and “What are you doing to it?”  Can’t wait to see his face ❤️🐞
TRIP TO PARTS STORE.... Hi, I need the bronze torsion flange suspension washers for a 1996 Suzuki Scrotum Custom, Golden Nuggets Edition. Actually, I need 2 sets of them. Do you have OEM?  Man at counter; Uh, uh, uh... please exit the store sir.
Looking good!!  Getting closer..... It's gonna be exciting seeing Ed when he gets to see the Nugget for the firs time!!!
Excited to see the finished Golden Nugget! The “Grayden Cam” was awesome! Thanks for the fun video! 😎👍😁
I wonder how long Ed is going to drive it before he makes the driver side plywood again.🤣 I actually like the paint how it is. Looks more original.
Well done y'all looking Great 🤠👍✌💛
Can’t wait to see Ed’s face when he sees the nugget all done
Awesome looking rig.
Let’s gooo
Ed’s going to be so surprised!!
👏👏👏👏
Xcellent video and progress.  I use a cutting torch head for heating.  Way more heat is possible.  Yes, a rosebud would be nice, but you better find one in the junk.  They are not cheap.  Right about now, I'm betting you are very happy about the body swap :)
Enjoying your work on Ed's Golden Nugget build. Great work and excellent results thus far. Keep up the amazing work. 👍
Thanks. Great video. How is Landon's truck running?
May have to add some cement blocks for an easier ride lol
That is just 1 cute lil trail rig.
I know some thought you were taking a long time but having been involved in total rebuilds I think you got this done very quickly.  Nice job.
Great job boys!
And you've just watched: Life Lessons with Paul 😁 Seriously: every episode he drops wisdom galore about fab stuff and life stuff. This is what this channel makes so special... 😎👍
awesome job, excited for paint and the reveal.
Awesome… it’s looking good… thanks guys…
Hey Paul if you use samuria rear leaf springs in the front it moves the rear forward almost 2in in stead of drilling amd making springs weak. Just a thought. That's what I did yrs ago when I built mine.
The golden nugget is looking awesome Edd and the rest of us are going to be so excited to see the final results.
Looking good!!
The reveal will be priceless. Ed will LOVE your work, almost as much as your fans love your work too.
You're using the BE AMAZED jingle.
With those big heavy tires the resulting rough ride is gonna give poor old Ed hemorrhoids.
Sweet! That this is starting to look like mini beast! Awesome
What a sweet little rig that little Nugget has turned into 👌
Happy to see the kids in the middle of the rebuild. Learn all you can.
I was in the Navy Seabee's, our motto is "CAN DO!" You & Matt need a plate with  "CAN DO!" Maybe put that on your Shirts/Caps
That rear driveshaft will make the front wheels turn the wrong direction! 😜
The nugget is moving along nicely now,are you fitting fender flares on it so Ed doesn't get mud on his windshield?  Keep up the good work,can't wait to see it finished!
It's amazing how much time all of you are putting in this project of love, respect and honoring a senior citizen. Much respect to you all. Take care thanks 😊
Paul sounds like Dana Carvey when he's making an impression of Ross Perot
Great for kids to participate.
Man it's going to be sad when the Golden Nugget is finished. This is honestly the only build video that I have ever watched from start to finish every video.
Given all the effort into this, kinda wish the body and frame would get dipped to get them super clean, then paint everything.
Going to be real cool seeing Ed face with Joy. 😎👍💯
It's always kool to see a father teaching his son's how to work on vehicles as well as fabricat everything from scratch 👍
Fab Rats, Matt’s off road and Layton auto body have restored some of my faith in humanity! Great job love the builds that comes out of Fab Rats. Ed is going to loose it when he sees golden nugget again!!!
anyone know what kinda torch he's using? I wanna hook him up with a rosebud
Champing at the bit to see the wiring/dash get done. Curious what year computer it's using. 1996 up is CAN network which complicates things. Terminating resistors and all.
i really like the small things the editor has done in the videos lately. good job!
concerns me that safety doesn’t seem to come first in the workshop. Using an impact wrench with no ear-protection, grinding with no eye-protection.🤔
Cant wait to see it finished. It's what originally brought me to your channel
Can't wait to see Ed's expression when he sees it
Great work Paul. Now after Robby spends three mounts prepping and painting it will be done, lol
Pretty good work there Graydon!
Can't wait to see Ed's reaction. Good job guys!
What kind of heating system do you have in your shop. Blows my mind to see you workIng in tee shirts . It"s 20 degrees in my garage in Michigan  with only a parabolic electric heater from Costc! Where did you get the taillights for the  YOTA?  I would send you a rosebud if l knew what brand torch you have, l bet you will get dozens in the mail after saying you needed one. l am too lazy to switch mine over when l should. Keep up the great content and l think you guys work really fast on your builds. Glad to see that your son is eager to help out and learn the right way.
Hard to believe that body was totally submerged not long ago!  Well done!
I love the more better comment.
Getting so close, what a incredible transformation it’s been from a bucket of wood rust to a restored mini truck! Ed is going to be wrecked when he sees her, I bet he gives the weather forecast because he will be tongue tied! LOL, just amazing work Paul and gang! Well done good and faithful servants! ☝️🙏
You got to make sure Ed sees this video so he knows the whole family helped ! 👍
Just wondering, is Ed Matt's Dad or uncle?
this video was like Christmas for the lathe .. cool .. good to have the kids help ..
You might be in the business to build Suzukis now.
Great video. It's exciting seeing this coming to the end!  Kind of like having Christmas all over again!!
I can't wait to see Ed's face when he sees the Golden Nugget 2.0
You have done an amazing job with this!  I love all the quality work, unlike some other places!
Looks great!
That thing is going to be a pretty capable rock crawler, does Ed still have the title
When the nuggets done you need to have Matt call you to help him and Ed with a recovery and you show up with the golden nugget to save the day .... it's crazy what a set of wheels and tires do for a look.... awesome job ez/rats
Reinforce that drag link they bend easier than you think. I bent mine forwards. I had reinforced it from bending up and down
You did such a great job. What a cool little machine. I love flapper wheels nice gift. You need a rose bud Maybe some cool viewer will send you one. Hey send Robby a Rose bud.
Fantastic to see all the work you guys are doing for Ed. Can’t wait to see the reveal. (Side note….when someone asks if that piece was hot, say no, it just didn’t take me very long to examine it!)🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Thank you for your time in thinking of Mr. Ed. 10 fold brother, 10 fold.
I really think that is going to be a special golden nugget
are you going to put all of this on a dvd for ED?
The Nugget is looking great!  I can't wait to see Ed's face when he sees it.
I think the best way to give Ed his Golden nugget back ....Is getting it stuck in the sand and make Matt get it unstuck with Ed.
Definitely coming out awesome like your other project, but when it's time to surprise ED I think you should have the old one there with the new one covered up and say his truck had alot of parts in need so as he looks at the beat up one he's turns to see the one you built... Bet a tear might come out 🙏💪👍
You guys are awesome friends to rebuild the nuggets for Ed, looking forward to each video.
Michelle is not wrong! The gold nugget is indeed cute! But also a bad ass little machine! Makes me want my own little mini off roader
Yay!
It is great to see you having your kids working and learning in the shop with you. Great father son time that they will always remember.  The golden nugget is looking great. I am looking forward to seeing it finished and back in Ed’s hands. I am sure he will be surprised and very happy that people care this much about him.
Great video thank you!
Man those Milestar Patagonias really transform that thing from toy to mini-monster. Looks great! Can’t wait to see her all shiny with new paint and body work!
For the algorithm
Grayden, next time you're on your back looking up at a rusty, metal sliver raining chassis, PLEASE wear your safety glasses. It's always better to not have to get metal fished out of your eyes at the hospital. Other than that, you're looking like a pro!
The Nugget should get the drivers door painted like its made of wood, just for shits n giggles.  Thanx for sharing
Your boys are awesome they love helping their dad
Paint a couple of Prince Albert cans where dents were, for the OLD MINER.
👍👍👍👍
Looks killer!! Steering on a rig is no different than a dirt bike. The Triple clamp positions is key for proper trailing angle!
Almost at the finish line.
Calipers, micrometers, close enough.
Thanks Guys
10:00 micrometer sir. Those tires are screaming for some fender flares.
Now how far is Robby going to take it apart for painting?
I found your guys's channel on the second video of the Nugget series and I've been loving it y'all been doing good work I'm sure Ed will love this thing when y'all are done I can't wait to see the finished product
I don't know who will lead, bit, Ed might want  to drive his own recovery vehicle you built him, Paul.
So glad to see more progress on Ed's little banana. Thanks and a big shoutout to my fellow viewers sending gifts to Paul
Theres that not me kid again lol
It's a pebble crawler. Lol I really enjoy all this.
Nugget’s looking good!
What happened to the original vid?
Those Bilstein shocks I believe you are putting on the nugget. The rubber boot go’s down on those, I,struggled with that myself. In the instructions it tells you the proper install is to alway have the writing  facing up. Just a little helpful hint. Looking good, can’t wait for Ed to driving down the road in his new ride
Calipers lol that’s a micrometer
Wow it's nice to see Paul with some help in the shop
Awesome teaching kids skills that will help them their whole life instead of wasting time playing video games like most kids
I cant believe how quick Paul got his rock crawler ready to use not quite finished almost there, and Edds Baby Banana this far what a dedicated Man. wish I could move in next door and be Randels helper ha ha!
So is caster just the opposite direction of camber?
Say what you want, but Grayden is still better with a camera than Abraham Zapruder. 😈 (Okay, that was dark.)
I'm gonna make a wild guess that it will take several more episodes before the grand presentation. We still have paint, interior finish, and some fine tuning before that. Well, I'll call it fine tuning only because we have yet to hear it run.
You guys are amazing how ya'll can fabricate things to work, alot of knowledge in that shop,I'm impressed and appreciate ya'lls time to make these videos for us
I've been waiting to see the tires on it...really brings it all together.
You need a sign like house painters, touch here to see if metal is 😎 🆒️ , well maybe not! Check to see if you still have fingerprints.
Hey  I may be as happy  for your  gifts for sure  the machines share  hi past with  you so they are not wasting away. I love it
Can’t wait to see it drive out of the shop and do some mild wheeling. It’s gonna be an awesome little rig. 👍🏻👍🏻🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
looks good !!
Nice video. Robby isn’t going to be able to keep his hands off this thing fixing every little thing lol
It's not a mistake if you can fix it, right
Looking really good.  I think Ed would have rather had Ori's  (Bobblehead bounces up and down)
The Nugget is looking Golden!!
Looking Good It is so cool
@ 10:00 the Mitutoyo micrometer is a very high end tool, nice gift 👍
I don't know what it is about the nugget but I Love it. Lol
Those are some sweet tires and rims! The Golden Nugget is looking fab .... take care Fab Rats 👍
I am always impressed with your quality of work and attitude when things go wrong. You are definitely the best of the best. As an old shop teacher, please teach your son to wear safety glasses. I was so worried when you were drilling holes through the floor pan and your son was under the nugget without safety glasses.
You need to teach these young men the importance of safety gear in the shop I'm a fabrication manufacturing of skyjack up here in Canada eh great video thanks God bless be safe!
John Pura of PuraFab in Clovis CA died in his shop when a diesel tank spewed and covered him with burning fuel. We normally don't consider diesel as being as dangerous as gasoline. He had done work for us and was an excellent fabber. That was about 15 years ago.
Nice to see your boys helping out and learning the trade 👍 😀
14:50 Please don't put your kids to do adult labor. Child labor is a serious issue worldwide.
FYI, that's a Micrometer not a Caliper...looks like a 1"-2".
I admit to being an old fuddy-duddy concerning oversized tires, hence, I think Ed (being an old-school kind of guy) would like smaller tires. It would solve the rubbing problem as well.
Talking shop with the kids they're getting ahead start there.
Looking good! Will we see you start the engine and test drive it before sending if off to paint?
Just a Tip-- Put a piece of rubber hose from the chuck of your drill toward the tip of your bit. leave enough of the bit sticking out at the bit end to drill the depth you want. No more having the bit sucking into the hole. Hope this makes sense. Cool to see you back on the Nugget.
new shoes look great with the new shocks. any details on installing the wiring harness
Running it
Finally I’ve had Covid for 4 days and my gf of 2 years left me 2 days ago and I’ve been checking your channel every hour for this video and today I woke up to it I’m so happy keep up the good work guys ….. still a little disappointed you didn’t go with thorn birds but oh well
Back at the top is not "negative castor"...
Does Ed get a Winch and some beefed-up recovery points?
I can't wait to Good Ol' Ed rollin' in the Golden Nugget!!
nice it looks grate yall
That thing is turning out real nice, Ed's gonna love it. Thanks.
Bob is a great guy, machinist tools aren't cheap, especially good ones.
Nice to see Father and son projects!!.. safety glasses for your son ??
Technically  it's not stock anymore
Grayden making old man noises getting up from the creeper, hilarious.
I can't wait to see this thing finished. Looks better and better. Sweet wheels.
Looks like a BABY BANANA!
With leaf springs, especially in the rear, one shock is mounted forward of the axle and one behind. This helps control axle wrap that leafs are notorious for because the shocks compression and rebound damping is different.
I want to see Ed's face when he sees this for the first time.
I've had a couple of tanks blow. One had a small pinhole in it and a stray spark set off the fumes. It was a sealed tank and  it was pretty empty. When it blew it made a huge "whomp!!!" noise followed instantly by a long, very loud whistling as the pressure escaped from the tank through that little pinhole. No fire but my ears rang for quite awhile after that. The explosion made the tank look like a potato.
👍❤️
Do you have an actual gold nugget to attach to the dashboard in a prominent position?  I know it would be expensive  but Ed deserves it!
Tonka truck
That's some dad goals right there... Be able to hand some nuts to your son and say "go put these on up there behind the transmission and them say "okay!' and know what you're talking about.  Great video!
Too cool yall! Lookin awesome! 👌
FYI micrometer not calipers
Nugget is looking good!!!! Love all the awesome work you’re doing to it. It’s so awesome to follow from the beginning of recovering it with Matts off-road recovery then into the hands on a awesome fab shop then off to an amazing body shop. Awesome youtube channels all having a part in this build. You guys are all awesome!!!! Looking forward to the next videos.
That was a micrometer, not a caliper. A very nice one too
Love the videos! Thank You!
The power to weight ratio is going to be insane, with about 100 hp to the wheel less than a ton weight, its going to be faster than the yota or the morvair
👍  Coming along nicely.
It's always a good time when you can have your son's helping nuggets looking great 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
That's such a cool cool ride well done 👏 ✔ 👍
Love seeing the boys learn from paul passing down the grandpa Sherman's knowledge down to another generation.
the nugget looks fantastic,  Wondering about the brakes,  hope there is and episode on the booster instal
I cannot wait for the final reveal. When Ed goes to get smokes in it.
That is so cool the viewers that are able to send you tools and items some of like myself wish I could but barely above the water now but it just helps you out and allows us to see your videos and creativity and gives us great videos to watch appreciation to you….
Hey Paul and Fab Rats crew    Those tires and wheels sure make that thing look like a real off road capable vehicle. Seeing the work get done in a video makes it look like it's easy and quick. But having built several cars and trucks from the ground up I know how much work really goes into a project like this.    Paul, having them boys help you is such a great way to spend time with them as well as teaching them that they can handle all kinds of task.    Stay Warm, Be Well
ty Mr F Rat
No that thing you said was a Caliper, is really a 1'' to 2''  Micrometer with a 1'' test Gage and Wrench for adjusting the Micrometer to 1".  A little What's this Tool, or thing really called, back to you buddy. HA, Ha!  . . . . .  All in good fun, from an 89 year old Auto & Truck's Repair Shop Owner, Mechanic and Machinists from early 1950's to the late 1990's.  And I cant wait until your next Presentation, Thanks again Ross Heacock
golden nugget?? the yeller turd is more like it...
Make you kids wear safety glasses.
Amazing work considering what you had to work with in the first place. Which was basically junk heck some of your old Demo trucks would have been easier to restore to new!  I do not care what others say your good at this restoring work look at baby Yota! That was a pile of rust longing for the junk yard now its slamming rock crawler! Hot dang can't wait to see it finished and burying the Morrvair!
That's the left side, not the right
Talk about some good young shop helpers. Such a great way to teach good work skills and ethics.
Sweet
Don’t give up! Just give it a hiya!
Roll cage?
I Don't know where you learnt how to do what you do, but wherever you did done a great job 👏 👍
Humbling to see those machinist tools and equipment passed on for your use.  My grandfather was a machinist and my dad still regrets that he didn't get all his tools after he passed.
Nice  . Happy  to  see  the progress.  I would  like to  hear  it running  with the  new  exhaust
Fab rats should weight the golden nugget once your done
Excellent! I think a split screen pic of the current Nugget compared to the turd it was when it showed up would be great. Y'all are wonderful. Thanks for producing and sharing these videos.
Looking good gentlemen
With the wider tires will Ed be able to get to his claim?
I know you're not short on projects but I was thinking that gearbox from the nugget could make a cool 4x4  Grayden size buggy/crawler 😉 at the very least it's an idea now lol Keep up the great work and videos  God Bless
I love how you get your kids involved, too many kids and even young adults don't know which end of a hammer to use
Positive caster
The ED-TRAC, coming to a local gold mine near you.  He’s going to love it, I sure do !
This has been a fantastic series
You gonna fire it up and take it for a poke around the yard before sending it down the road to Robbies?
At 8.50 it was “SHOCKING”.   Sage Brush Bob sent you a set of micrometers? Holy smokes!
Is it missing a front bumper?
Done a great job on the nugget, looking forward to seeing it sprayed🤗🇬🇧
Paul, I love that you include your boys in your builds! That’s so good for them to learn practical skills, shop safety and the value of hard work. You are a good dad! Keep it up. God bless you, Michelle, your kids and your business!
Excellent job,  looking forward to the reveal.  Probably want to have an ambulance on stand by..its heart attack worthy
Lookin’ good!
I really hope that big Ed does a recovery job with the golden nugget and we will get to see it! You guys rock !
I love seeing your boys in there, learning!
What tire size are you using for the nugget?
Hey Paul !!!  Great recovery of ""DO IT TWICE  AS NICE ""  !!  HAHA      Ed will be well pleased when he sees his ""NUGGET "" for the final appearance  !!  Have to take him out to the RUBICON !!  Have  a good week & Thanks again !!!!
👍👍🇺🇲
I remember helping my dad, he'd find something I could do to feel like I helped.
Is Michelle ride NEXT?
Get it!
so  what is the paint gonna be ?  yellow or litterally  a golden nugget ?
Fab Rats has delivered some wonderful Videos this Week ! Looking forward to hearing the Nugget "Yellow Submarine " running and driving ! Ed will be AMAZED !
Like Miguel Ortiz said in his comment it is great to see your boys in there working with you but it would be greater to see them wearing eye protection on those young eyes of theirs while working anywhere around the projects, especially under them.
I was introduced to your channel by Matt’s Channel, so glad, you are really skilled. I will keep on enjoying even after the golden nugget if finished! Bless your family!
My husband and son wake me up early on the weekends to watch any new Vlogs. To see it was the Golden Nugget was super exciting. Great job 👏 Sorry we missed you all at the Jamboree. Maybe next year!
Mid video here, thank the lord you stopped to explain what you measured lol. I wouldn’t have known that the 7.7 was anything important. It’s cool seeing you guys build things I’ve never dreamed of doing here in the big city. One day I’ll get a garage to mess about like this
It's really nice job you guys are doing love watching the work you do thank you for sharing
Willys also places its shocks outside the frame. WILLYS STYLE.
Randalls a good addition to your videos, both of you are hilarious. Great job on the nugget.
I used to love this channel but recently the cameraman is a huge detractor with his loud overbearing commentary. Just film dude. Shhhh!
Keep up the great fab work! Those 'calipers' are called micrometers. No not eyecormeters, micrometers. Take care!
Invite Bob to demonstrate how to use the tools you don’t know what they’re for
So exciting..
I can't wait to see this finished!!! Your doing a hell of a good job and I hope one day to have a garage setup just like yours! Love what you do and your videos are awsome!
Looking forward to the reveal.😀
10:00 That's a two inch Vernier Micrometer, w/ a calibrated inch gauge bar to properly zero the instrument. Typical accuracy .0001". (assuming surfaces are cleaned well and thermal equilibrium) As opposed to 'My eyecrometer' which is typically about .005". at it's very best.  A human hair .003", RCH .002" Tool makers are known to use cigarette paper as a spacer (.001").
Just cover the bare metal and leave the rest as is. Looks sweet as it sits
Watch Ed tell everybody he didn’t really care much for this thing back in the day!!! 😂😂😂😂
just a quick qestion. is that a reason why you are not, painting the frame, befor mouting the body? so many places with bad rust protecion.
Man, you guys really know what you’re doing.  It’s cool to watch.
With the wider tires can Ed get to his clams.
Great to see the build. Paul, please please put safety glasses on your kids when in the shop working. I hate to be a doom and gloom guy. But, you will not be able to forgive yourself if something happens. Cuts, burns and bruises will heal, eyeballs don’t.
Thank you !  Is there a fund for this project ?? Missed seeing the elk horns on the second floor . You should have them hung on the garage . Little big to mount on the front of the nugget ,
ok when they gonna get started on Lizzy's rig!?
Lets go
That looks so cool...you did a outstanding job on the nugget....
Seeing this build makes me realize how important body on frame design is if you need to fix something lol.
Love watching you work with your boys. Worth more then money.
You called a micrometer calipers, shame on you!
Nice to see the Fab Rats team gettin her done!
You just called the micrometer your fan sent, calipers. Lol.  Oops.   Funny from the guy that loves his "eye-crometer"
Great work on the NUGGET Paul and your boys, great family!! Cannot wait to see Ed's face and him riding it
Paul just made my Sunday!LOL!!!  Cool thing about having boys, always get volunteering help. My daughters never wanted to help on my projects.
Love seeing the Boys helping with  the  projects.  Love  ole Randles calm interactions.   Great team.
It all look's good though Paul ,you do awesome fabbin..
It’s looking awesome. I want one too
Robby Layton the Official Body Shop of Fab Rat’s and Matt’s Off Road Recovery.   Put a little metal flake in the Golden Nugget.  👍
Reminds me of the “Stompers” toys from the 80’s
I guarantee he cringed when you called the micrometer "calipers"...lolol
When you guys finish building Ed’s Suzuki, you should take him and the Suzuki back to the Sierra Nevadas and drive the trail where he got it stuck forty years ago.
Good job
👍👍
Too cool! 😎  I love watching your videos, they're always getting better and more interesting; thank you for producing and sharing.  As far as the negative comments and criticisms go, pay them no heed: you know your own situation best, the tools and methods available at your disposal and they don't ... in fact, I'll bet some of your biggest critics are overweight 40yr old Commiephornian dudes living in (grand)ma's guesthouse/garage who never played sports in highschool, never touched a girl yet (still waiting) and call taking their Prius down to the dealership "working on the car" credited to themselves as mechanical work.  Suggestions and advice is different from rude and outright criticisms, for those that are doing that book a session with your psych/therapist/etc. it looks like you've got some issues you're projecting.
This thing is so rad!
Those Bilstens are awesome for a road/trail rig. I had them on my Cherokee.
Paul what about mounting the sidekick gauge cluster toward the center of the dash. Just angle to the driver. Just an idea.
What a great dad! Letting his son help and telling him "Good job! Way to work!". He will remember these things and tell his son about them. It's great seeing this all come together! Love this channel, never miss a new video.
I love that little golden nugget 👑 can not wait to see the enormous smile on Ed's face when he see it.😁😁
That rig looks great! I like it more than I thought I would..
amazing job man! FJ now the nugget! you put in serious work! you should consider building this stuff and selling to YT subs,  i know id want one! simply cuz you built it! keep up the great work!
How often do you knock over camera stands ?
Loving the measurement term   way better,
That is one awesome little truck!!! Going to be fun to drive
Great video
Gas doesn’t explode, it deflagrates.
Remind me who Randall is?
Always look forward to your video's.
Laying down on back while LOOKING UP while holes with metal filings are being drilled and hammering on a rusty car body.... Graydon really should have been wearing SAFETY GLASSES on his face. (Sunglasses on hat not count)  Worst case situation ever. Gravity is NOT your friend. Hard to undo metal flake scratches to the eye. Start training them YOUNG. . (Posting this because you say you read all the comments.) Otherwise GREAT video
God bless  that  guy that sent you the stuff and tools for the Leigh made my day haha machinery tools are expensive ass hell !!
what tire number and model
biggest mistake was not putting white out on those tires.
Randell's asides are hilarious...
Top balljoint towards the cab is positive caster, not negative. 🤪
That was muhfeengur😬
Cant wait to see it do a little crawling/grocery getting!
Golden Nugget is lookin sexy with those big tires!
You are raising good men there...... and they are gonna have skills :-)
Great stuff. I know of an old British SUV in a farm field similar size to the Nugget. Might look at that for a project
Have you thought about getting a dry ice blaster they do some serious work and not the cost of a sand blaster?
Love what you're doing with that little truck. Thanks for another great episode.
Oh man, you should have stuck with the full original build... this is going to be a terrible ride and even more terrible maintenance... The engine is way too big, the power steering was not needed, the wheels are way too big... .. you have created a monster.
Tires  outside the fender gonna be a ticket!
Watching you guys build  vehicles, it amazes me how many times you have to put it all together and then pull it back apart again.  Build 3 things, take it apart.  Put it together, measure, take it apart. Send it to Robby and the first thing he'll do is take it all apart.  What a process!
The Nugget looks amazing! It already has a great character, and looks like it will perform well both offroad and at the grocery store! I can't wait to see Ed when he sees it for the first time! This is fantastic! Killer job you guys!
Teaching that little man the ropes . Proud of you Dad .
👍
Great work Paul and kids. Your kids are going to know everthing there is to know about cars. Your a great Dad and an Amazing Family. All very talented. Its looks great by the way. Andy Australia
I love the LJ, nice work!
You're a mad man! What a epic transformation in a short amount of time!
GOOD but awfully short video :)
Excellent job!!!
Mad skillz!
👀👀🍺🍺👀👀
Cool deal
Dam amazing how you cut and fit everything that is needed. So many modifications it is hard to count. But it is going to pretty cool when done and for Ed it wont need to be a rock crawler,,lol,,just able to drive down the road is enough.
I think you meant "positive" caster.
Any way you could have the boys wear safety glasses and wear gloves when using the grinder?
The nugget looks awesome Paul.. Ed will be surprised for sure. Love watching your channel
Although it will be great to see the Nugget heading to Robbie I'll miss seeing all the "fixes" you are doing getting it ready to go. Every video had something innovative happening. Great Job Paul jack
15:00. Sure is great having a lil guy to roll under that itty-bitty truck real quick like that.  Strong work, Grayden.
Love you you have your son in the shop with ya.   Building memories you and he will never forget.
good kid :)
So where are you installing the Mt. Dew cooler and the jerrycan holders to make the important rescue runs out to Matt?
Ed’s not gonna believe it, I can’t wait to see his reaction.
Your son has No protection on his eyes. Safety first-stupidity second. teach them the right things- let them change their mind out of your shop.
Lookin good. Spotted a box of Chicken in a Biscuit ……making me hungry lol 😂
All fun and games till the shop goes KABOOM.  You gotta make sure she runs and drives before paint.
I can almost hear Ed saying thank you, can’t wait to see what it looks like when it’s done :)
GLOVES ALL ROUND, PLEASE... - ESPECIALLY WITH ANGLE GRINDERS 'N' SUCH 'N' SUCH...
Where are your boys safety glasses under that truck?? You're wearing them??
I really hate seeing people use death wheels without a guard. I've seen too many people almost lose a hand that way. That thing explodes your soft meaty bits don't hold up like a steel SAFTEY guard.
Incredible piece of work Paul n Team! Doing this next to getting the Yota done and all other daily challenges is amazing. You guys nailed it again! Love how you let little Ed watch the build 🤣. Can’t wait to see Ed drive this thing, he is so lucky to have you all chip in for him.
Paint..? Why not keep the original patina. Ed seems like the kinda guy to not care about a flashy paint job
You are faithful!Blessings!
I know that I’d fit into one of these ‘Zukis like a suppository—but I still want one!!
W H A T S   T A K I N G   S O  L O N G ? 😉  🤣 🤣
Pos cast i think bud. 4 to 9 is good for wide tire
We have clearance Clarence. Roger, Roger. What's our vector Victor? That's Clarence Oveur. Over.
Nice work!!  What tires are those?
Good job I'm glad to see that you're sons are involved. your YouTube channel will be around for a long long time good job 👍😎
Youngest and oldest making it happen.
check the inside of the petrol/gas tank and make sure its not full of detritus
Really enjoy watching your builds and how you go about it. Keep up the great work!
Can't wait to see Ed's face when it's all done!!
Y'all are doing such a great job on the Nugget! It truly will be Golden when finished. I cant wait to see the video when Ed finally gets to drive it again. Maybe he will get stuck and Matt will have to come get em out.
You guys really need an extractor in your shop, all those lingering fumes! *edit* specially with using anything with ascetylene, it's odourless and will asphyxiate you without you even knowing
Pos caster
You should take the leftovers and build a matching trailer.
Nice ,,,,, well at least you got to use your eyecrommetor!
Not a fabrication guy myself,  watching your gang do this work is watching genius!
You’re doing a great job! I wasn’t for sure about this thing at first but not I can’t wait to see that thing running and driving down the road. Ed is going to be over the moon about it
What about the dashboard gauges? Did you find ones that fit? What about wiring ? They are not there.  PS. Great wheels, btw.
Another great job. Enjoy watching your kids help out.   Hopefully it sinks in and they will build there own toys when they get older...
Thank you for 60FPS
Paul, I hope that you can give Ed some led headlights for the golden nugget. Since he's getting younger, it might be a real benefit.
It really could use som rear fenders!
Great job Paul can't wait to see Edd's reaction. God bless
Ed is going to be SO surprised 😮
hoping you'd have this done for the jamboree, time is of the essence, Ed and I aren't getting any younger and our days are numbered.
Great pit crew you got Paul.
Can we please see it move under its own power
Old Ed is gonna cry when see’s the Gold Nugget resurrected!! Y’all are awesome!!
Lookin great
Will Jamie come over to test drive the Nugget? Since it fits her perfectly.
Awesome that thing is tiny compared to what most people are used to will be great in woods for deer hunting 😀
Nooooo! Finish it!!!! I cannot wait to see the finished product!!! Side note, I hope you get at least a little kickback from Milwaukee.. their power tools embarrass snap-on…
That is great to see two of the boys helping you in the shop. The oldest and the girl don't seem to take to the shop much, at least not for now. Better to let them decide when or if than to force them into it though. You are doing great as a family.
It's looking sooooo good.
I would have just give it a clear coat, preserve the patina.
I need to send you some fried livermush. Where can I ship it to?
I too am a graden. Never heard of another one until now. Spelled differently but still cool.
It will be so cool watching the Golden Nugget go back to Ed. Hope I don’t cry and flop around like a Tennessee Tarpon.
Couldn't wait for the next episode of this build
OUTSTANDING ! ! !
SHhhhh, don't tell Paul but that is negative caster he described LOL
I think that it would be better and more thorough to paint the body off the frame.  All you would have to do is mount the body in a rotisserie so you could access all surfaces of the body.  What I would have done also is powder coat the frame.
🤣hunny I shrunk the hummer 🤣👍✌️
Not good it appears your son was working under the Jeep without safety glasses on
Not me welded it on the wrong side that's as good as your eye-crometer hahaha
Paul my dad used to say, there is only two ways to do any job. Right or twice. Looks like you chose twice.
I feel like you wore and owned all your jeans since hike skool.
"Ok, I'll move..." - Grayden.  Don't know why, but I laughed coffee through my nose!  Smart kid.  Stay safe Fab Rats!!
Looking good
The camera man on your channel and the camera man on Matt's channel sound exactly alike.
Looking forward to seeing the finished project! Well done y'all
Def gonna need some wide flares, or it is going to get dirty even just driving down a paved street!
Aparently in Utah... they still do things by 'eyeball'.... Excellent!
You channeled your inner Matt with that hot part.
Yes Sir.
I’m getting excited can’t wait to see Ed’s face when he sees his little buggy.
'Eyecromination'   Get Mirriam Webster on the phone
Gave my father his Grey Fab Rats hoodie yesterday and he loves it!  He liked mine so bought him one.
Charts are fantastic to have everywhere.
need to calibrate that eyechrometer so it can recognize its cousin the Micrometer jejejeje
Love that you guys are doing this for ED
The Nugget is really shaping up. Good to see your sons working in the shop with Dad. Thanks for sharing.
Make sure no one asks when it’s going to be ready, don’t want to get another stern talking to again about that. That was a buzz kill.  Lol
Great work! Cannot wait to see Ed’s face when you guy’s give this to him.
Remember who you're building this for - it ain't finished until you get a cigarette lighter and ash tray put in.😂
I think Paul hang around Matt too much ,that he forget that he must not touch something immediately after he welds it😃😃😃😃
@9:59, that's a Micrometer, only slightly less accurate than your eyechrometer! 😉You knew that! That Golden Nugget is looking real good!
That was a tremendous amount of work for 'finishing touches'  - and yet another valid reason as to why it was silly for someone to complain in a previous episode of Fab Rats that it was taking 'too long' to finish the Golden Nugget. Between fabrication on several different vehicles at once, as well as making a deadline for the 4x4 Winter Jamboree -  *as well as*  - normal / everyday family obligations - it's a true wonder how you've managed to come even this far. There are few people I know in the 20+ years I've lived in Utah that can accomplish what you've done in such a short amount of time. As always - Thank you (again) for sharing all this content with us - And a big *THANK YOU* to everyone involved in filming / editing! 👊
Getting some great ideas from you and of course this little thing is looking awesome
Got a 2006 Camry that just always seems to work. Had to change out a leaking radiator the other day on it. me and my teen son  knocked it out in 90 minutes and he asked how much money and time did it save us not going to the  dealer. he was surprised with the answer.... could of taken us 2 hours and i would not have cared....  he had the same satisfied look you son had when helping out.     you can share knowledge and money,,,, but time is the one thing we cant get back.      your time appears to be well spent.  There is even a change in how you vocalize  with them  as you go into teacher/coach mode.                    Eyecrometer T shirts would  be great sellers.....
At the 10:00 minute mark, that "caliper" looks like a 1 to 2 inch Micrometer. You can rest your eyecrometer when checking anything between 1 and 2 inches now. 😉
“Okay, I’ll move out of the way” smart lad. Your sons make me smile. Great job everyone !!
That was a micrometer, not calipers.
At 7:53 - Paul asked his chances and Randall says 50-50.  I had a college professor that taught us the 50-50-90 rule.  According to him, whenever you have a 50/50 chance for something, 90% of the time it will go the wrong way.  Pick a coin toss, you will usually lose it.  Trying to determine which way to go at a fork in the road…you will usually have to backtrack.  Truer words were never spoken
So awesome watching you wrench with your boys!! Reminds me of being 10 again in the garage with my dad. Thanks for sharing 🇨🇦
Love the videos and seeing the project come together.   Also nice to see the young ones helping out in the shop.  Did cringe a bit though when the boy was underneath the Nuggent with no eye protection while holes were being drilled in the floor above him.
Looking good! Can't beat that father and son wrench time! 🤙🏽
You need to put a sleeve on that butt weld on the steer shaft
I love it and I know he will to
Plaese add some side steps
That little Nugget is looking good. It was nice seeing the kids in the shop. Jase sure was ripping the 3’s in that last video. Landon is building more and more confidence and skill every time we see him in the shop. Little Gradder has got to be a blast to work with he has always got a smile on his face and willing to help out. What a great family.  God Bless
LOOKING GOOD 👍 👌 😎  FABRATS  "young and old" are making the Golden NUGET come alive , Tires n Wheels look  Awesome ,but I strongly recommend Wheel Locks on the lug nuts (one per wheel made buy McGaurd) they really finish off the tough little Stance the NUGET now has. Look forward to next update,Keep up the great work Y'all!!!
Silly question. Why didn't you swap the lower front shock mounts side for side instead of cutting and welding them?
Looking forward to seeing Robbie do his magic and the look on Ed’s face when he sees it. The Nugget looks sweet with the bigger tires on it! Thanks for sharing!
Wonderful Job fellers…
You don't want a fire either believe me I'm going thru garage fire rebuild now.🥵🥵🤔🤪
Nicely done and wow can not wait to see her go down the road, Ed will be so happy.
That's a big no-no he was just using the grinder without any eye protection. I've seen bad things happen that way
It is so refreshing to see kids doing things other than playing video games or playing on their phones. Good on you Paul for giving your boys interest in working with their hands.
@10:00 That tool that you called a caliper is a 1"-2" micrometer. Love the videos by the way!
hearing protection for your boys?
Time spent watching all the videos about the Nugget has been a little 'Slice of Heaven' ... Oh, I love all the videos you & company do but the love you'all show for ole'Ed really touches my 71 year old heart! . . . "ATTA-BOY to each and every one of Ya's!". . . charlie❣
I hope they keep the same color.
Can't  wait  for  Ed to go on his first recovery in th Nugget.
Maybe you should box rear fram install a hitch so Edd can tow a small trailer to haul cooler 😎 full of mountain dews
Weld the pockets shut on that hoodie!   That spring rate seems way too strong for the weight. Great little 'gopher' helper in training.  Lucky guy.  I wonder how many times people closely involved have said "We shoulda left this in the bush!"
Are you putting the wooden door back on? That is something I bet Ed would like back on.
I'm good with the fire it's the explosions I don't like. bahahaha That should be on a T-shirt
Loving all of these Golden Nugget videos. I shall be sad when it is finished. Maybe time to start on a new Derby car then ?
Looking good 👍
When do see the Engine turn over and the tranny spinning the tires in the correct direction 🤔
Curious question; I know you mentioned that Ed doesn't watch YouTube videos and has no clue that his rig is being rebuilt. So what is Ed thinking or told what or where his rig is? Fantastic work Paul! Michelle, the editing is looking good.
It’s so nice to see someone really enjoying their craft and using it to bless others. You are a inspiration to your viewers. Your sons are getting a hands on education. That’s priceless.
Looking good
The Golden Nugget is so close to nearing completion. Ed will be so happy. We will all be so happy, thank you for taking us along for the journey.
Awesome job Grayden!!👍👍
Loving it, Paul & Fab Rats 🇺🇸
This is so awesome you do a very good job, you and your team could not ask for anything  more the Nugget is on its way!!!  ☺
NOT ME WELDED THAT PAUL!!!!!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
A bit of heat an a few holes in the right place and voila ! Looking good  , Ed will be amazed
You guys are 1 of my favorite channels to watch, i wish i lived closer to you because i could sure use your help
Great video. Love seeing the nugget come together.  I would like a tshirt that has Fabrats, iron is my playdoh
Hey love yar channel thankiuu !     :O
Is it going to run at some point? :)
Paintwise I'd have left it as it was, but im sure ED will love it either way.
That little thing is so cool. I can't wait to see it unveiled to Ed.
Maybe Michelle needs a purple nugget 💜?
great to see the GOLDEN NUGGET/ED'S LJ20 almost finish and put some paint on her.. good job guys.
I just heard one of the most disturbing quotes in a while. "I think I need to let the smoke OUT of my gloves". 0h, the mental images that conjures up are not good. LOL
Way to go Paul! Ed is going to look awesome rolling in the nugget! Going to be sweet seeing it by the Yota and the Morvair!👍 Get this crew some Mountain Dew!🤘
I never understood caster angle until you did the thing with your hands and explained the contact point of the tire.  Now it makes sense.
This family is the the definition of “Team work makes the Dream work” ...
It’s about time you put the wheels on it.  It’s been looking like crap since you began.  You got it all right with your F45J.
Having way to much fun fabricating! Love the word fabrication also!
This thing is looking great. Hope we get to see you fire it up and test it before it goes to paint.
I love seeing the youngsters learning fabrication and working in the shop, but would like to see them learn to use  eye protection...... You explained positive caster, but called it negative caster (look it up!)......Really love  watching real fabrication in progress so I never miss an episode of your channel!.....I think it would be cool to just touch up all the fab sites on this rig but leave it in original paint otherwise
Love the tires and wheels!
We need more Grayden cam, he's a natural to the Go-pro.
Y'aller gonna make poor old Ed cry his eyes out. I'm looking forward to the reveal. I'll probably get all teared up.
Paul safety quote of the day  "it's not the fire, I can handle that, it's the blowing up I don't want to do".
Pretty cool when the Rug Rats can hang with the Fab Rats.
Positive caster. Not negative. We knew what you meant.
You know..with that square  ⬛  body and big tires..all the body panels on the golden nugget looks like a Minnie Hummvie
I like gooooold
When I watched you put those big tires on I wondered why. Then later you  used the words rock crawler that explains it. You do realize that you are building this vehicle for a 80 year old man right  not for you . Honestly do you think Ed is going to go rock crawling
It's not a rock crawler  ! It's a  PEBBLE  CRAWLER  !
Can tell me what brand of tires you guys like to use?
I can't wait to see the video where Ed gets the nugget back. The nugget is gonna be a sweet little rig.
Ed is gonna flip his lid!
That's a t shirt..(don't give up...just give it a Hiy Yaw!!!) With a pic of a stuck bolt or engine..
I thought you bought that lathe in order to do drive-lines ?  Did I dream that or was it actually a video a while back ?
Excellent progress, you all are amazing! ❤️👍👍👍👍👍😎
Was Randell on meat eater? The episode that the bear charged them
Those aren't calipers those are micrometers
Fires on your work piece is one thing, the damage that insues is the real pain to deal with.
She is really coming together, Ed’s going to love it. Nice work.
Grayden cam is my new fav part lol
Imagine being so well liked and respected that people put many hours into rebuilding your old Sammy. It makes me so happy to see this, I really have no words to explain the way I feel.
Make sure the boy keeps the ear plugs in when using a grinder  I was his age when I stuffed my ears and it’s been over 40 years of hearing the that screaming grinder in my ears  24 , 7  Even now just sitting here all I hear is the high pitch squeal  Good work on the nugget can’t wait to see Jamie do his magic on the body 😍😍👍👍
When you give it back yo Ed you should temporarily hang his plywood door on it just for the look
So.. thanks to the fellow subscribers for not complaining about the speed of the project!!! I was pretty surprised when I saw the hate in earlier comment sections after Michelle mentioned it, I haven't seen any in this one yet so.  Fab Rats family: great job as usual!! So awesome to see the work and how fun you can make it be!!
Please Please Please  put the white letters pointing out on the tires
This is a very special build I've felt it all along tho the closer the Golden Nugget get's to being finished making Ed happy is what this is all about & you're doing a natural hear, that's when a batter in baseball hits a single, double, tripple & a homerun in that order in a single game in case anyone was wondering, the homerun will be when Ed takes the wheel once again, can't wait for that day 😉👍
What a fun series this is! Also there is no better legacy than to teach sons (and daughters) the life tools that make their existence  better. They are also seeing you invest time and energy for a friend that will give him joy in his last and hopefully many years on earth.
Why not keep the original wheels and keep the same tire specs?
One thing for sure. Ed what be going to Advance Auto for any parts.
That thing is so sweet. Awesome ...the Toyota look good the other day too.
I see you picking off tasks in a few hours on the golden nugget that most of us would have to contemplate for a week then struggle with for another week, awesome.
Your gonna need to the guy who wired the yota to figure out what goes where when you get to starting it
That will be a really good sand rig.  I can't wait to see Ed do his first recovery with it.
How much have your subscriptions numbers gone up since working on the golden nugget?
It’s series like this, I love showing up late for. That way I can binge watch the entire series, whenever I want, and not have to wait a week for the next video. LoL   It looks great, can’t wait to see all the joy it’ll bring Mr. Ed. 🙏🏻🇺🇸
Simply a pure labor of love ....man you guys are awesome
Great job guys. You are really moving along on the nugget. Hope Ed loves it.
I found me a can of that FREE ALL on Amazon. I been spraying the pipe on the  EGR valve. Since they say you will catch hell getting it apart when you have to change it. So I been spraying it for a week. Hope it comes off easy. Thanks for telling me about the FREE ALL.
I appreciate  the level of complexity in all of your builds.  You could be wearing a white lab coat but it's to fun to get your hands dirty
Ed going be riding in style with a cig hanging out of his mouth. Lol
I was watching you walk beside the nugget  An I thought oh my God that thing is  A go cart  ! With big tires !!! Yeah talk about safe to drive ha ha not me
Coming together man!
Are you guys going to make a edit DVD or a file for Ed, of the build, start to finish? Because, i bet he'd enjoy watching that.
14:28 - I think that super-custom drift punch you used to knock out the e-brake hole can also be used as pliers. Slick!
You talk just like Captain Kleeman on youtube. Is that a regional thang? lol I certainly appreciate you both. I could only dream to be so laid back and mellow. I appreciate you both.
Looking good!! Those tires and wheels look super nice on that little rig!
Need a spare tire rack......?
Make a video loading up the golden nugget and dropping it off at robbie layton’s shop. That would be cool.
I love watching the boys working with dad. And Grayden cam
Really wish I was able to turn on notifications for your channel. I have to use Matt’s to tell me when you guys post cuz it’s usually at the same time
You should compile a glossary or fabrication dictionary . Todays word is “icromination”
That clears the oil pan by way better should be a tee-shirt.
I can only imagine the satisfaction that comes from finishing a job like this. Nice work! The first MORR video I saw was when they pulled the nugget out of the wilderness. It’s great to see the finished product.
You  need to tell him when he's under the card doing work, he need to wear saftey glasses.
Does that engine have a timing belt and if so is it a non interference? Maybe you could start with a fresh one anyways
What about a Test Drive…
Ed will be so happy to get his Golden nugget back
I remember the day my son worked in the shop with me at at age of eight till he was in the teens  Now he owns his own shop
"Shockifyed"? "SHOCKIFYED !?!?!?" For God's sake man, learn how to speak properly.............. It's "Shockificated" ! :D
Ed needs a stereo.
It´s already way better than I ever expected to be possible. Can´t wait to see Ed´s face when he will drive it the first time in so many years.
It’s turning out so good. I so wish I lived around u. I’ve got 2002 f150 with a rough country lift and I can’t keep. Idler arms on the steering.   It eats them up bout once a month.  If I could find someone to reconfigure the front and put a link all the. Way across I could eliminate the idler arm.    Anyway thank y’all for great content
Safety, safety, safety,….sucks when you get something in the eyes, cool build, and super cool that Landon is helping 👍👍
👍
I love all the  " UNSAFE SAFETY " I'm all about it.
Great job guys....eyecrometer workin flawless  !!.... keep up the good work !!
👍
I’ve really been enjoying watching this project come together.
It’s going to be nice cause you get to do it twice!  😂
Robbie needs to put a WOOD vinyl wrap on the  drivers door
Why dont y’all put LED headlights in it so the old man can see better?
Good to see your sons getting involved in this project Paul. Maybe future Pauls in a shop.
Gloves good TELL LANDON TO WEAR THE DANG THINGS when running a angle with a CUTTOFF WHEEL ON IT !!!!!!! How many times have we blown those up cutting stuff and the gloves KEPT YOUR FINGERS INTACK !!!!! PAUL YOU SHOULD KNOW BETTER THEN to let SAFTY issues go unchecked!!!! So how long will it be before ED HAS TO CALL MATT TO GET RECOVERED from SANDHOLLOW???  And how do you plan to give this to ED I think it should be kinda like MATTS BIRTHDAY sneak him out on a FAKE RECOVERY and bam there's NUGGET STUCK ON A HILL
Looking good Paul
That Golden Nugget is looking way better that the one you pulled in there! You're doing a FABulous job Paul, you never fail to amaze me at your skill and the eyechrometer work! God Bless all of you!
Did i miss an episode
I hope that Robbie doesn't try to make the Nugget too pretty. He went pretty off the rails on the Banana and it's gonna get scratched to shit the first day Matt uses it. Making Ed's Nugget too pretty is missing the mark.
cool Ed will love it well done
Love seeing your kids be so involved. Way to go dad.
Grayden Cam was great!
Robbie get MOVING the suspense of seeing Ed think of the old days in it ! Thank You all for this trip & many more to come 😉 !
Little nuggets almost there !! I'm not sure what I will enjoy more , Paul and Matt crammed into the cab or Ed's reaction when he see's it for the first time :)  Also it's great to see the kids helping...
vary nice
Exhaust pipe as a breaker (bender) bar, you guys are amazing, really enjoy watching Ed's build!
Hey guys.  What an amazing transformation of this little tiny machine. Your eyecrominator is spot on.  Really what I wanted to comment about is you involving your boys in your shop.  What you are teaching them is getting to be a forgotten art. You are teaching them to work with their hands and to fix and build things and that my friend is education at its finest. From one father to another you and  Michelle have done an awesome job    Have a great day from South Carolina
Wow! You have gotten that done fast!!! Amazing!!
It's great to have all the tool,, but they are useless without the knowledge you have.  I really enjoy your videos.  Thanks
Everyone is on it today, the banana finishing paint, the rudicon and now the golden nugget. Off road Sunday.
now that your about done with the builds you need to build the Jeepster for your wife so she has a rockcrawller too
why not build a beef bumper and move front spring perch to there?
Sir did you just call that micrometer, calipers?
Use the wheel caps I sent you for Betsy on Ed's build and I will send you more for the Betsy build.
...LOOKS GREAT...
Machinest tools wasted on you if you don't know the difference between a caliper and a micrometer.
Get them young men in the habit of wearing eye protection  enough said
Often when I am in the presence of machinists, I will call a Micrometer a "C Clamp" just to get a rise out of them.
Looking fantastic   Anxious to see the golden moment it and Ed are reunited
It will be nice to have the two major stressors done in your shop.
Very nice work!
Can't wait to see Ed's reaction. Winning.
10:00 - So “Sagebrush Bob” sent you (unsolicited) a genuine Mitutoyo® outside micrometer?! Paul, you gotta be doing something right. Most of my tools are HF garbage. Nevertheless, you need to keep your “eye-crometer©”: It’s irreplaceable!
your fans are the greatest! BUT........ your board line DISLIKE!..NO MICHELLE!!
2" receivers front and back?
Yes Blowing things up in the shop is definitely NOT A GOOD THING . Michelle would not like you in pieces . Randell keep a eye on him lol can't wait to see it painted and on the road for a test drive..
Good Morning Paul and family! Have a good day!
So Cool What Yall Are Doing For Ed...thank you Brother
That was a micrometer just for future reference. Not wanting to be a know-it-all
Paul isms hi-yah icrom etre more better
Wild bit of trail work last video,  well done
Hi, Just wanted to ask if in your state you have to have what we call an M.O.T. (Ministry of Transport) test for road worthiness like we re in the UK have to on motor vehicles 3 years and older. Also can I say thoroughly enjoy watching your channel, great stuff.
I laugh every time you use “way better” as a unit of measurement.
Hopefully Ed gets it really soon!
Bad ass job 👍🏽
That music is Hillarious, like an old looney tunes cartoon.
Wow Thats Cool that it's  About Done 👍
Looking good..y'all our doing a great job.
Awesome job. Been following this build and love the way she is taking shape. Great job
The SMILE ON YOUR FACE, says how much you appreciated the gifts ! It showed Sir !
Have life support ready for Ed when he sees the Nugget.
Awesome work Paul for sure buddy!! I’m absolutely loving the new look of ED’s old rig that got left way back in the woods I guess one might say!!!? I definitely think he will absolutely love it when he gets it back for sure!! I also absolutely love doing the same kind of stuff that you do and with my new shop that I built I’m definitely hopping things will be much easier and handier to do inside my new shop that is 60’x80’x16’ I just wasn’t able to get the infloor heat hooked all up and running before the snow was flying but I’m definitely hoping to have that all taken care of for next winter because I absolutely do not like working out in the cold!! Well Paul just remember keep up all the hard work buddy!!!
For those of a particular age, does he sound like Dana Carvey doing Ross Perot, or what?
Just think if you'd don't the body work you'd probably just be running into the steering issue now,.   If you were lucky
What about the Dash?
It’s Must See TV!
Very cool!  Robbie needs to paint it all black.
That's a badass little ride !!!!!!
Getting close I bet it will be nice to have it finished man a lot of work.
Young fella should be wearing safety glasses when he's under there working with dad. Just sayin.
Looking dadgum good , guys !
Fab Rats & Recovery Community is so American ! Helping each other & the Community !!!🙂
One pothole the whole front suspension crumbles
The nugget looks great Paul.  Ed is going to be so surprised when you give it back to him.  GREAT JOB!!!
Enjoying this series and journey of the Golden Nugget. Makes my day.
Gettin' there! Great channel
Can't wait to see Ed driving it looking good.
Be nice to see the look on Ed's face the first time he sees the nugget.
Lol. Robby is still not finished yet with the Banana and I think he may be seeing yellow too much. Robby and his crew sure do good work over there.  The work you've put into your YOTA and the Golden Nugget in such a short time is amazing. You really can crank out some work. Enjoyed the show and keep em coming.
Paul, your kids are learning lifelong skills! Awesome job! Incredible transformation!!!😃💯👍❤
What size tires?
Great vlog as usual, but that was a micrometer, not a caliper. Keep up the good work.
Had a smile come to me the other day, my oldest called me and said i just made 50 dollars changing out a gokart motor and clutch because the guy didn't know how to do it Thanks Dad! for teaching me the basics. :)
Tot I seen a fire blanket when you were opening the gifts
Want to see first drive !
That's how i grew up,  underneath holdin bolts
It’s so cool to see your boys in there with you
Great job!!! I can’t wait to see Robbies magic as well!
💪💪💪
Love it
I think it'd be pretty cool and it's only an idea that when it goes to paint you put on the hood fabrats
It’s so cool to see your boy in there with you god bless
Extending the wheelbase will smooth out the ride. 😉 On a more serious note, hopefully your “improvements” don’t make it a target for thieves.
is robby going to scrape and paint the frame?
Thanks again Randel for the great shots, also Paul's doing a fine job to.
It is so cool that guys who know what they are doing send you stuff that you can use. The Golden Nugget is looking great! Good to see the young FabRats getting so shop time!
Fantastic work.
THAT WORK IS ABSOLUTELY IMPRESSIVE.
Good morning and the gold nugget is looking great  can’t wait till Ed sees it
Another great video from the fab rats team!! Anxious to see the golden nugget getting all shined up!!
Didn't take long to look at a peice of metal (I brunt myself)
PAUL  The Nugget is coming closer to be finished ,  NICE JOB   :-))
You should've fixed the original golden nugget and made a nice new wooden door
Are you going to bring back the Jeepster in the future? That looked like an interesting project.
This thing is awesome!!
I like the way the carboard totally blocks the fuel vapor.
I want the nuggets!!! 🐕
Lmao you silly.  If I didn’t know what you were doing with that laser you think saying -4 to -8 degree caster angle cleared it up? Lmao.
Eye-Chromiter Twice, Cut Once. Then guestimate the massage-to-fit and got you a Fab Rat.
Gotta get extra particular with the eyecrometer. Kinda convenient moving the front axle forward fixes a lot of labour. Wheels looks great too.
Nugget is lookin’ good!
love watching your builds from up here in mass keep it up
That's a micrometer.
Great video. Love the kids working on it.
Long road. Great job
Oh wow ! How original, ugly black wheels.
That thing will benefit from that weight of the winch so the suspension works .  Awesome work , can’t wait to see it shine.
Awesome to see the boys working in the shop today.  Brought back some of the best memories of growing up working with my Dad in his shop.  The opportunity to work side by side with your dad defines a young man's character.
I really enjoy your channel but you're driving me crazy working without safety glasses. I know you are smarter than that!
Your gonna turn Ed into a celebrity when he is driving this around the valley.
Just bought my first welder at a yard sale yesterday. Haven’t welded since high school 24 years ago. Eager to learn again.
Looks awesome with those tires and wheels on it
Lower ball joint ahead of the upper is positive caster like bicycle caster, shopping cart caster is negative 😉
Wuzin't the headers wrapped? Awesome job y'all.
Can’t wait to see Ed’s face 😃
Perfect cant sleep this morning, thanks fabrats
I've heard the word castor used in wheel alignment for 50yrs but never knew what it meant until today.
So is Ed going to CRY, no matter I will !! 😢😭
Well the back end need Fender   Extensions... And maybe the front will need them all so ??
Ed is going to love seeing this thing and all that has been do it! Great content subscribed today!
Not me🤣🤣
Can’t wait to see the look on Ed’s face
Yea!!!!!!!!!
Fender flares?
We do it nice because we do it twice!
Heck yes! This is the best YouTube channel out on the line.
The PAINT shop??? Hold up hold up
It Is Daihatsu Taft?
Been waiting all night for this video! Excellent work Paul!
Midnight as per usual here in Australia love your content
Suzuki Jimny 4x4 lj 80 the best in the world
Yes another ones out!
Hell ya brother
Certainly coming along. Can’t wait to see it all buttoned up and handed back.
5th! or 6th or 7th or...
Good morning to all from Siesta Key Florida 42 degrees this morning
early!
Good morning and heck yes !~
Can you build me one next? Lol
