I have always been an EVGA fanboy as well. If they made AMD GPU's, I'd never use another nVidia GPU.
NICE card! GG!
This is like uncovering forbidden eldritch knowledge. The god that never was.
I just want EVGA back, IDC who they partner with
They need made it in shadow😂, that nvidia not notice.
They should let them continue do gpu. Such shame nvidia, such shame on forever.
i miss evga, why dont they go to amd or intel?
to this day i still dream of EVGA coming back
I had to come back to this video 😢
Shame that EVGA isn't making any Intel, AMD, or NVIDIA GPUS in 2025. Maybe next gen.
How does the anti sagging bracket even work?
I might not be a fan of EVGA or nVidia, but it is quite joyful sight to see you all guys enjoy this parting gift from the company that was loved by many. After all, It is sad to see them gone...
EVGA is like that hero that disappears like the avatar, when we needed them most. hope they come back to amd soon
good vid, nexus2
i would sell my soul for that card.
Sad never got to get a evga card i like the 1080ti ftw3 was a awesome card
I want eVGA to come back to making graphics cards!!  My new build will definitely have one of there supernova PSU's!! I miss these guys!!!
1:06 🤨😂😂
Where did Evga go then!? They need to make money SOMEWHERE i mean!?
I miss evga
If EVGA picks up Intel I'm swapping to arc
Pls can I have it for my EVGA collection 😊😊😊
i love my evga 1080 ti ftw3 but how mu ch bigger can i go with evga for a better card as my cpu is only a i7 6700k running 4.2gig
Hey jay.. where did you find that table mat??
This makes me want to cry.. We miss you evga!
been away from computers since 2020. i didnt know evga stopped. theyre all i used to buy. rip
It looks awesome,too bad it didn’t make it to the market
It was just when I started to get to know EVGA brand GPUs they announced they won’t produce more 😢
if EVGA would Make an Intel ARC Card... I Might Consider getting one  🫀
"We don't know why these cards are burning" - Someone maxing all the sliders on the overclocking software
What driver update was he talking about at 9:40
what's size for your big monitor computer thanks!
Good old EVGA known for making the loudest shit gpus ever existed xddd at least they look good 🤣
nvidia is really shitting the bed big time. AMD is on the virge of annihilating them with their integrated graphics, and then they fuck up the deal with EVGA...  It was a good run, nvidia. In about 10 years it'll be the same as me diggin up my old 3dfx card.. oh yeah.. those existed once also. Nvidia is going down he same route.
Have an evga 2070 super, gonna miss it when i upgrade
first comment of 2025, ill be back in 1 year, 01/01/2026 to comment again
I miss my EVGA cards so so bad.
any plans to sell the evga 4090 ?
why do you use a tv as a monitor
God i desperately wish they'd go to AMD, I've never had an AMD card but I"d go for EVGA lmao
Who still watches in 2024?
The styling of that card is beautiful
I've got the whole system built from all still available EVGA bits! Just to support them and get the top-notch stuff! And I still have 2080 in my old setup!
I've always loved EVGA. My shrine is much more humble, being boxes of their cards and a couple PSUs. I wish they would talk with team red.
Kinda bringing a tear to my eyes 😢
Ebert Drives
im crying. thanks for sharing tho
God what monitor is that??!!!
give
Batz Valleys
Elmo Squares
Real life unobtanium
Sure am going to miss the passion that Evga had for computer hardware. No one to this day comes even close to Evga ❤❤❤
Follow up? Since Phil is the one to actually catch it maybe let him do a follow up?? ❤
Jay - What Chair is dat??????
can you imagine if evga made an amd card
Im still rocking my evga 3080ti which has run pretty much flawless for almost 3 years now, so whenever you are done with that just lmk boss.
Id give anything to have those available today :c
EVGA always made nice looking cards, seeing this rainbow trash on the side when powered up made me wanne vomit.
I built my pc fairly recently and keep hearing about EVGA gpu’s and feel like i missed out.. atleast im rocking a 850w EVGA psu 😂
8:57 a few things to mention Wait why do you use a 48' monitor?
this video kinda makes me sad bc when i was thinking about about getting into PC gaming i was dead set on getting an EVGA card of whatever would be the current series bc imo EVGA's cards were the sexiest looking cards n when found out about them n Nvidia parting ways i cried internally for about a week
makes me angry. every card ive owned since 980ti to my current 3080ti has been evga and now the best card maker with the best specs and cooling is gone. fu nvidia. evga will often honor there warrenty well past its expiration because they are just BROS like that. if theres one company i would advertise for gladly its evga great customer support robust products robust cooling to keep clocks high great asthetics. rip the goat.
As much as I would love another EVGA card, AMD literally sucks balls and I'd rather have no EVGA than have my favorite card manufacturer making crappy cards that I wouldn't want
Please do more with the suprim. Show us how to unlock the power. Bios flash ? It would be great!
Actually pretty cool seeing an evga 4090. Watching this channel made me a big fan of the company that I even ended up getting a brand new evga rtx 3070 ti xc3 ultra for 290, such a steal.
What a nice gift.
Sad but understandable.
Its beautiful.
EVGA is like Batman. They're the hero we need, but don't deserve. The only difference is, we didn't get it.
I'm Jealous!
Where can buy 4090 EVGA?
Stop hype EVGA they just want ur money like all other companies.
You said exactly what I was thinking.  "That is one sexy card!"  lol
Late message here but boost lock has been on MSI Afterburner since Nvidia 10 series its the curve editor you select the highest voltage then press letter L to lock it and apply and then your clock is locked to boost.
Evga is the most trustable pc tech brand
i have a evga 1070...bought it when it came out, still works
plot twist its a ram kit disguised as a gpu
what couldve fucking been
what do you think about kingpin going with pny
AMD+EVGA= Next Gen Graphics Card. Let's Go!
oh man what a cryin shame Jay lstill rockin that  evga Ftw3 970sc  because of the idiots that drove prices through the roof during the "PLAGUE!!" my lottery number came up didn't have the $$$$$$ at the time soooo i missed my chance on the kingpin 3090ti hydro copper i wanted but did't get PAID fast edamnnuff so poof! fig'd oh well wait for the 40 series that never came!!! lol got sooooo many paper weights i'd like to take all that and build it into something that'd out do current  & next gen lmao like my jkumper cables starta big block with NO! battery just clamp the terminals 2ga welding cable 0-wait!!!!
Please return to the GPU space in some way!!! love EVGA cards!
Who cares, I don't.
Baby come back, you can blame it all on me
# 1766
evga was the best!! wish they would team up with another company like AMD or Intel.. but what I realy wish is them to come out with their own line of GPU's
holding onto my 3070. need evga to make one last run on the 5 series ....
The strix demolish the evga
miss evga ((
Fuck man coming back at 2024 and watching this card makes me cry. This is best looking card ever made. Nothing can come close to this card and its small toooo
Why doesn't evga go amd? I think it would be a good fit for them. I love evga products. I had to go amd after evga dropped out. I got a xfx 7900xtx  and it's been really good so far. They say it's supposed to be 355 board power but I'm continuously pulling 421 to 428 watts on it.
Baddest gpu on the planet fuck nvidia I cant wait for evga 8000 series
I fucking love EVGA. Their power supplies are top notch
It's weird seeing these videos about EVGA with them having almost no presence in the market at all. I thought they would have continued making other products, but they seemed to have abandoned that a year after the left the GPU market.
He has all those but not a EVGA 960 SSC. Heretic.
Only way to get good rgb now is zotac
Sou grande fã da evga
Why does everyone make a big deal out of a company that just has the best QA?
Now I am an Nvidia fanboy but I also love amd because of the affordability vs preformance. Why can EVGA just say peace to nvidia and make amd cards in their place. That way people can still enjoy they gpu designs.
I love my EVGA 3090ti. and my 3080 hybrid, and my 1080ti hybrid. It's absolutely sad they aren't making GPUs anymore. Great cooling, ARGB, and pwm plugs are fantastic additions.
🤔You say reviewers receive retail samples to review. Right off the pallet. I find that statement hard to believe. Why would any graphics card manufacturer “NOT” send a hand picked card to reviewers?  It would be in their best interest to send something that tested very well in any number of areas from stock to overclocked. Makes absolutely no sense that they would send a card “off the pallet”…………none………so I believe reviewers throw out a little BS on that statement. If I’m a manufacturer getting reviewed I’m gonna send you a sample that I personally think is the best of the lot tested by us. Same goes for motherboards, ram, cpu’s, etc, etc. If a review sample comes damaged you can point at the US Postal service……….not the manufacturer.
2024 and still miss evga
time for a EVGA inspired Build  (The final)
i stop buy cards when EVGA stop send them ,still with rtx 3070 evga beast card to OC
How many had Hawaii before leaving the Hard Rock at NYC, Ukraine so far, uh?! I'm not talking about motherboards, I don't see you screaming at little girl for scrapping the one checked out with the T-Shirt that was in the wardrobe for the party. Because I'm telling it myself, I'm not going to check the wardrobe twice for that other lost luggage issue because of a stupid record that fits that memory. Namastè.
I'm too jealous
It’s the next gen graphics not a 4090 why label you’re video as that then
Evga design is always the firest. Next is MSi
I wonder what will happen if EVGA decides to get together with ATI Radeon and put their ideas combined with ATI's ideas.  I know that the companies are total opponents, but since EVGA is no longer tied to NVIDIA, I think they can unite and create something truly amazing.  I am a fan of ATI and for me ATI is not behind NVIDIA in any way. I have tested ATI which were HIS version and then I noticed that with ideas from other companies ATI video cards become amazing in terms of results.  EVGA should think about such an idea.
I would buy one with RDAN Technology ❤❤
Come on EVGA join up the AMD  @RDNA & build the gaming card the game Community wants  One that that win millions of fans and they would join Just to say an big fck you to Nvidia
Jay!!! What size is your screen and how do you like it! I’m thinking of going smaller 55” tv for a monitor because curved screens make me chuckle
Still have a 3080 evga ftw3 ultra, great card for sure
I went from a 2080 strix to a 4090 strix and was astonished by how big it was.
From all the videos I’ve watched, I’ve concluded jay has a crush on Vince kingpin
AMD and Intel cards yeah power to EVGA✊
brooo what the fuck ??? you 2:20 the music kicks in the compilation wtf broooo got me in tears lol
I would switch over to AMD for the first time in my life if EVGA would make their cards. The whole reason I bought a 3090 TI FTW Ultra for over $2,000 was because I knew it would be the last time out ever get to buy an EVGA card.
I want to upgrade from my 3080. . . But 4000 series scares me even looking back on this. And I only own evga products after an msi incident. . . . So i super stuck
i have always wanted a evga card but the only card i found was a 3090 and they are selling for over 2k from where i am from so i just went with a 4090
And now we know why EVGA stopped. The solo 12hpwr required!
insanely jealous you have this, but I can't think of someone else more worthy.
I was so disappointed when I found out there was no EVGA 4090 when I did my latest build a few months ago... All I ever had was EVGA cards starting with the 780... I just gave my son my old system with an EVGA 2080 super in it. I called him a couple weeks ago and made it clear, if he replaces the card, or sells the system that card comes back to me... no question.
I have an EVGA RTX 3070 TI and I love it. I actually like it better than the founders edition one since the EVGA one has nice rgb lights. I definitely miss EVGA cards.
I WANT EVGA BACK 😩😩
I'm still rocking my Evga 2080 Super XC Ultra. Also, even if you hack the card to let it take more power, the differences are negligible. Ive seen a 4090 taking 1000w
EVGA make amd gpus instead we need you
your gonna be blind with that monitor
Still burning connectors?! Just use bolt on lugs at this point Nvidia. "Torque to 10ft/lb." 🤣
it is a 3090 ti
My first GPU was a 1050 TI from them and the darn thing gave me 0 issues before it's age began to show.... I'll miss EVGA.
HUH! EVGA MADE ITS OWN GPU!
still so sad that EVGA stopped making cards... if they go AMD and like others said if they do... I do
evga x intel
my pc was died on multiple bios switcheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee section ı touth was a joke (memory management)
I miss my evga card
2024 and im still waiting for evga to release their own graphics card
NO WAY GUYS EVGA IS BACKKKKK AT LEAST ON NVIDIA 2:34
EVGA fucked up so bad with the 30 series coolers. They are literally some of the ugliest card designs of all time; especially the ones with the clown lips. It’s crazy because they had the nicest 700 series cards by far, after that it was all downhill.
My 3080 FTW3 is great
Still waiting for the EVGA Radeon.
im upset now all the other 4090s look like crap mainly the tuf variant
If EVGA comes back on NVIDIA or AMD, i will buy it from them. I own a EVGA FTW3 Ultra RTX 2080 Ti and i won't sold it
This made me so sad every build over ever done had an EVGA gpu and finally decided to do a high end build this year and found out I couldn’t do EVGA gpu this time really did hurt
just flash the vbios and unlock the card
19000hz on mem... that is beyond just stupidly high. Thats the type of ram speeds you see on like, custom commercial business workstations.  I bet you that card would have been the best for out of box overclocking if they had launched it.
As usual, EVGA looking out for the customer and taking care of that weight of the card. That's very important or you end up with a card that stops working and you don't even think to look for the crack at the retention finger :D I still have an EVGA 1070, passed down through 3 PCs. I miss EVGA.
Man I miss EVGA GPUs :(
At this point Nvidia should be boycotted
So cool they gave you one, that's awesome dude.  I'd feel like I made it if they just gave me that thing 😅
Still rocking an evga 1070 sc.   I never knew evga stopped gpu's but it's sad they did.  I pretty much went evga or asus lol
EVGA is my favorite brand. I ive been nothing but happy with the products I've purchased from them.
Def miss EVGA had some of the best cards!
no just the front end, but the back plate.... this card is by far the best looking gpu i've seen yet, sadly we will never get our hands on it :(
Wtf the best 4090 is actually the 4090 that doesnt exist.
I had only one 3080 EVGA for a few months, but that card was sublime. Sad to see them go.
That card will be worth a lot to a collector if you ever sell it... I have and am still currently using my Evga 3090 Ti ftw3 card and probably will use it till they make a decent card wither in the 50 or 60 series , zero sag with my card because it's well built
JayzTwoCents you got a 1 fan 1050ti 4 gb superclocked from EVGA ? i got one, do you want to buy it from me ? still working good.
I know evga said no more graphics and I understand why. But it would be nice to see evga say hey amd let’s team up for a short time and let me teach you what you’re not understanding when it comes to gaming cards and how to stand above the rest of the manufacturers ❤
EVGA dropping Nvidia is what made me do more research into how predatory Nvidia is being to not only consumers, but their own damn board partners.   I spent like 15 minutes looking for an EVGA 4070 ti for my most recent upgrade, and was pissed when I found out. My first GPU was an EVGA.   The death of EVGA is what made me switch to AMD.   Love my 7900 XT
and it gets worse KINGPIN LEFT EVGA EVGAA RETIRES MOHTERBOARDS ANF NVIDIA RETIRED  GEFORCE GRAHPIC CARDS LIKE ALL OF THEM
I is a crime against humanity that this card never made it to the stores. Damn nvidia!
Really a bummer that this will never become a thing. Hopefully EVGA teams up with AMD cause I really do t like the look of any of the new cards, except the zotac, that ones ok
I prefer the leash, because I have fans on the bottom of my case, and I’m not installing the stick under GPU, he is a genius who created the leash, I hope EVGA joins AMD, not sure if there is a possibility with Intel GPU, but at least I hope EVGA starts making stuff again, my top brand was EVGA, even Power supply
Hey Jay this is late but you could most likely flash any other 4090 bios on this card. I’d give it a shot considering the dual bios.
I miss evga
Hey Jay, did you loose your glasses? Using a TV as a monitor in not the solution ;) hahaha
Such a shame the best manufacturer left GPUs
What if EVGA made their own cards? Actual original designs paired with their patented software???
if EVGA ever teams with AMD im buying instantly
Everyone knows Asus made the best looking cards beside nvidia
@JayzTwoCents  what did you say?  54 c???? or F????
What a shame…EVGA always was the coolest nVidia manufacturer and had the highest perceived quality imo.
Who made the not 4090 intro beat??? Another great video jay!!
what screen is that?
might just me.. but i liked the herpes E look LOL
EVGA brought me to the dance and I am reluctant to leave without them.
What is the fps
i has the last ԐVGA officially released cards on the market. The EVGA Geforce RTX 3090 Ti ... rip ԐVGA! 😭
I have 2 months 4090 ... playing all new games and its super.. cables are good
This is probably my dream GPU. One feature i'll dearly miss when my Vega Frontier will be replaced are the leds on the front indicating the load and the little bios led here comes close enough in my book. Man...
timthefatman
i got a evga 3080 ti and love it
Please please try a different vbios. Like you said, you could always flash a new bios if you had to
Kingping RX 7900xtx o my lord XD
Does it have coil whine though?
Guess what...I have one too....in my EVGA dreams. lol
Nvflash?
Amazing 😢
Nah asus rog strix is cooler
I hope a Jensen gets hit by a bus and an actual human being replaces him. And EVGA comes back into the video card market.  I settled for a Zotac 4090 this time around. And it broke my heart. Up until now I have been using EVGA since 2008.
I just built a new system from Xidax and ended up with an MSI 4070. Other than that All of my graphics cards have been from EVGA for the last 13 years. I really hope EVGA reconsiders and jumps back into the market. I would jump over to AMD based cards in a heartbeat if they did. Started with the GTX 260, way back when
nice'
You're too funny Jay lol
I'm holding off because CPUs and GPUs are about to change later this year...
not just the 4090 now some amd cpu also joined the burn the huse party i thibnk im just gonna skip an other generation and still whait for something reasoneable
I wish instead of "next gen..." they put "NOT-RTX 4090". (and make each letter individually rgb adressable 😅)
I had the evga 3090 ti and wanted to upgrade to a 4090. It was a bummer evga departed because i loved my 3090 ti. How it perform, how it looks, and overall quality
9:36 someone said it finally lol...
damn.....   THAT is an amazing card to have in your collection.  Still not using it?  Or do you trust the power cables now?
You can straighten the fins with a fin comb.
Likelihood of EVGA working with Intel ARC?  I can see AMD at some point.  Also, what about EVGA making their own GPU and giving that a try?
I too am a EVGA fan boy. Been exclusively buying their cards since the 900 series (I bought many from every gen since.)  By far the most customer friendly brand. I miss them.
EVGA Herpes.....
I have an evga gtx 970
она слишком много жрет энергии щита за свет будут частые будто опять 2000 годы 😂
not much of a fan of Nvidia stock cards but i have always loved EVGA and this EVGA Nvidia Card looks brilliant, looks Smooth :) even if this was a paperweight i would probs put it on the wall :)
EVGA GPU's coming back with Intel? A secret business venture in the works? More design freedom, better margins, knowing Intel is going to compete with 4090ti? *keeps knitting a sweater*
Is there any video about your EVGA collection?
Evga in my personal experience, is pure trash. Peripherals, hardware components, had multiple issues with both. Asus or bust
If evga makes amd cards, I may have to start buying them, evga was the only brand I've bought because their cards have always held up until I was ready to buy a new one.
What monitor is thaaaaaat!!?
That card is beautiful ! It's just sad to not see it live :(
CRYING RIGHT NOW!!! I too am an EGVA FanBoy...I am currently running their 3080 Ti FTW in my current rig but alas when I upgrade my rig completely this summer I will be going with the ASUS 4090 Strix card you just shown aka THICC BOI :p
Dumb channel simping dumb products
Wish they would go get the 3D mark record with the EVGA card
This is a hell of graphics card! I wish EVGA had produced this card.
Own AMD stock but run Nvidia cards. Figure that one out.
Day 1 Of asking a random youtuber for $750 bucks for buying a gamming laptop cause my laptop only got 1650🤝🥲
EVGA will forever be on top, regardless of being gone
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Ive had nothing but EVGA in my rigs throughout the years. sad to see em go. now to find another and i don't even know where to start
EVGA 4090 Hydro Copper would have been a nice thing for water cooling. : )
long live the king
That's a gorgeous card.. I'd have bought it or any of the 4000 series.. wish they didn't stop.
Is that a monitor or a TV that you have the card hooked up to?
Does anyone know what monitor that is?
After getting the masterpiece of the nu audio pro last year (after my Asus Xonar Essence ST had serious issues with ryzen processors), i am an absolute fan(boy/girl) of EVGA. So sad that they don't have nvidia graphicscards anymore.
I hate you rn. I honestly don't know where I'll go from here. I've been EVGA since the 780Ti. Owned a 980ti, 1080ti, and now currently I have a 3080ti and a 3090ftw3...
EVGA made nvidia palatable for me.  Hard to support nvidia without EVGA
Why don't GPU card makers make a different color body and fan or a customizable system? WHITE, BLUE, RED, GREEN.
check nvidai smi - cc cuda and other parameters
They should make a Intel arc EVGA graphics card, just like Asus Rog will soon push it out
So how much would it cost to get this off Jay's Hands
I'm sad that EVGA will no longer engineer there own cards. They were always top tier pieces. I'm proud to own my 3070ti ftw3. I hope it lasts a long time.
EVGA should make Intel cards 😂😂 that would really hurt them 😂😂
Couldn't care less or more about EVGA. I've never bought anything from them.
It's weird, I always kind of thought EVGA as a cheap brand growing up. Maybe that was just early stuff though. Something about them always seemed kind of janky. Could have just been marketing or their particular box art or something.  The more I hear about them lately the higher quality they seem to be.
I just came across this chanel and i am a new evga graphiques card owner, i am now wondering how good are evga cards it seems from what i have heard that they were one if not the best card builder out there.
I bet hes got 1000 gpu's sitting around..I need one! :)
So sad!! EVGA is king
My first card was a evga GTX 770 SC FTW 2gb card and I will always remember them for that. I had limited budget and options and the evga card was the best I could find fory budget. Died on me two years ago and just recently brought it back to life with a hot air station
I don't understand why evga didn't want to seek partnership w amd. Maybe some bad history, but I'm sure it would've drummed up some hype for amd and give Nvidia a little bit of pushback in the market.
Sigh, I wish I didn't watch this video, it's hard enough having to look for an alternative to EVGA. Such a beautiful card.
Ouf, even got tears in my eyes... this could be ours... but Nvidia just wanted to be like kim yong un
My EVGA 1080ti is still a beautiful cards. I can't bring myself to ever sell it.
It was heartbreaking to see EVGA drop out of the market.  They were the only GPU I would buy and I loved their AIO cards.
Evga has good customer service. I think it's more that than losing a competition company. Even though nvdia might have did bad to its partner but people careless about that.
evga team up with AMD or hell even Intel . EVGA is one of the few brands that I feel even if the product was garbage there was gonna consistently good customer support and their products were rarely garbage. And they do so much.
Sadge
Can I have one, please? Don't care if it doesn't work! for 'display' purposes only
I feel like  my first love just died and I feel like im gonna throw up and i want to cry.
7:19 I want to know who’s their dealer
Because of the size of all the new cards. The power should be at the back. That way it goes directly into the case. No bend would ever be necessary and the plug size could be bigger as well. Also if you wanted to make a bracket from the top of the case to the card then it should also be a mount for a temp. screen. That way it could also cover all the wires going into the case. It would have a clean look to it.
i would love for EVGA to license out ICX to other brands who might be willing to pay for it
Hats off to EVGA for sending the card out and for their decision to go in another direction. I hope they make an AMD card in the future.
You got the world's only FTW3 4090. Luckiest man alive.
When my EVGA 980ti caught fire, I called up EVGA with no questions ask they asked if I can RMA it. Few weeks went by and i got a 1080 from them to replace my 980ti. They are probably the best when it comes to customer service in this department. I sure do miss their GPU's. Keep on rocking EVGA.
So what they're going to do now? Focus on making motherboards and PSUs?
I have owned EVGA for years and just unplugged my FTW3 3090ti for a MSI 4090 Suprim Liquid X yesterday.  If EVGA was still it the game it would have been one of their cards :(
I think the “harpies” bumps are COOL!  They feel like evidence of advanced engineering (even if they’re not).  The best graphics card I’ve ever owned is an EVGA 2080 Super, which I bought several years ago, and I am still using today.  In fact, I JUST completed a new PC build hours ago and the only component that I reused, was the EVGA 2080.  EVGA makes (or made) the best graphics cards.
From what model did they start make it with the screwed down bracket?  Does the 3070 got it too or just higher ones? 🤔
I am so happy I got a Evga 2080 super XC ultra, I know its not the most Recent card but I got it for 240$ barely used runs perfectly and it's one of the prettiest card iv ever seen, I tried looking up how much it actuallly where I reside (Canada) and it showed up as 1.2k$ on newegg. Can anyone confirm if thats actually whats it worth or not. Thanks
Thank you jayz and evga for letting us see the card. You guys are awesome
Imagine if EVGA started making their gpus and would save the pc gaming world, they could absolutely kill in todays market if they could afford the overhead to produce all these chips and potentially not make profit on their first run but they could probably overtake both AMD NVIDEA in gaming gpu sales
The twist in this video is as followed: The Number 1 spot on the leaderboard is actually 4090 EVGA card flashed with another manufacturer Bios. Take that Nvidia :)
evga should do a 180 and re-enter the market but go totally on their own and just go ham with it
And it looked so much better than the 3090 oh my god. I have always up until recently been team evga. I started with a 750ti, then a 970, and lastly a 3060. They were always great and had good warranty.
I’m so glad I got a evga 3080
EVGA "Definately NOT" Navi  ;) would shred the market.
Why not make it 4 power ports.
I managed to get a 3080 open box evga non lhr for 500 dollars works perfect and it has some scratchee and a bend on one part but overall looks new definitely a steal
i was not rly a fan of the evga cards but this one made me say: wow i would get it if i could.
Now Asus, MSI, Zotac, Gigabyte and others should follow suit. Nvidia should be called out for their scummy marketing and prices.
Unpopular opinion I think gigabyte makes the best looking  cards
Not gonna lie, the pulling out pun had me in stitches! Love your videos and miss evga too.
Next up : "Nvidia Sues EVGA"
Totally agree there Jay. EVGA needs to make an AMD card!❤
I love how the NOT 4090 card looks like a slick car engine. Beautiful and tragic at the same time
Go EVGA, stick it to team green. I'm so glad they released this to you and other youtubers. Showing off what could have/should have been with the next GPU line up. EVGA honestly pumps out pure quality products, and I'll be very sad that the last EVGA card I'll ever buy is my EVGA 3080 10Gb. I'm not too sure I'll see the same build quality in another TP manufacturer. Love EVGA <3 <3
NVidia lost big time when they lost EVGA's market.   I don't want NVidia to go but EVGA's departure is a hard nail to bear.
EVGA <3 sadly this gen i had to go with MSI :(
Damn it, EVGA thought of making a power port on the side of the video card, which other video card brands didn't do, EVGA is in my heart❤
It was awesome of them to send you one.
i bought a prebuilt and eventually upgraded and used a few parts from my prebult to build a better pc, and i ended up with a evga 3080 12g and with all the talks about the evga departure being a real shame to the gpu industry, im glad i got it.
sooo… are our sexy EVGA Gpu’s now kinda like rare ass Pokémon cards?
Then there is me snatching Nvidia p2200’s from our school computers in the middle of class for my computer at home and for reselling
My absolute fav evga design was the 2060 ko
Had many EVGAs, most recently a 3090 and their build quality, customer support has always been top notch.  Truly sad to see them exit the GPU space.  😢
Pain
Will be buying used EVGA cards for updates on eBay for the foreseeable future. Killer card!
We live in a shitty timeline.  It could be worse, but it def could be better.
My first EVGA card was a 8800GTS from 2007!! since then they were my number one place to go. 2 years ago they replaced a GTX260 bought in 2008 for a GTX1650 super, no questions ask. Without a doubts EVGA was the number one in product quality and costumer service. if they go with AMD I will definitely buy from them, no questions ask.
EVGA AND AMD PLS TEAM UP
DAMNNNNNNNNNN ITS SOI GOOOD
Never forget the day I got an email saying that after 100k+ sales they were no longer paying out associates  and I had to go back to working a real job. Thanks crypto.
AMD has a more recent history of giving their board partners more control over product releases, hence the amd r9 295 x2 that released years ago, it was a dual gpu card. EVGAS biggest complaint was the tyrannical behavior of nvidia, and their attempts to stop board partners from tweaking nvidias designs. AMD would probably gain HUGE market share numbers if they played ball with EVGA and encouraged their partnership.
This hurt
That's an amazing looking rtx "4090"
tell me about that monitor :)
I love evga, i choose evga. They are different, they listen, they care. Am really sad that Nvidia choose other way but as long as evga keep their way as it is i will always choose them first.
My ASUS TUF 4090 is the same where it weighs a ton, but no sag because they also followed your solution. Maybe they where listening too.
EVGA leavig a market they were leaders. Like stoping doing cars when you are BMW or renault
If evga starts making their own cards I NVIDIA will probably take and’s  place whilst and will be gone from the market.
the only evga card that really looks good, love the honey comb design
So why are Evga not producing the 4090?
EVGA with Intel would be nice to Kick NV/AMD A** and Show them what they can ;)
With EVGA no longer making gpus, my likelihood of buying new Nvidia gpus just went down. I've always had the best luck with their gpus out of any on Nvidia side. I've been pretty much amd only since the rx400 series and ryzen. On a r7 2700x with an rx5700xt, powered by an evga power supply lol
the saddest part, I still haven't had a single EVGA product but want one and having a hard time finding one
Wait a minute. Does PTW mean power to weight?
I am still rocking a 1080ti. Needing badly a new GPU but I can't see another brand in my daily.
Evga are by far my favorite cards
It pains me that evga is gone in the gpu market. I getnthat they were tired of dealing with nvidia, but man, it's rough. They have always been my go to for a number of years now, their products always seem to last me the longest and they have great customer support. Loved their overclocking capabilities aswell. What the heck is kingpin gonna work on now????
i cant understand why more cards dont havethe plugs on the front. my reddevil 6950xt has three pcie wire looms coming off the side, right in the middle of the glass screen. tuck the wires in more, and they block off the last fan completely, and not trying to put stress on the pins.
"super secret", *puts on youtube*
wait wait wait your telling me evga is back at making nvidia cards well so much for them not doing it🤣
Yeah reelee pissed me off they jumped ship b4 the 40 series
I’ll never understand how people can be proud of things that are just given to them, where’s the pride in ownership
I would have gone with this card for my 4090 but have settled for an Asus TUF
10:00 dangggggggg <3 a tron of love for the retesting overhaul for this perofrmance change up causde thats deffinitly creitical info in this currnet market no doubt
8:50 for reallllllllllllllllllll~ its almost like they were "gamery branding" enough to actually continue in the current market hahahaha but fuck thats professionalism idk~ still early sample buuuuuut yep happy for the video thanks again
like i honestly loved the ftw series 1080 and such but the 30 series always felt way too much especialy those fan texturing but damnnnnnnnnnnnnn even tho its an engineering sample that one will make a grreat display cause seriously its so clean, so minimal but still stylish and has a precence hahahaha. think its the more lovable nad painful to see one only because we know we cant get it and thats what i had bene hopeful for until the announce ment <3
but damnnnnnnnnnnn its SO MUCH SEXYER than the "clown lips" or what i like to say was the ride the wave style of the 30 series and god its exactly wqhat i would have wnated hahahahahah bummer but so cooooooooooooooooooool my 1080 ftw is missing its 4090 ftw 3 steroids big brother hahahahah
eyyyyyyyyyyy now THATS some insider collector fun right there HAH. thanks for the vidoe this is the brand ive loved the most so its always cool to see whats what
Oooohhhh.... it's so gorgeous, I would pay twise the price of 4090 to get this specific GC (I know it's actaully owrth much more now). I had my last 2 GC from EVGA, 1080Ti and current 3080Ti. I will surely follow EVGA, if they decide to continue doing GPUs. If not, who knows...
I was an evga ftw3 fan for the last 3 generation.... we love u evga... plz return back... masters of the gpu industry
EVGA needs to get finish with their red-pill supplements and join AMD
Somehow I am viewing a YouTube video from an alternate timeline.
Bought an EVGA 3090 in late August *specifically* because of their Step-up program.  I timed it perfectly. I was so pleased.  Then BAM they drop the news.  No 4090 for me. And it's priced at what I paid for my 3090 too, so F*** me right.   We'll see what the 5090's hold I guess.
It’s a beauty
Now worth about $13k lol
Shame on you Ngreedia! Shame on you. Some of the nicest features EVGA put into the current generation prototype, fixing most of the problems the cards have.
Oh man, this video just made me sad. You can see clearly on Jay eyes the sadness of EVGA stopping making video cards.
my EVGA GTX 660 is still running strong 12 years later.
God, this card makes me weep. I totally would have bought this.
Cant acept this cards size....  TSMC goes like : " Hell yea! we did it ! 4nm techproces chips done! Nvidia: " Hmmm our card flexing while in pci-e slots ? Lets add mooooore metall and make it so tough!
My EVGA 550Ti will remain in it's shadowbox forever.
EVGA: we're no longer making graphics cards and axing our relationship with NVIDIA also EVGA: here's a 4090 ... Who would have guessed EVGA would troll the world?
😢
Every fiber of my being wants EVGA to make their own cards
Gonna nit pick you here Jayz, but why ads for data center grade Kioxia drives? You aren't taking sponsorships just for the paycheck on the end of them right? Please everyone criticize me as much as possible here but who on earth is going to purchase Kioxia datacenter grade drives watching currently?
EVGA leaving the GPU game is why I'll be giving RDNA 3 a try. I will be buying EVGA's coolers though.
Nvidia screwing their partners
Ничего без субтитров не понял
I feel like EVGA sending out this card like this is a big F you to Nvidia and I'm all here for it
I want EVGA to produce their own GPU's. That would be awesome if they could compete with Nvidia and AMD.
The card saying "EVGA | Next Gen Graphics" on the side hurts somewhat. I'm glad they sent you a model!🥲
If EVGA goes AMD, I will go AMD too
Say what you will, but I don't like EVGA cards aesthetics
I'm basically at a loss with EVGA out of the game, went frommy Gigabyte 6870 back in the day to my EVGA 980Ti then their 1080Ti where I am today. Always planned to go to the 4000 series but now it's like ....well shit what do now ? MSI seem ok but yeah
What if, just what if; we started to build PC as ther where 1998, like that box you had on the desk that you placed the monitor on the get it to a good viewing height, would that not be better for CPU and also be better tor the GPU due to how gravity work? Maybe it is time to rethink PC and the PC layout we have today, for now we have a hot GFX just under a CPU that want to be cool, but if it is like a old PC so the GFX stand up all heat from the PC can be removed from a far larger area, and there would be no need to hang the poor GFX.
i came to this video wanting to know about the evga card. i left knowing my evga card apparently has herpes
yeah i'm a bit of an evga femboy
Jayz - don't have to hold tears. It *is* a sad moment... <3 the shrine.
super easy to flash them, but seems like not a ton of gains to be had there really
Every month nvidia be releasing driver updates that make your gpu run faster. I'm like hmmmmmmmm. HHHHHMMMMMMMM>>? Lol
EVGA 7800XT would be mint,  Should make a skew called the "Regalia" or something. Doubt they could use the FTW or Kingpin branding anymore but if EVGA made AMD card it would easily be the most clean, regal looking card available.
i wanna see intel x evga gpu just for the funnies tbf xd
Yeah that’s sick.
It's definitely going to be a collectors card, so try not to drop it 🤣
With the mention of the power cable... Am I the only one that looked at it when it was introduced and thought "Wow... That looks janky..."?
I dont know why you like EVGA, I find their GPUs to be the absolute ugliest of the entire bunch
i would love to se EVGA going in to Intel and helping them with the drivers, their experience is a lot worth
From my first card, the EVGA 480 1.5gb over a decade ago to the evga 970 4gb 5 years later, thank you for such great performance for over a decade straight! Besides the fucking temp of the gtx 480. Fuck that! You could literally cook food on it!
I’ve always preferred EVGA’s design aesthetic over all of the other AIB partners. They just know how to make nice looking products. Their graphics cards and power supplies just always looked better than their competitors’ in my opinion.   I would love to see EVGA cranking out top tier Radeon cards. If they decided to launch an EVGA 7900 XTX, I’d absolutely buy one.
Has EVGA said ANYTHING about AMD cards?
EVGA was my go-to brand for gpu's. Oh well. That card looks so nice.
got my rtx 3070 EVGA FTW3 ultra 2 weeks a go for 500€ at last a good prices :D
I guess nobody knows the real reason but I’m hoping EVGA took a stance against Nvidia’s predatory practices and told them they would not treat their customers this way.
I m ACTUALLY really sad AND sorry about the fact EVGA will not built ne nvidia graphic cards! -those were the only cards after zotac I ve ever own BUT I d like to see them cooperation with ATI instead(!)
Too bad for EVGA, but then, nvidia is a total joke the last few years!!!
Once i had no money to eat and nearly died but evga was Nice enough to sent me a gtx 1080
once i heard EVGA broke up with NVIDIA, i went out of my way to get a 3080 ftw3 to upgrade from my tuf 3070. im so glad i got my hand on one of their last cards. i hope they come back with AMD or something
Still hoping they come back to the market in the future. They made the best cards
I have no doubts that the cable issue is what caused EVGA to call it quits with NVIDIA. EVGA is known for their impeccable customer support and warranty policies. The cables would literally push those policies to the brink.
The holy grail, Jay... You have the holy grail.
😀OMG  - Jay - DO us viewers a favor? I have a EVGA 2080 FTW3 Hybrid - I know off hand it would be a lot of Work - YOU DID say you loved EVGA and you got your EVGA Wall back there. Do a posting of results for testing those cards using the Precision X1..!! OR just my card (selfish EVGA Fan Meh) 😀
Damn that looks really nice
Portable heater
EVGA was the best GPU partner and everyone unanimously agrees. If they start making AMD cards, that by itself will earn both EVGA and AMD millions. I'm guessing EVGA doesn't want to immediately jump ship in order to maintain a sense of integrity and dignity, but it will happen.
what kind of monitor is that
thats cool
If EVGA goes to AMD and/or Intel, they'll win every consumer's hearts
Are we ignoring the fact that it says GeForce 4090 in the bios of the card 💀
Evga Gpu s high quality and spresific line   I love Evga
Love my Evga 1060 6gb . Bought it in 2017+game for 200$ . Best money spent
i am so excited when all the patents fall... aio patents, gpu patents.. everything... the gaming world is going to get as custom as the car community
Omg if EVGA made AMD & ARC cards that would be the best!
Based on how well the design for the EVGA card is,  I wouldn't be surprised if Nvidia is happy EVGA bailed on GPUs....
I cried during this video.
What other cards have the power cables on the side? Hate the front cables
ASUS ROG Strix for me :)
waiting for the day we mount graphics cards to the front of cases like radiators
14:12 Just use MSI Afterburner  THe best automatic Curve.  And set memory manual
Imagine if EVGA +  INtel cards?
Remember, nobody said they couldnt come back with newly negotiated contracts, which may have been what they were truly after....playing the long game. This abatement will show their worth financially and in the community if there were any doubts. They can even out right sell to someone else with the vision to keep it going properly, but if not then yeah, i hope he closes the doors.   EVGA is truly a great customer service company and pretty much always has been. Yes, they dont get it right every time and theres no way they could please every single customer, but they are damn close. They also offered unprecedented services that the others wouldnt even touch cause they didnt know how to treat customers. Thats the secret sauce to success, you HAVE TO be customer service oriented and in a top tier way. Thats how you build customers for life. EVGA took it another step though and built a great user community behind the company, which worked because the users wanted to be there. The company, its products and its services were worth it. They may be back in some form or fashion so dont despair yet guys. :)
What a video, so much respect for both EVGA & Joe.
hell yea
jo jay why dont yo automate most of the testing? sounds like something that should not cost to much effort&money and could save lots of time.
I've had an EVGA GTX 1080 in a system that sits behind me since 2015.  It has been lit up nice and bright with EVGA GEFROCE GTX 1080 for the last 7 years, it's a good reminder how awesome EVGA can be.
U lucky dog!!
dude!
What a rare piece of hardware
that gpu is way too big and just perpetuates the gpu sag issue.
What a sick card!! I love EVGA sad they are out of gpu market but I understand.
That'll be worth money! Keep it locked away
Would reducing the fan speed give you more power for Overclocking?
Im a huge fan of EVGA i even have a mouse from them (X20, great mouse, perfect 4 my needs) and i would LOOVEEEE a partnership between EVGA and AMD
amd evga would be dope
I wonder if it's possible to adapt the firmware from a different card and then you will have the only working evga 4090!
I would be happy to buy my first AMD card if evga made one
If you love EVGA you have to respect it’s business decisions :)
That really is such a gorgeous card
If/when evga goes to Radeon I Will Follow. I buy graphics cards because I need them 1 and 2 because evga makes them
yeah +1 one EVGA making AMD cards :)
i was thinking the same thing. evga amd cards.
From what I know, EVGA is never gonna make AMD cards, especially as they are rivals, but they may go team blue.
Evga needs to team up with intel . Add the 3rd competitor and make things really flip. So green doesn't  charge the price of a car for a gpu.
Doing a first build. Can you do build to where I can add a graphics card later? Just had a new born and can’t afford to do a full build. Need recommendations on parts
Spoiler alert the newer stuff also has driver overhead
What the name of the music heard when showing the card? Thx.
Hey what's the best choice for GPU between this 3: MSI Rx 6700 XT mech 2x 450 USD, gigabyte Rx 6700 XT eagle 450 USD and gigabyte rtx 3060 ti 600 USD
bro that rgb looks insane!
Makes me so sad EVGA would do this shit to it's loyal fan base. That's all I've ever bought from even their first card ever made. Yah screw Nvidia but who gets the raw end of the stick us consumers. I say EVGA sucks it up and keep pushing forward beating out all the other card manufacturers and keeps us the consumers happy. I mean come on who buys their mobos, power supplies, and peripherals I don't.. Now EVGA get your ass in gear.
Looking this video makes me sad. This card is a masterpiece!
I'm going to guess that the differences on the card, are what caused the issues with NVIDIA. Who said you can't release it. And they just said ok then F-You. Bye 👋
great video but have to ask what monitor is jay talking about the software please ?
Whats this about a driver update for 20% improvement?? What driver version?
this is what god would use to play video games with, this is the reason man existed in the first place, and this is the card that can actually handle marvel's cgi in the time needed to render it. This is the definition of perfection. Why, why EVGA did you not make this?
AMD and evga would better than any of My Tinder matches... 🤣
EVGA was always quality Occosonaly flash BUT always a quality I am so SAD they got out of the video cards
EVGA Last Gen Graphics.... 😢
So sad rly, evga was always a go to for me
Old news
My EVGA GTX 760 can run Elden Ring at 40fps at medium/high settings, talk about build quality
8900  XTX Kingpin FTW 9000 next year for christmas plz <3
Another EVGA fanboy here, checking in!
Linus is gonna be real jealous
Rip EVGA CG ! <3
EVGA COME BACK PLEASE….
j   can i have used video card hehheh  joke
I have a 3080 Ti and i didn’t see any performance gain from updating drivers ever really
Try EVC and voltmod 🔥🔥🔥
Can I please have that card for my collection? Thanks
I am making my own evga shrine I bought a few cheap gtx 900 series cards and 2 of which were evga rest in peace evga
EVGA should make DESKTOP REPLACEMENT LAPTOP for programmers.  it should run cool.
I officially hate you now. All of my video cards from like 2005 on have been EVGA. When I heard they were stopping making nvidia cards, I was really unhappy.
Wish I could buy one. Sucks they stopped. Loved there cards
This seems like a video just to boast about it.
Big chance that EVGA will go with Intel. Intel will probably pay them big time to enter the 3rd-party videocard market.
Its the "start of the end of the road"
The Fans were like : chase me.... biaaatch...
i think 4090 's are burning because the plug is too small with too thin connections for 600w.  four 8 pins connectors have way more coppercompared to the new nvidia plug. a thinner connection is impossible to be better then a thick one, period.
It would be funny to see Radeon cards from EVGA lol
I'm sorry, you're crediting yourself with the bracket fix for sag? Lol
This would have been one of the reigning cards per EVGA's usual fashion if they'd have stuck to Nvidia. Obviously, kudos to them for showing Nvidia the middle finger and dropping the deal. Even if the products were some of the best on the market for the consumer, being treated in such a vile fashion by the industry's dogs is not worth it. It probably sucked out the fun of the GPU game for them and that is gutting.  I would love to see an AMD x EVGA partnership, however we do have to acknowledge that even if EVGA wanted to, it may push AMD to be skeptical about doing business based on how EVGA broke terms with Nvidia in such a harsh way. It was for the greater good, but in the world of business politics, it paints EVGA in a very "grey" light. Morally a great move, but not for potential future business.
drinking game :  whem jay says 4090 to the "not 4090" drink a shot
This is so sad... EVGA fan for quite some time and this is something I would have loved to own....
gamers nexus is the first ;)
EVGA wanted to get their foot in the door with Nvidia to learn their ins and out of their GPU engineering. GENIUS
Total missed opportunity to show you mounting it on the wall at the end.
Cool card. Sad they don't do gfxs anymote. Fingers crossed for Intel cards in the future🙌🙌👍
evga never failed me, for quality for the dollar
i wonder what were the sales jump percentage of evga when they went $999 on 3090ti? obviously nvidia gives zero fucks
what driver uplifted the 30 series 20%?
waterblock it....
I kinda regret now that I never bought an EVGA card due to the "fan herpes" aesthetic. I do like the 30 series ftw design but they were never in stock when I was trying to buy.
A OC 4090 at 60C under load...
Selling my evga 3070 who what’s it I’ll sell it for 1200 bucks
This guy never gets to the point in any of his videos its so annoying, so much ranting!!
so is EVGA going to build INTEL or AMD GPUs moving forward?
EVGA and AMD is gross combination.
hear me out.... this guy jayz who is like my man of all tech. this dude owns a 4090  EVGA T_T and im like okey its painfull i understand you worked hard like for real. and than theirs me playing Maneater on 9th gen PC with a 970 GTX MSI T_T with just a dutch gouverment payment.
It’s so fucking beautiful they need to at least sell heat sinks and fans so I can swap from a different 4090 this thing looks amazing
I'm wondering if evga didn't foresee the adapter issue and got the hell out of dodge while the getting was good.
the none 4090 (crying) evga........the best.............thanks Jay (thumbs up)
Is it Xbox or Playstation under the sticker??
EVGA just teabagged Nvidia and other partners with this.
Is there anything else besides graphics cards?
not sure why the gpu support bracket jay refers to as the "stilt" gets such a hard time, I think they look really nice. Totally subjective obviously but I really don't like this leash design. So cool that you were sent this card though, really cool 🙂
Jay I have a 1080Ti KPE in a box upstairs if you want to add it to the collection.
You too! Along GN (there are at most 10-20 of this sample)... They've chosen the right people to talk about all this ;-) This is a true collector's piece! To quote a Wise old man, _"keep it secret, keep it safe"_
This elicited an audible gasp from me. Dude, Jay, talk about a crown jewel for your collection.
i'm preaty sure if EVGA teams up with AMD, Nvidia is fked, they brought sooo much value to Nvidia...it would be shame to let that experience go to waste
I would love to have a EVGA RX 7900XT FTW3 lol That would be freaking awesome!!
EVGA WILL CONTINUE NVIDIA CARDS I GUARANTEE IT!!!
Imbezzling into your business before it goes out of business is illegal....Kmart tried the same shit and then the owner everyone knows who that is... has like 10 years in prison....
The pulling out of the graphics card market so it falls...?
EVGA4liFE
Very cool, this and the FE would have been tempting, more likely this one since EVGA. EVGA has to be a fun company to work for, too bad Nvidia was not a good partner for them.
Regarding the ICX technology - that could turn into a revenue stream for them! They could license the patent/tech and make some money on the side for this.  Would be silly for the company to leave money on the table to not to do this!
When the 30xx series went out, I was still on a 970 and i thought I would wait for the next gen to buy a new graphics card and go for Evga. Then I had to move accross continents so i had to sell my desktop for a laptop with a 3060. Then Evga dropped Nvidia. Now this. I am sad.
That NVIDIA adapter... The moment at which I stopped to be impressed.
I understand now why EVGA is on of the most respected manufacturer. Thanks Jayz!
I love my 2 year old 3080 EVGA FTW3 Ultra. I will treasure it forever. Giving hugs to EVGA!
I hope more partners skip Nvidia. They are too good for the envy demon. We need a resurrection of Voodoo and other GPU makers.
EVGA has been my goto graphics card since the 8600. Great Video!
Which video does Jayz mention, when he says he, steve and john made a video together about evga dropping nvidia? Can‘t seem to find it.
Super nice of them to do. Can already hear the emails of people making offers for the card haha
Nice   1. Question whats this 4 a monitor ?
I want to see you unlock the full power!
I'm surprised you don't have the KINGPIN 780ti, which is my favourite looking evga card.
I’ve had a great experience with EVGA. I had an issue with my EVGA card, I contacted customer service & they were very competent & professional. I was setup to receive a replacement within minutes of calling. Sad they no longer make graphics cards. I would’ve been a longtime customer
How's it feel owning the single most collectible GPU on the planet?
와~ 갖고싶다.....
Should call the card the EVGA 40Noty
Imagine EVGA goes OmegaBrain and teams up with Intel for their next GPUs,thus making both AMD and Nvidia sweat in their boots.
Beautifull it is. EVGA!!!!!!!
Wow
i really wish they would partner with AMD, they're just so fucking good at making GPUs it feels like a sin for them to stop just because nvidia decided to be dicks
you need a HOF wall
I have owned most of the brands of cards on the market in my 29 years of system building and after owning an EVGA 30 series card I was convinced that EVGA had reached a level of quality unmatched by the other brands. I was all set to buy their 40 series card and after watching your program Jay I know I would have made the right choice. This is the saddest video you have ever made.
No wonder gpu prices got soo high. There is so much metal on that card , you could build a garage out of it.
EVGA still one of the only brands I whole heartedly had faith in. I wish the "other" company would just do good business and meet EVGA in the middle instead of being dicks to the one partner they had that everyone respected.
and this is an early production unit would of been crazy to see the retail version in so many OC's hands
please get EVGA to make amd card
EVGA would be well accepted making intel AND amd card. Like Oh my god I cannot miss this !
If you want things to change, it always starts with what you can do yourself. Stop buying nvidia
Perhaps NVidia saw the light, and read the emails from EVGA's customers.  Expecting the makers to figure out how to optimize their parts was a bit much.  If you help them, you help yourself.
EVGA, PLEASE WORK WITH AMD PLEASEEEEEE
Very interesting card for sure. What a surprise that would be if EVGA started making Radeon based cards.
Damn, already seeing the B roll of the card makes me want one. So sad they backed out when they were possibly one of the best looking cards on the market. Sadge
Hey EVGA!! Please pretty please with a cherry on top work with AMD.  Pleeeeaasse!
So basically we have  Intel  AMD nivida But now we have  EVGA  In the competition, from my perspective...  Intel CPU GPUs = Expensive, incompatible issues Example, for a specific CPU type you need specific motherboards for the sockets. And GPU they made is weak and overly expensive... My comment: BS, hate it, Never going for intel ever again!   AMD/Ryzen CPU GPUs = decently priced, easier to understand lineups like R3 R5 etc. Beefy. And gives you what you want, GPU Wise i haven't owned one so I can't say anything about it, but from what i know they need to work on software side more but specs on designs they got it right for me. My comment: Definitely going to rely on them for cpu, gpu wise until some things are implemented like Shadow play i cant really consider it yet.  Nivida GPU = price super unstable, design is okay? Software wise they got it right can't say no to that.   My comment: what i hate about them is how they don't listen to us and that lately greed took over them. I have RTX3070 from nivida and tbh next upgrade will not be from Nivida thats for sure. Shadow play wasa. Big hit especially for me, but they had to ruin the only positive aspect that was the main reason i went for them, the Shadow play feature became very unstable sometimes it doesn't record screen just audio lots of black screens. Only their new line up the 4000 series have higher recording options which is like. Your limited to 4K 60FPS! Buy our new 4000 if you want access to our new 8K 60FPS!!!!  Like as if it isnt the SSD doing most of the work.    EVGA = reputable brand, cool designs, unique and very high quality materials. They listen to our comments and take consumers seriously.   My comment:  If they start a GPU line up id love to own one of their GPUs because for sure they wouldn't do us dirty like how nivida did it to us. But i hope they keep it up and never abandon the older models which people may potentially still use. Like discontinuing support for a product that is still usable for today's standard, and offer exchange option should they need to drop support, like Exchange your old Evga GPU with our new EV4090Super and get up to 10% discount!  That would be one way to go through it, but for every new line up we need 3 tiers GPU, one is budget friendly always under 200$ no matter what, mid range specs for gamers never above 1000$ And one is like Top G. Unlimited cost wise. Available only via pre order.
Is it possible, that Nvidia prevented them, for whatever reason, to  release the card with these differences, and that was part of EVGA deciding to not wo work with them anymore? Because I feel like there's not too much diversity in other 4090s when it comes to the general build of the cards. Like is there even an attempt at a more compact card other than watercooled ones? With the amount that they apparently interfer in other areas like box design, it seems like a very Nvidia thing to me, to dictate things like size for air coolers or plug location. Maybe EVGA was just like, F it, if we are not allowed to improve, what's even the point?
EVGA leaving the GPU market for Nvidia is like Toyota leaving the car market. EVGA and Toyota made products to last.  As JZ points out, what if EVGA starts making cards with AMD cards. What now? For us lowly end user people, have to suck up to sub standard manufactures who set their cards to bust not long after warranty? Hoping EVGA will come back?
🥰😍 Enjoy that beast for us JAY! ...best looking card by far
It hurts to see you abuse that card the way you did
Whats the mouse hes using?
Can someone explain why EVGA decided to stop making graphics cards?
We who are gamers salute you EVGA o>  Long may EVGA live!
Intel might be looking for 3rd party partners.
I'm not sure what KP is doing these days, but hopefully he has enough free time to make a proper OC bios for these engineering samples. Wait can you even bios mod GPUs?
At this point, if EVGA made their own GPU architecture i would buy it.
My EVGA 660Ti became something special to me when they decided to get out of the game
The problem of evga making AMD cards would be that I'd have to choose between them and Sapphire. That's tough.
Cmon EVGA...Join AMD...be the BEST AMD Card manufacturer now.
I want EVGA and AMD to team up so badly haha
Now EVGA needs to partner with AMD and regain their ground and destroy NVIDIA
Jay's 1 of 1 EVGA "NOT" 4090 will soon be worth more than his beautiful RS6 Avant.😁
I've used EVGA GPUs exclusively ever since my first gaming PC 15 years ago. A decade and a half, multiple builds, and an end of an era. I'm honestly sad.
This is so cool and yet so sad.  I wish they went AMD to stick it to NV.
The power connector issues seems like it's overblown
Can I haz one of your old video cards? LOL
This guy just said "Floridian slip"
New World fans: "New World is burning down our GPUs" Nvidia: "Hold my beer."
i have no idea why, but considering that they did make this card and the fact that they say theyre not partnering with anyone else to make graphics cards, i have a feeling we will be seeing evga gpus in a few years or so
I want to see how GPU ID identifies the card.
I wonder if that fan header and RGB header(?) on the back of the card next to the power plug would've been to connect fans on a potential hybrid model (with the attached AIO cooler rather than just air).  Man, I wish they were still in the game although I understand their reasons for not.
my first evga card is the 3080, and is a great brand i was so sad when they announce the breakup, i hope they will do again gpus under the next gen, i think they will come very early nvidia rtx 5000, trying to fix the rtx 4000 series. anyway we will have a clear map when nvidia lauches the whole rtx 4000 series.
Your camera guy laughing in the background always cracks me up lol
What a wonderful gesture by EVGA.
Unless NVIDIA  gives the AIBs more overhead to work with they (the AIBs) will be following EVGA's lead.
time to build a display case with anti theft
Dam I guess Nvidia lost my business I only bought evga  , I guess amd here I come
Halfway through the video, and I can already say that Nvidia really messed up
I am very happy for you and Steve. This is beyond cool collectors stuff. And 11/10 for the "Next Gen Graphics" meme.
"Dad-deee."  "NOT THE MAMA!!" "4090eee." "NOT THE 4090!!"
evga are the goat
Evga needs to get with Nvidia again…
7:38  You _think_ the fans are cured, but some day, you'll be admiring your one-of-a-kind card, and .. AW MAN!  😫
Jay 👈😂 authority of gpu 👈😂
As soon as you see the fin stacks you know that they know what they are doing with their cooler... It's just details like that makes them great
It's hard to care at this point really. Nothing would be different if they made 4090s, except they'd be getting scalped at a higher premium because for some reason people still think EVGA cards are....better? I've had more EVGA products fail on me than any other brand. And before you all rush to defend their customer service, stop. They replaced stuff just like any other company does. Same RMA time frames (unless you pay the EVGA super premium RMA), same email communication.
EVGA should make AMD cards!!! and stick up "the finger" 😉 to nvidia.   Heres a suggestion for the EVGA Shrine. put the 4090 in the middle of the display and put rgb lighting behind it making it glow, that way it shows value in the very last EVGA Nvidia...
From now on,  We are gonna have to stop calling them cards, they have 3 fans and a giant radiator. Some will add a pump and another fan to liquid cool it. I cant believe this non retail is the only one that` locks onto the bracket. are ya suppose to wedge a peice of wood in there to keep em in their slot (in case ya want to move it to another room or move it across the desk to dust underneath it)?   Its been a while but I remember when they first put a small fan on a card and I thought "Wow, It has its own fan"
can't stop watching this channel
Every minute of this video is pain, you will be missed EVGA...
Its soo wide! damn they lost their efficient ways it seems. 5 years ago we had a very small gtx 1070 card and gtx 1080ti's werent that big for their teir but this is just overdone... 3 slots xD
My fav producer. Amazing specs and quality never disappointed. What a shame what happend to this company 😞
Hope EVGA teams up with Intel… give Nvidia serious competition
Every video card I’ve ever owned except for my 2080 ti (Gigabyte) has been an EVGA Product . I owed a GTX 680 FTW.. my first😅. From there on EVGA. I had my cash just waiting for EVGA’s 4090. 😢
Had EVGA not gotten out of the GPU game I would have forked over the $1500 for their version of the 4090, all my cards in the past were EVGA , when my RTX 2060 gave up the ghost they had a replacement sent to me in two days and shipped a return box for the broken one.  I will continue to show them love with their other products just going to miss their GPUS the most.
Call me a nerd, but seeing that exist makes me emotional.
Would be pretty cool for AMD and EVGA to make GPU's together, imagine what it would look like.
Only 4090 I would have bought owell, guess what else they build or AMD this year. Saved me money at least :P
I wonder why they dont make a RGB wrap for water cooling hoses?
That shit makes me big sad.
I'm still rocking an EVGA factory water cooled 1070... I wish they would continue
If EVGA would team up with AMD and Produce Radeon 7k cards - i would make a deal with the Devil....i would sell someones other soul, but i would make that deal XD
So sad.
that looks so sexy!
I'll take a dozen
Rip this looks like one of the best cards that coulda existed. In Canada we could always get evga stuff at good prices too i remember the FTW3 being cheaper than the asus tuf.
All my GPu's are EVGA right down to my GTX 295's
I miss you EVGA
Gosh dang. I have been using EVGA cards for a long while now and I am gonna miss it (since the GTX 280). Super nice that you got that sample you can even tell in that engineering sample that there design with the bigger fans but almost about the same frame as the older generation is just superior. It also looks pretty dang sleek. Really hope they at least go AMD it would be beautiful.
Id love to see EVGA do AMD cards, my last two cards where EVGA and they never failed me
I loved this video. I also hated it because it turned out to be such a beautiful card that never made it to market... I really hope EVGA pairs up with AMD down the road because they were just so good at making GPUs. I've helped people buy all sorts of GPUs over the years but I always came back to EVGA for my own rigs.
Im sick of Nvidia... Sick of hearing about them, sick of how they treat me as a customer, sick of their morals(or lack thereof). AMD Please save us!
That looks bad-ass
When I do business I’m naked I wear nothing
Naw he GLAZZIN fr fr 😂
cool move by EVGA this is a sick review! props to EVGA for sending this out to you!
Ending its NVIDIA Legacy with thing like this is awesome... I love it. EVGA stay strong. Do something else this cool
Now do Steve like disassembly of it!
truly wouldve been the only 4090 i would buy, looks amazing.
Why don't they just join on the AMD wagon?
Evga get back into graphics you made the best I'd actually buy Intel or AMD graphics if it meant I could buy evga
To think we lost such a good card, because of Nvidia and their tactics.
Clickbait title. The box said “not” 4090 :/
"and the artifacts are gone!" *screen starts flashing*
This card would've made a fuck ton more sense.
its basically a sapphire 6900 xt design
My rtx 3080 will be my last Nvidia card. Nvidia is so anti-consumer. 2000$ in some countries for the fire hazard called rtx 4090. AMD Next generation all the way. RIP EVGA💙.
I think I bought my first evga card with the 480 series and I keep buying evga up to 2080. I loved all the cards but I got to say its not all sunshine and rainbows. I don't like it for example that with my 1080Ti FTW edition I could not use Afterburner if I wanted all 3 fans to work correctly, was forced to use their sub optimal precision X1 software So thats one gripe I had with EVGA cards :P
Only just very recently bought a 3080ti FTW - my final tribute to EVGA ;-(
It´s been a while since i´ve been so depresesdso quickly......damn that NOT 4090 is pure engineering  gold. Instant HOF...that will never be HOF bcuz...." It does not exist".
My anger at Nvidia increases that they screwed around enough to make EVGA pull out. I hope EVGA teams up with AMD to make those cards the best they can be
and I don't care
Hey jey I have weird issue with my rtx3050 I try to over clock it and it gets stuck at max clock all the time what do I do to prevent that
I can't even imagine the price of that card in the future.
i will cherish my EVGA 3090 ftw3 ultra ..best cards ever made
Herpes... :D looks more like chickenpox
lol the 'herpes e' gives me more matrix vibes
wish that EVGA had gon to intel and amd just to say F8ck you nvidia  (AMD Radeon RX 6900 XT & AMD Radeon RX 6900 XTX & Intel® Arc)
Nvidia is dropping the ball. Pc gamers will eventually transition to AMD for prices and their performance. Yes, nvidia has better Rtx but literally a handful of games have it. Not to mention the actual difference is sometimes barely noticeable or not enough for it to be worth it.
eVGA had no competition. best cards made. I will be buying AMD now unless they totally screw up. Nvidia needs to work with their partners in a better fashion. We need eVGA to come back.  Cya Nvidia.
My personal hope is EVGA join with AMD...it is only my personal hope,imagine of... EVGA RX 7900 XTX K|ngp|n...or EVGA RX 7950 XTX SC
It be very cheeky if they made after market coolers, just the coolers.
BTW, pins new 12 pin connector is just on limit. Couple more amps and resitance of this socket can cause so much heat. If one pin fault, the entire socket will get fried.
*Hat Off* to EVGA much more better than other brands of 4090 sadly...
Pls link ur music in description every time u use any music some ppl want to listen to it for their own b rolls which im totally not gonan do
evga needs to come back with its own kind of gpu
That's so sad :/ You're right about power connector place, dual bios with led, AC cooling effectiveness ... I wish it came out to the market :/
HOW DO THESE GUYS GET THEIR B ROLL MUSIC IT SLAPS
So much EVGA simping in the comments... Yeah that made good graphics cards in general, but its still a for profit company that never cured your child's cancer.
Nvidia was probably outraged by the power plug at the end of the card
Hi Jay. Did the Good Old Boys at EVGA ever give you an idea what their card was going to cost?
Damn EVGA, you'll, surely, be missed.
Is it possible that Intel's ARC could pick them up? That would be great to solidify a third player in the GPU game
i Just want to buy an EVGA RX 7900 XTX FTW 💥💥💥
So we have gone from reviewing cards we can't buy as a result of shortages etc to cards we literally can't buy cus they don't exist! Man I want one of these. Much love Jay at least this unicorn is in good hands.
lol, this card's value already is more than 2k, after 10 years or so you can easily sell it for 10k, nice job Jay :D
Oh yeah that's a cracking 7950XTX, and out for testing ahead of time!
I love EVGA. I've only ever bought two of their cards: a GTX 1070 SC Black Edition, and my current RTX 3080 Ti FTW3. Both have been the best cards I've ever owned, and though my STRIX 2080 in between the two was also awesome, for OC the EVGA ones were TOP. I'm also currently running a Supernova 850 P2 that I found one of on the shelf in my search for a PSU (during the shortage) and it's been the best PSU I've ever owned despte having an RM650X prior  After seeing this card, I'm now even more sad to see them go.... But great video Jay!
EVGA is crap nothing but faulty a lot of their cards stick to ASUS or MSI
If they go with AMD I'm in.
i want EVGA 4090 😥😥
EVGA....please come back.
Wish I had any of these. xD
Evga my favorite
Wow!
For a $2,000 card that's some whack RGB.
Evga was hands down the best cards at affordable prices compared to other manufacturers. They will be missed in the gpu space.
I hope they'll make a fine addition to AMD s connection
I totally get not wanting to risk damaging the card, I wouldn't either, but man it would be awesome to have a score on the leaderboard with a validated EVGA 4090. Bummer to see them out of the game, but that's awesome that they still actually got the software set up to make the card work, and sent one to you.
The fact that the card was so far along in development really speaks volumes of what ass hats nvidia must be for EVGA to cut ties and lose all that money in developing the card to that stage. Really sad. Looked like it would have been a home run for EVGA.
i hope evga will make amd cards
EVGA needs to  team up  with either Intel OR Amd as we need this sexiness to return !
All that could have been.
Swear EVGA makes the most aesthetic cards ever. Such a shame they ended their partnership. 😢
મેં youtube પર હું નીચે આપકો બહોત સારી મદદ હો સકતી હૈ વિડીયો ડાઉનલોડ
મેં એક youtube પર હું
That 4090 is sexy 😢
I know this may sound stupid instead of trying to get evga to make AMD why not try getting them to make their own standalone cards and give the finger to both intel and amd?
It really is a shame that manufacturers have soured their business relationships to the point that big names like EVGA feel the need to pull out of those partnerships. Their products have almost always been the best, their customer service is unmatched, and this time it looks like they didn't make the mistake of red clown lips again. It easily would have been a chart-topping card. I've always wanted to own a Kingpin EVGA card, and now I won't be able to, but I'm hopeful that EVGA can continue to live and maybe one day make a return.
an AMD evga card is DEFINITELY something i'd buy.
4090 is the wattage
Im glad i got the 3090ti evga ftw 🙌🏼 beast of a card!
water cool it, just to get it on the leaderboard
would be awesome if evga could adopt the Intel ARC gpu's and intel improve support on drivers...that would give nvidia a run for their money
I did think it kinda funny that NVIDIA put out drivers that improved 30 series performance right after making their 40 series look so good in reviews.
Love that sign off, great last sentence.
Thanks for making me want something I can't have.
Is that a Radeon fan cover ?
i love how its a not 4090 but the software says 4090
Actually very happy for you receiving that not-4090 EVGA next gen card. Definitely a creme de la creme collection piece for any fan boy. lol
I want oooonne 😭 please come back
after that my next pc well has the most parts from EVGA
You lucky SOB!!! 😂
I've been EVGA for as long as I can remember, I still can't believe they're pulling out of the game. But I do respect them for doing it. I hope that they can maybe help AMD rise to the top, that would be really cool. VERY awesome to see this card, what a treat to be one of the only people in the world who can claim they own an EVGA 4090!
Very interesting
wtf ur sponsor wasnt ifixit?
That was a card that I would Buy.
Or intel
I was really excited to see this...but then it just broke my heart. For 20 years I've been running EVGA gpus in every single one of my builds...and it hit me that it's over and I won't be able to get that card.
if EVGA would make an AMD gpu I would defiantly buy it. I fear my current EVGA gpu will be the last card I every buy if EVGA will not make any other gpu
AMD EVGA Water cooled GPU and I WILL BUY IT 🤌
Please EVGA team up with AMD.
I would love to see one last all "EVGA" build with this card!
i want one !
Always bought EVGA, and always will. The 3 series will be my last for a long long while.
I want next gen EVGA GPU so much...  😢
From my gpu history I started with a zotac 650ti and the newest card I ever had was an msi 1650. Best card I own currently EVGA 1070 sc
If EVGA made AMD cards I will switch teams so fast. AMD alone is already super tempting but if EVGA made the jump I’m on no questions asked
That views 814K lol, I watch this vid twice and I think GN got card with more straight heatsink fins but it doesn’t matter I like both vids since one is tear down and this is more testing focused 👌🔥👍
Im sry, but I feel EVGA cards are bit bland and genaric.
I'll start the bidding at 1.2K
I'm gonna miss EVGA GPUs, but I feel like this is a decent send off. Giving a final "Screw you" to Nvidia.   EVGA's basically like "we're not playing your game anymore... but we still beat your design." *Drops mic*
EVGA always made the best looking cards
I don't believe that EVGA won't make video cards anymore.  I predict that there'll be an EVGA version of the RX 8800 XTX.
What was that about 30 series cards getting a 20% performance upgrade from a driver??
Wow!
EVGA knows how to make cards that don't break your case budget or wallet. It would of made a killing on the market because it not the size of a PS5 trying to be put into a computer case.
Make a "case" to support cards like this!
The fins, sorta like any air conditioner! heh
EVGA Arcs in one or two years are going to be lit
Um, you don't have to be an engineer to figure out why they are burning up.  It's simple, they are moving more power over fewer connections with smaller contacts featuring less surface area.  Impedance is a thing, and so is the heat created by it.  The same reason that the chonky 2.0 PCIe power connecters can only run 150 watts each 8 pins, any more and THEY catch fire because they would need more surface area to handle it.  So yeah, BRIGHT IDEA!  Let's run the power limit of 4 independent 8 pin high surface area connecters into 12 pins with a quarter of the surface area each, so it's like trying to run 600 watts through a single connector which can't handle more than 150 watts without catching fire...  And than wonder why they are catching fire.  I'm kinda surprised and shocked that they didn't respond to the complaints by calling it an added feature: A single use lighter.
I would jump on an AMD x EVGA Card, or a couple of them
So Jealous!!!!!!
EVGA NEED to make GPU's they are pushing hard on quality of life features.
Can you detach the fans and cool externally to get more power headroom?
i'd like to talk to you and/or evga
What if all of a sudden EVGA decides to enter the fray as 4th entity to manufacture GPUs with the intent to compete with Intel, AMD and Nvidia. Hahaha!
I would rather have a stilt than hang my graphics card, the fact that this is a thing means its gotten out of hand and needs to be rethought.
Those EVGA FTW3 cards really are nice.  Us average Joes can now at least dream of what could have been...
EVGA sems like good brand, but i never got anything from them. Well, that is because i don't buy nvidia stuff and their motherboards are very expensive. But if they would start making amd or intel gpus i may think about buying from them.
Under load, overclocked, and it is cooler than my 6900xt is almost idle.
I feel like EVGA sent these cards out to reviewers to throw a middle finger to Nvidia
asus rog... always the best!!!
very sad, they killed it and then Nvidia killed them... maybe one day they will return
Sounds like jay knows something…
Jay, I tip my hat to you & EVGA. One you could talk to them and tell them of nice little features to make the card better looking and functional out here in the field and they took note, and for EVGA to only want to put out quality products not just sell anything to make money. I believe they saw and issue with the 4090 and Nvidia didn't care and EVGA said hell no my name is on this product, and we are not putting out bullshit!
Ya know, I remember you going on and on about how you hated making videos about cards people couldn't buy during the supply shortage, this video is one of the most hypocritical things I've ever seen.
Best looking 4090… now team up with AMD
hello greetings jayz two cents I would like videos that upload weekly they should have subtitles even in Spanish so a Latino who does not understand the English language can reach you more you are professionals in programming and arrangements I think many Latinos would like to be able to understand better your language. by the way this is not to criticize your channel your channel is one of the best.
4090 in the box is as much a $1600 paper weight as a burnt 4090 so why leave it in the box?  What a waste.
So I can correctly say that there will never be an evga graphics card more powerful than this.
Yo Intel, Give EVGA a call.
Watching this as I clean up my EVGA 1660Ti.... and crying inside 😥😥
Just imagine evga with amd cards. Man that would be wild!
What monitor is Jay using?
I have been woth evga for my gpu since the early 2000s. Idk what I'll go to for my next upgrade now. Might even switch from team green.
Guess I'll be getting my hands on a EVGA 3070, 3080 or 3090 for my next card if there are any left.
I love computer and ur videos too. 1 thing I dont like is people are having issues eating out there and yet your buying cards after cards after cards. Which are just hanging on the wall. Instead that could feed probably 20 families
I haven't liked the look of an EVGA card since the 1k series!
i want to see evga partner with radeon
eVGA + AMD... Got a boner right now 🦴
*THE* *NOT* =/= EVGA 4090 FTW3  ;)
Call it a 40-Notty
even I'd be onboard with EVGA working something out with AMD Radeon...
Congrats on 16th trending. This kinda feels like your last day on vacation, and you have to leave a beautiful place in a few hours, but a bit more intense. I think they made the right choice though with all the problems cropping up.
fuck my life, EVGA if you are listening out there, CAN I PLEASE HAVE ONE TOO?  I hate how reviewers just get them for free
I've been exclusively buyng EVGA/Nvidia cards for the past 10 years, would absolutely switch over to team red if EVGA was to make a 8900XTX, etc.
I thought that EVGA card was huge until you brought out that Geforce card.
I'm pretty sure a big reason for why the cables are catching fire and melting is probably because of how much power they require.
Makes me even more sad that EVGA dropped NVidia but I understand their stance and have even more respect for them.
How cool for EVGA to do that. It just shows how awesome the company is. I have owned an EVGA 570, 670, 1080 and two 1080Ti's (my current, an now aging dream PC build) and they have all been great. It will truly miss not having an EVGA graphics card in my next system. Like having a Sunday without the cherry. Super happy you got one Jay. Show it off in the shrine, proudly for all of us.
PLEEEEAAAASE EVGA, We need AMD cards from you!
Would evga be allowed to just make aftermarket gpu coolers?
Looks like I got the EVGA 3090 at the right time, really happy with it. Best of all its gonna keep my room warm during winter.
I want it, biggest reason Im skipping this gen is due to the evga pull out
Steve on GamersNexus did a full teardown.  Nvidia are a bunch of clowns.
I have been planning a computer build for 2 years and I kept looking at EVGA when that got cancelled I was very sad... this just makes it sadder. Thank goodness AMD has some good cards coming since a green company pissed off EVGA.
I have a feeling Linus will ask to barrow this card.
Why does the heat sink look so beat up? 2:56
I have a feeling EVGA made a batch of 4090s. It's so difficult to manufacture just one item vs a batch of x amount
10:05 I thought you're on a arcade for a second there
mine 3070 TI runs stable at +2000 mem clock too. its insane
I really want to see EVGA make intel cards!!
Made from 100% pure Unobtainium.
Thank you for sharing.  What monitor were you using, Jay?  Is that your main monitor at the studio?
Where do we put in our Request for EVGA to build their own GPU's ????
You mean the EVGA 40NOTie?
The card that should have been 😓
Thats so cool that you have that in your collection, love it
My first EVGA Card was a 660ti which I ended up giving to a friend when I got my 970 FTW. I still have my 1080ti FTW in an older rig and currently use my 3070ti FTW, but I never even thought about the fact that my last 4 GPUs were EVGA believe it or not.  I am not even an EVGA member, I think they have something like that, but I can say if this card existed, it would have been the 4090 I chose. I just like their GPUs it seems, RIP.
Man I'm really going to miss evga....such good cards in general, and it looks like this new gen would have been a grand slam.
You need a 780Ti KPE Jay!
I only purchased the EVGA 3080ti due to the reviews being better than ASUS 3080ti. Also, thought beat to match it with the Kingpin Mobo. Another big factor was at the time it was most available and the price was $899.  Had no idea how important this purchase was going to be until they announced their departure from Nvidia. Nevertheless, I’m a proud owner of the last mass produced GPU from EVGA
Jayz,  If NVidia had the power to undercut EVGA on prices, the card you have would have cost more compared to the same one by NVidia.  I'm sure that EVGA knew about the burning connector and they wanted to offer the best product to their customers and you probably have the only working GPU that was the best in that category.  But like I said, NVidia did not care.  So I understand EVGA decision now.    They improved the quality of the product but NVidia did not care.
EVGA used to be the only GPU I would buy because they were the only people I trusted.  Their customer service was top notch.  And now, I don't know who to trust.
Am I glad I watched the teardown on Steve’s channel before watching this. Else I might have gotten over excited!
Jay run the card. EVGA’s warranty is second to none
I can show you how to mod your NVidia drivers to work with this card Jay if needed, send me a DM if needed.
What an amazing piece of tech.  This sucks.
Another BFG(2000's GPU brand) story.
EVGA going red, THAT MEANS AMD WILL BE SUPER FAST!!!! WHAAAAAAG!!!!  I really hope they do go red or maybe try making their own cards if they can but I think they need to work out there mice models' quality first. I was gonna grab two because of the insane sale they had on them but I saw way way to many bad reviews talking about the scroll wheels failing in 1-3 months across all models.
If you can convince EVGA to make AMD cards i think i am 107984 client who buy It !  7900xtx will be great leap forward!
Jay is referring  to a performance boost up to 20% with the 30-series card by driver overhead. Is this something that is coming?
I will never not say this. EVGA made the ugliest looking GPUs
Evga goes to Radeon fis is a RX 7900xtx 😂
3:30 Never hold something at this angle, for size comparison. This is actually a well known optical illusion that always makes the bottom one look bigger(even though in this situation, it is actually bigger).
Such a tease, Jay. This card is amazing.
2:15 You lucky dog. No one deserves it more.
That's a nice looking card. 1 can always hope they start making AMD GPUs 🤞
I was going to say I hope that is not the same one Steve took apart, but that one seems a darker sample.. I really would have loved to have that version and the power placement was perfect, they were even at the end on top of their game.. hope they reconsider make cards of some type, just not Nvidia if they have to understandably not go back there. You and Steve having one of these, just shows the respect and kinship you both had with EVGA.
evga ill pay 2x the price i dont care what brand please just make more gpus
I have always favored EVGA. I also use their power supplies. They sent you a FTW no less!
Am I out of line to think EVGA is flexing its' muscle on the way out the door?
God I'll miss evgas gpu stuff. Great cards and great customer service. Only ever had one RMA in nearly 2 decades and they were fine with the gpu being watercooled going back, so long as I reverted it to stock
So cool! Seeing that it has 2 bios, please try modding it, either physical or unlocked bios. If it is yours, why not try?
Dude, I'm nerding out just to know it exists, not to speak of actually getting to see it like this, but man, I can't even imagine how hard you, @JayzTwoCents must be nerding out over it all! Thanks for sharing with us!
I had a 760, a 960 and currently run a 1070 Ti from EVGA.  Best graphics cards I ever had.
I think EVGA will become a premiere producer of GPU's for intel
EVGA, if you're reading this, I will buy your AMD cards. Just do it, please.  With love, - a EVGA fanboy.
Am I the only mad at evga? Screw nvidia we won't work with you but you should buy their product was the message I got. If they team up with (I'm doubting this very much) amd, that'll be great but the message is just wierd.
It feels like EVGA got the dev stuff, found out the cards want to test buyers fire insurance and were like: "Yeah, we're not going to riks lawsuits and pull out of this project."
The first EVGA AMD Card produced is going to be my next GPU....until then, sticking with my old 1080 lol
"Forty-NOT-E". Really groovy that they let you have one for your collection. Shows respect and trust.
Mixed feelings about this. Overall it is kind of sad. But as professional sports-man would say: "it is what it is".
I'd love one of those, for the same reason. Just as a "EVGA fucking killed it". 760. 980. 1080 ti. All EVGA. Incredibly happy with all 3. Genuinely sad there won't be a EVGA 4070. Here's hoping I get a good AMD card from the 7000 series.
its broken like all 4000 series gpus
Really Nice..
They need to team with Intel GPU to make them more viable option
its so sad that evga has gotten out of the gpu market with this much knowledge in this area... but im hoping they can get to amd or even intel without getting in trouble...
Cool piece of history to own for sure, don't blame you for not wanting to brick it.
Amd why not EVGA card no intel,amd,nvidia EVGA card they have knowledge.
Quick q.....I have a 3080TI FTW3. my case gets a bit hot (around 80c while playing high graphic games. but when i take my glass faceplate off and it can breath, it sits at about 68-72c. Is it ok to have the glass frontplate off.?
They made a real beauty. If the companys graphics card tale is going to end. Well this is a good note to end it on.
tl;dw: We can't have nice things.
As an evga gpu owner, I was sad as hell to see them giving up on the gpu production. Definitely I'll never sell my 3080, it will be a piece of art.
I have a 3090 Kingpin with 9 years of warranty left, how they will handle my warranty now :(
Evga would probably be the only group that could get me to go team red
I would switch to amd gpus in a heartbeat if evga started building cards from them
Glad you can add the beautiful EVGA "not 4090" to your collection, JayZ. It sure looks like it could have been fantastic (sans the 12/16-pin power melt adapter). And YES, we all hope that EVGA will take AMD under their wing and wow the world once again!! :)
Well I'm glad I have 2 Evga cards my 1660 super and a 2060ko. Currently running.  And evga and amd yes please.
I will "NOT" like this video
1:07 bru
I hope one day we will have a new evga gpu but until that day we just gotta be happy with what we got in the past.
Off topic but this is why I love amd:  Known Issues      World Of Warships prediction lines may be missing on Radeon™ RX 6000 series GPUs. [Resolution targeted for 22.11.1]  I dont play this wow, but to this day nvidia never admitted that there was anything wrong with the drivers thoughout the entire turing era in ubisoft games, which would close without giving an error, even when unfocused. I feel like there was an illusion that the drivers were better simply because they never admitted to the problems
This really does suck. I've always bought EVGA cards and PSU's. Guess I'll have to find a new AIB I like, though.
Wait, what driver gave the 30-series a performance boost as Jay noted?
I'm not crying.. You're crying!!! I'm going to miss EVGA when it's time for my next upgrade.... Sad face....
OH thank god they are sooo Big and i love it Jay  ;)
I was gutted to see EVGA no longer making GPU's. I'm currently on a 2080Ti FTW3 Ultra and was looking to upgrade to its 40 series namesake... I'm looking for a Suprim from MSI now instead.
you lucky b**** .... i would love one lol
Here's a wild thought.......  What if, and it's about the biggest if in the history of human beings, EVGA is quietly researching, developing, sourcing, etc., etc., etc. their own GPUs? They obviously have the know how to do so. Apple ("M" and "A" processors), Samsung (Exynos), Google (Tensor), off the top of my head are doing it. Why not EVGA? There were quite a few times that Nvidia squashed things that EVGA wanted to do. Maybe, just maybe, EVGA is going down their own road so they have that freedom. I'm sure that I'm not the only one that would buy a graphics card completely developed and manufactered by EVGA. One can dream, I guess.
It'd be cool if they go AMD.
😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
EVGA was the shitiest GPU brand ever!!!
Like literally, who cares? I have a 3070 ftw EVGA card, ryzen 7 5800x and WD half gig NVME that can write up to 7000, 240 hertz monitor and it can literally play every game at high or epic settings. IMHO we have reached redundancy in graphic cards so again, who cares about 4090, 5090, 6090, 7090 ad nauseam cards. 🤘
i love EVGA, i have g3 850 80+ Gold  also am in love with there Graphic Cards wished that am giving time to Buy One
The Herpes E. Thanks a lot Phil, now I can't un-hear it. I'm still bummed about EVGA leaving the graphics card market. When the 3090 dropped, I wanted to buy strix, ended up with EVGA, and was so impressed with EVGA that my next build was gonna have an EVGA card too 😞.
nexus got also one
Yeah the new drivers make the older cards better but you can then show the older drivers to new drivers to new cards at the same time
congrats on the epic score !
Good job being on the trending list! 👏 is
EVGA has been my go-to since the 700 series. Always looked at others but always fell back to EVGA for myself and recommendations to friends. So sad to see them drop it especially after this video. An AMD partnership would be incredible
wish evga would have sided with amd so they at least continue to exist. really sucks
EVGA 1080Ti continues to provide lol
Production cost of this video: $750 Cost of all the EVGA GPU’s he’s ever reviewed: $175,000 Finding out K1ngp1n referred to them stamping the logo on their fans as ‘herpes’: Priceless
So pleased i held onto my old EVGA 980 . Sad they are no more .
Almost as cool as my 5090
Oh btw I know it’s an honor of having that (non) existing 4090. I’m really moved that you’re an honorable person. For not using that card for your guilty pleasure.
When all AMD 7000 series sells out. EVGA steps in with the slickest AMD edition!!!
Releasedate on the EVGA Card? My 1080FTW needs a replace
The EVGA For-Tea-Nein-Tea, or the FTNT. Just re-brand and shove that boi out.
Ohh, such a clean card! What a shame. You should put it in its own glass box with a plate that says "The card that never was"
I'm sad that I cant have this card. 4090 is too pricey for me, but if I could get a FTW3 I would probably just buy it anyways.
Would you accept U$10.000,00 for the card?
I thought EGA mentioned that the kingpin limited edition "might" still be produced, but...
"Your Graphics Card will make a fine addition to my collection!" - General TwoCents
So you sir are the keeper of the holy grail of 4090s or EVGA (next gen graphics) the one and only! Bet that card could sell for 20k to some nut out there.
Cough cough, they should make the 7900xtx
That this card never was, is sad news. But, hopefully, we can see EVGA going to AMD cards. I would love to see that happen.
Man, I'm so happy that you got this card. Such a nice gesture from EVGA.
Jay pls shed some light on the AMD GPUs such as 6700xt perform worse then a 1070 cause of the shitty bios 😍😍😍
Can I have it?
Why did they send these out? Salt in the wound? Not understanding this...  Steve at Gamer's Nexus has one also...
If EVGA incognito dropped a 7900XTX FTW 3 next month, I'd grab it no question.   Great video team 🤘🏼🍻
I’ve purchased soo many EVGA cards in the past, and have sold all of them when I upgraded. Needless to say when my 3080TI becomes obsolete or dies and I Replace the card with something else that is Hopefully not a Nvidia GPU. It will go onto the wall and not online for resell.
EVGA still showing competition how it's done.. Even without a true product.
You lucky fish, beautiful machine.
Wait, so not only have you received the absolute definition of unicorn tech, but EVGA gave you the grail of it's development?! Well clean my drawls and call me a clown... I'm out. What literally on earth are you going to review now??!!
*Boost Lock :* _No turbo lag, by virtue of perpetually bunnyhumping your rev limit._  Aka, The Slayer of Clutches, The Balor of Parallel Parking.
The stupid 12-pin connector should be replaced with 4x8-pin... Problem solved... Just sell those cards as "Rev. 1.2"
Just makes me sad, this is truly the Batman of the 4090’s.
AMD cards would be the move.
My first EVGA card is my current 3080. Such an awesome card. And sadly probably my only EVGA card
Christ, look at the size of that thing. Nvidia out here try'na phase out ITX builds 😂
Hoooollly shit!!! EVGA really made it and HUGE RESPECT for sending one to JayZ!!! 😎👍
Anybody ever think EVGA and Intel ARC? The newest and smallest GPU manufacturer with the god of AIBs and Kingpin... I would just be curious to see Vince LN2 overclock an ARC GPU...
12:14 nice
13:24 The asterisk goes _before_ the annotation, and one is enough.
Jay now owns a unicorn.
i would buy AMD EVGA GPU
i still got my EVGA GTX 980 Superclocked ACX 2.0 and its a beast still!!  bought it in '14 and i don't regret a thing
Okay you CANNOT tell me that song that played when you revealed the card wasn't a cover of Jingle Bells
watch, they make AMD Cards....that almost beat NVIDIA..
Imagine 7900XTX with this cooler and design.......
I still have all my older EVGA cards my first 1 the GT 610 2GB edition the EVGA 750ti the 1070ti the RTX2070 Super Hybrid was planning to upgrade to RTX4080 but I'm going red this time around
Honestly this whole ordeal has only made me want to buy and support EVGA more than before. I hope I’m not the only one.
Now what about water cooling
Realizing he’s just handling like 5k in just gpus makes me aware how over priced this shits gotten
4090's....left in box...for fear of 🔥. That's the most ironic shit I've heard all year. For a card you can damn near say you paid 2k for...
I hope evga teams up with AMD I would buy one straight away to get away from greedy Nvidia . Nvidia is starting to be like intel did a few years ago until they humbled when AMD started competing.
an incident happened with cable too
best looking "Not RTX 4090" I've seen, such a pity
This car is worth 1.000.000$ :P
Hopefully EVGA will be onboard and reasonable in regards to lisensing out some of their feature tech, now that any lisensee(?) won't be a direct competitor.
F o7
It is really a shame that EVGA isn't going over the AMD to make cards for them .
its SO PRETTY
im even more sad now that we know how it would have perofmed... that power plug position is money, wish more companies did it
I want it! 😫
What do you mean tying the bracket in?  I wish you would have explained that more.
which asus monitor is that jay is using? anyone knows?
Sad that EVGA isn't making GPUs anymore...sigh, my brand :(
Never had EVGA, but those always felt very premium ones.
That thing is going to be like a one off barn find Bugatti that doesn't exist on paper someday.
Almost all of my best GPU cards i have had over the years has bin EVGA. If EVGA make a AMD based card, I´ll give it a good look and a very high possibility i buying it
❤❤❤❤
Not sure if you would want to or Linus "allow" it, but could you use the tool they are creating (when done) to save time when you need to redo gpu testing like you mentioned?
M gonna miss EVGA
Can someone tell me what screen he is got?
How much do you want for it?
These should no longer be called 'cards'
rip
Jay always gets the cool toys...
Honestly the only thing covid killed was EVGA…
Been buying EVGA video cards forever. It's absolutely disgusting what greedvidia has done to the bottom line of EVGA. I'm switching to AMD cards.
I really wanted this card...EVGA will be sorely missed in the video card space. Sad times for many reasons...
That's a sexy bit$%!
which numbers can you ignore when flashing a vbios on a ftw3?
i am happy for you jay..👍
Omg you too ! Oh the pain what if It WAS 🤣  This is like what China is doing to SpaceX ...oh  we can built that design Bett...er now that we have an Idea how to emulate what they did. Now all the crap shit show card makers are glued to these reviews ...we should have done that ....we will do that next design It will be our Idea ..
EVGA may be gone but it will never be forgotten. Always been a class of their own with build quality...RIP or come back on AMDs side...The Gaming world needs you!  EDIT: Judging by all the comments EVGA holds the power to a great marketshare in the GPU-Realm. If ever for some miraculous Reason EVGA decides to start making GPUs again- Nvidia might be in one hell of a Pickle.
We'll all miss EVGA graphics RIP graphics devision
Too bad EVGA isn’t making AMD GPUs - the 7900X is going to be 🔥🔥🔥
What I thought EVGA is done making GPU's...
Never owned a EVGA card. Definitely would consider if they make a AMD one.
My EVGA 1080 TI is crying about the end of its heritage.
I truly believed that all 4090s were the same, but man looking at this prototype.....I think this would have been the one I wanted, its straight fire! I wonder if they would have made an xc3 4090
Jay, get in touch with Linus. MarkBench
maaan that makes me sad.. the card i would have bought and now i cant.. ;(
Always was a big EVGA fan. Really is a bummer to see them go. Hopefully they do change their mind about making AMD and Intel cards.
"Fascinating" and "most unfortunate" would be the words for this. Still can't believe that EVGA would drop the graphics completely. Imagine what they could achieve for 7000 series or the Arc...
Will miss evga in GPUs but at least they stand by what’s right.
Was a happy EVGA customer. Started with the GTX760 (SLI), GTX960, GTX1070 to the RTX3090. Every single card was amazing from EVGA!
Ok, a long shot, can card fan air be redirected or a separate temp sensor and fan ducted/aimed at the 12v connector do enough to render the 4090 "safe/usable" ?
Damn I'd love to own one, too
Darn, just wish they would make cards again even if not exclusive to one or the other.  If anything, the other companies should up their game in all fairness.  Seeing this now, definitely love to see that come out but also I'm just wanting to go alternative dimension or something and see how they'd up and make better cards for AMD as well.  As no doubt, think EVGA would push the bar a bit higher and help on that side also.    Maybe that's what this company should do if not make cards directly.  Offer expertise to other AIB's and even in-house card makers such as AMD, Intel and Nvidia and offer better engineer solutions than what has been done so far, even at dtiver/software level.  Anything but see them pull out completely.
Just making me mad at NVIDIA EVEN MORE...
I was under the impression that the new update only increased performance in DX12 based applications.
God it looks good. Power pins on the side so i don’t have to squeeze em through my side glass.
I bet someone is gonna offer you an INSANE amount of money for that card.
EVGA video cards are my favorites, and I wish they would partner with AMD and make video cards, because I will never ever buy another nvidia video card.
Your neck must be stiff after gaming on that massive screen all day Jay…
Evga has definitely been my favorite gpu brand.  I will keep my ftw3 3090 for a while. If they ever go with AMD, then so will I.
Speaking as a grown man, I want to literally cry that this card never went into production.
if they were that far in they should just have gone ahead and then give them the middle finger for 5000 series lol
WTF 🤑
I was so sad to hear EVGA announce they were done with graphics cards!  Love their designs and that cooling!!!!
F for EVGA now EPSU :(
Boy if they team up with AMD... BOOM! AMD WINS
sad lookin card
what monitor mouse and keyboard is that ?
I am REALLY going to miss EVGA GPUs… I may have to keep my 3080 forever just as a collectible from the good old days.
of course someone finally starts making cards in the old old school method where cords come out of the back like I've wanted for so long and Nvidia makes them burn it all down......
Hey Jay, I've been noticing that the chair in all your recent videos is not the Steelcase Jester. Is this chair better? What is it?
Such a shame, that EVGA card looks sweet.
If EVGA made the switch to team red I would to because they are the only graphics card company that I ever had any luck with… that didn’t give me weird issues and they were always pretty consistent… I’ve always been an amd fan for there CPU’s but never been brave enough to give them my money for graphics cards but I feel EVGA would give me that confidence to make the switch
We need to support EVGA. I will be buying EVGA MBs and PSUs going forward. Do you concur?
Jay: "This graphics card will make a fine addition to my collection"
EVGA left the market as a king their products were always some of the best a shame
Noooooo EVGA please build that 4090 😭
I'm pissed I want this
EVGA is the only company I’ve ever purchased an Nvidia card from. Their card designs and reliability have always been the selling points.  Hopefully they work with AMD in the future, bc as I sit and look at my 3070Ti I can’t help but wonder what I’m going to do when it needs an upgrade.
Damn, talk about a collector's card. If the US government produced a coin and then canceled releasing the coin, but still produced a few coins, it would most likely be worth millions. The same can be said about this card.
2:11 if you wanna see the card itself
This is the holy grail of computing!
This is worth a fortune.
I only have 1 GPU, but I know how good EVGA is based on everyones experience.  And I'm so pissed to see them part with NVIDIA, but I understand why they did.  I so want them to go to AMD.
I've owned many EVGA cards and will miss them. I hope AMD x EVGA happens and destroy NVIDIA.
"NOT" 4090 from EVGA but in software RTX 4090 xD
I miss EVGA so much. Only GPU's I have ever bought. 1050, 1050 Ti, 1060, 1080, Hybrid 2080 XC Ultra 240mm rad, Hybrid 3080 FTW3 240mm rad, and now Hybrid 3090 Ti FTW3 360mm rad. Really wish I could get my hands on that card. At this point I'm hoping that AMD smokes NVIDIA and /or becomes a equal opponent.
To be honest, I would prefer EVGA to partner up with Intel instead of AMD. I always considered Sapphire to be "the EVGA for AMD".
3 of my 4 gpu was EVGA. 1080ti sc2, 3070 ftw3 and 3080ti ftw3. Very sad to see them leave the market
EVGA Intel?? maybe work to bringing a new contender to the table..
I wonder why EVGA doesn't make AMD. anyone know?
Whether NVidia wants to admit it or not, losing EVGA as a partner has hurt them and likely will continue to hurt them. NVidia does not have a partner that comes anywhere close to what EVGA has done here. It's really a shame that the relationship had to end.
you can just tell he actually enjoyed making this video
can afford a 4090 for my new rig but not giving nvidia the £2000  when they have shown that they dont give a shite about us the customers!!! have always been a green but switching to red and the new RX7900XTX when it arrives  its going 2b £700 -£800 cheaper and in games u r NOT going to notice the difference!!! thanks AMD!!!
Jay, I have a 2080TI KingPin Hybrid with the LN2 bios. What would you suggest is the highest X1 settings I should use without risking damaging the card? Thanks
why dont they just start making coolers for GPUs... these things look cool that come from EVGA
My vCard for the last decade have been evga. Rip to a king.
OH Snap! EVGA & AMD would be a dream......
What a loss for the industry. Hopefully Nvidia can eat a bag of dlcks
Around 2012 I bought 2 EVGA 590s They were great. One of them died randomly in 2014 and EVGA sent me a 670. I then emailed them and was like well I had them SLI'd and they let me exchange my working 590 for another 670. I love EVGA and I love their products. I was very sad when I heard they are no longer making GPUs.
Whenever I see what 4090 cards you already had in your hands, I get pretty jealous. If you can give me one, I'll be happy to send you my address. 😆😉
Hope you know i hVe to hate you now @jAyztwocents
kudos to EVGA for telling NVIDIA to take hike.  hopefully the short term pains will get them long term gains!
Such a loss. What a beautiful card, this would have been the one I went for if EVGA was still in the game. Alas, I had to go for an MSI Gaming X... still nice though. :)
that would have been such a cool card man
its great that they let you have one at least. sad to see evga leave the GPU game
Jay you are the luckiest person on the planet.  Wow!  It is like catching Aaron Judge's 60th, 61st, and 62nd homers!
9:30 - what is this about a driver performance update? I have no idea what he is talking about here?
That card is gonna be sooo collectible!
Nice card, too bad it needs the adapter.
I really wish my 3070ti FTW3 had that led light bar. I like mine, but that new bar looks absolutely gorgeous.
now this makes me sad, and what could of been. :(
Time for a pledge to support EVGA?
wow, you really pulled some strings here...
I'm literally such an AMD fanboy, the EVGA versions were the only Nvidia cards that i had huge respect for, rip, best manufacturer
Seeing this beauty of a card makes me sad all over again that EVGA left the graphics card industry.  How awesome would it be to see them team up with AMD? We can only dream, right?
EVGA making AMD cards? That is gross.
It's tough but I think this is the last nvidia card I will own.
Beautiful card, it seems intelligently made with great quality concern. But tell me, what would their MSRP be? $250, $300, $500  over competition right out of the box? Would they necessarily be top 3 in OC? I don't make this up, past gtx 8800 EVGA were always in the middle if not up to money hungry compared to competition. Everyone does their own results but as for me, price difference never made me go to EVGA graphic cards.
EVGA is always making killer stuff! What a beauty! I'm glad I had a chance to put my hands on a 3090ti FTW3!
Guessing you're gonna have a letter from Nvidia legal shortly after this airs
this just makes my blood boil. screw you nvidia
My name is JTC I’m 5 and I play with dolls… ugh ugh ugh
I think EVGA will make Radeon cards Jay - its the logical thing to do when they have a good GPU division ready to rock. Nice card though the non-4090. I am still running my 4090, cable touching the side panel but not hard bent. If it burns I will sell as scrap and a different GPU - life's to short to worry.
I’ll trade you my 3080 ti ftw3 and some tears!
It seems extremely strange to me that EVGA would pull out of GPU market after setting up the manufacturing process for the new card, not before. After all the initial production line setup is the biggest cost for them.
I make a motion it should be called the "Faux-ty ninety"
This is awesome. Thanks for sharing this with us.
Add the fact that this card is so easy to disassemble...
Clearly the 600 watt limit of this power cable is already more than it can safely handle. Well yes the card itself is nowhere near its limits, obviously the new power connection has a lot of work to be done yet. I think that all the manufacturers all realize this and maybe even Nvidia, so they all agreed that 600 watts was already as close to the line as that type of power cable could safely handle. Even there it's really not that safe.
13:28 why? ar... firers.
Jensen Huang, the man who convinced thousands to buy a $1600+ paperweight.
EVGA made what could have been the best model of the 4090, and even with this engineering sample they nailed it.
Like always, best custom is from EVGA, we miss this gpu for this and the next series..
They need to fix this, it cannot be the end  of USA video cards
who cares ...
maybe they knew amd was gonna have a better card so no point in selling something that rips off the consumer
Jay handles GPUs like cookies, telling "it feels like a 3090TI". Man my 3080ti was touched once, since then it sits inside my case. Dont know how it feels ;)
That EVGA not-4090 is the prettiest GPU I have ever seen! Lets hope that EVGA starts making AMD GPUs with this design!
Wow... What a solid card.  They didn't bloat the size up like the other venders did. Nvidia really lost big when they pissed EVGA off.
Try the reference BIOS.
I'm so glad you could get this card Jay. Yeah we know that won't happen but I'd love EVGA to go team red. I already am running a 6800xt but I would jump on a EVGA amd card so quick.
How hard would it be for someone to Frankenstein an EVGA 3090 Ti cooler onto a 4090?
What a exceptional card. Thee best "NON-4090" card that will ever exist. Sad to see that this card will never be seen on the market. Even though I wouldn't ever afford one, im sad for those that can afford it but won't ever be able to have it (EVGA loyal Fans). All the best EVGA in future innovations. Will look forward to them.
EVGA has been in the game long enough to know a lot about graphics cards. They should not team up with AMD. They should make their own graphics card. They have the knowledge of the die and software. They would make an amazing card
it is so sad that we lost the best gpu
@jayztwocents Cant you type the power limit like you did with the mem clock?
Because of the fact that, because of the fact that, because of the fact that, Because of the fact that, because of the fact that, because of the fact that, Because of the fact that, because of the fact that, because of the fact that, Because of the fact that, because of the fact that, because of the fact that.. I love you Jay.. lol
EVGA RX7000 series time?  Might be too early but if they made AMD stuff suddenly people might rush in to buy LOADS
I can't say I'm a fan of the design honestly, I hated the FTW lineup from 3xxx series and they kept it going. It LOOKS nicer than the previous, but the XC lineup being more rigid and raw looks better to me.
Too Bad would love to have 4070 as well. Gone is gone
damn i wanted that badly
bruh u have an WALL just for EVGA... that got me thinking "in idk, 6-8 years, graphics cards will be the same size as an case" and that wall will change a little bit, just a little...
The EVGA 40-not-ty!
I know this not the best time and place to ask this, but: if EVGA was one of the best when it comes to nVidia... who would be the best when it comes to AMD? Is there such a thing?
This is what EVGA gets for picking sides and putting all of their eggs in one basket.  The idea of capitalism was to buy into free market competition, and not buy the rope that you use to hang yourself with.
I was actually disappointed to see EVGA had parted ways with Nvidia (even though we understand the reasons why they did it) however EVGA always has made the best video cards on the market. The last EVGA card I owned was a 1080TI and it was great at the time, no regrets. However after watching this video it made me sad in a way because I already do miss them but in a good way I hope for the best for them and their future. Its a real shame though, they always have reasonable cooling and power consumption, also the design and size of the card is better in comparison to the other brands
I love that EVGA gave this card to a few select reviewers to really stick it it to NVidia.
Delicious
what a beautiful card such a shame we wont get it :( nuck fvidia
@JayzTwoCents What is that keyboard you have on your desk 9:33->?
Why do you say, 1900 or 1950 on memory as an OC when the speed is clearly shown right in front of you as 12502/12452mhz fluctuating.  You're just setting a "target", Jay,.... it doesn't actually hit anywhere near 1900.... so then you say 1900 on memory... um... just no brainiac.
I honestly miss the EVGA Herpes and bigger offset, the engineering sample you (and GN) have there just looks a bit bland. The Herpes made it so unique
White Box gold
Not a fanboy of any company as they are in it for the money, but every gpu I've owned has been an EVGA because they always have the best build quality/performance for the dollar on top of the best customer support. Will be sorely missed next time I do an upgrade.
Sorry, off-topic, Jay: Do you have acoustic panels on your ceiling or walls? Sounds quite echoey in there.
That size screen with that little space between you and it is hilarious 😄 Say goodbye to your eyesight!
Weird, they put their power connectors on the end of the card. Almost like it is the best design for the board and cable management...
I think they would make a lot better margins if they did produce Radeon Card's.
Some people:Have a 4090 flex  Jay:have evga definitely not 4090 super ultra big flex
Can get some extra power turning off all that rgb
Hey Jay does Kingpin know You are in love with him? 🥰😍🤣🤣🤣
Watching this video almost made me cry. (EVGA user since the 8000 series.)
damn the fins are really bent under the fans and on the left hand side of the card lol...keep up the good work ( ah i said this before watching all the video you mentioned about the fins and why )
R.I.P. EVGA :(
How's the power connector :D ?
Another EVGA fanboy here. I'm also sad that I've got my last ever EVGA GPU in my case. If they ever make AMD cards, that might be the reason for me to leave Nvidia for AMD. This not-a-4090 Jay has here is a dream that will never be reality. So sad.
Always went with XFX, they stopped.. Then always went with EVGA, they stopped...
I left NVIDIA with EVGA.
Well Jay, since EVGA likes listening to you, could you perhaps convince them to start doing the AMD Radeon Cards? 😂😂 i think they would be amazing.
If EVGA teams up with amd I will switch to AMD 😂
If Evga have patents for gpus they should license them out to other vendors not only is it another revenue stream for Evga but we would see some evga design mixed in on other cards. Its better than nothing unless they are planning on working with AMD which I hope they do.
Hey... Hey Jay... Volt mod it ;)
How long until we see other manufacturers copy these cool features?
Im going to miss EVGA GPU's Sad I have to look for a different brand next time. At least I got my EGVA 3070
DAAAMN that's a thicc boi
I have a feeling that one of those "not 4090 engineering cards" will be scalped at ebay for 50k or more at some point. That thing seems to be the holy grail for collectors right now...
I really like the power cable location. Much cleaner builds possible with it. Shame on you nvidia.
You deserve the Not 4090 Jay <3
They could bring a lot to amd.  I had a thought though.  What about Intel? Their knowledge and experience with software and hardware integration could really help the Intel cards do all much better.  Alas its the thought that never was.
An EVGA Radeon whatever would be nice..
i do want jay to make a push for top 100 with this card and a voltage mod and everything he needs. the last fighting EVGA card, making highscores and flatening the oponents. would be a cool sotry line
stupid monitor
You should dump the BIOSes and upload them somewhere for the public.
i do think that the burning cables are just that the plug is running too hot due to the high temperature of the port, or maybe its the copper in the cable that nvidia didnt tested enough but otherwise, that card would've been a best seller being the best 4090 in the market
Running a 2080Ti FTW3 Hybrid.  I was REALLY hoping to replace it with a 4090Ti FTW3 hybrid, but alas that shall never be.
Imagine if KINGPIN got his hands on this and sent it and called it the NOT 4090 with proper mods and adequate cooling I bet that could go fast
a evga and AMD teem up would destroy nvidia
17:16 I commented this in your last video that EVGA need to release a Radeon 7900 XTX.
@JayzTwoCents and many other tech channels are the influencers who play a huge role in holding large companies accountable for poor decision making which affects consumers. Not only do they provide value but when an influencer stays as impartial as is humanly possible it 'renders' 😉positive results for everyone.
its fookin huge xD
The "EVGA Next Gen. Graphics Not 4090 For the Win 3 Ultra"
11:58 Nice temp!  17:16 That would be so sick!#  At least you got the "VGA" from "E". Such a great thing to see!  My 2¢: "nVidia is the impersonification of envy" _~Jacques Fensen_
EVGA going AMD, now THAT would be sick as hell! Imagine the cards that could be created from them……hmm, would even make me consider buying AMD GPU if EVGA did that, so…..hopefully they just might 🤞🏻🙏🏻
This makes me sad too. I've literally been using exclusively EVGA cards since I replaced my Radeon HD4800 a long time ago (I think it was shortly after the Industrial Revolution iirc). I can only hope Nvidia finds a way to repair their relationship with them, or they team up with AMD and start dominating that space
Love that "NOT" 4090 and no "herpes " on it 😍🥰👍😁
EVGA Intel ARC A790 coming soon....
Thanks Jay. This video had to be made.
EVGA and AMD need a meeting.
Jay you lucky SOB!!!  in I don't even like EVGA but that is still cool you got that...
4090's £1500 now.   10-15-20 years time this EVGA graphics card is gonna cost £10,000. Rare, hens teeth............. How much are 3DFX's going for these days?
I love EVGA!!  I wish they had new 4090s. They would be most elite and Zorz.
I'll DM you my address and swap you a 3080ti for my 1060 :)   Great videos mate!
Part of me thinks this card is so nice because they refused to bend to nvidia’s design guidance.  It isn’t a coincidence that all the other 4090’s are massive cards that is a fire hazard and this ‘Not 4090’  isn’t.
What a coincidence gamers meld just made the exact same video . Almost like you stole his idea
without a doubt if i was buying an nvidia card it would have been an evga, especially looking like that, its a very pretty cooler
....why have EVGA make other cards ?....id rather see them make their own and just wipe the floor of their competitors.
If EVGA makes an AMD graphics card... I, a long time ATI and AMD Radeon graphics card user, overclocker, and collector, will be buying one!
"tied in the bracket", what does Jay mean ?
EVGA is a great company, their warranty is legendary. It's the end of an era in terms of gpus.
Proud owner of a 3080 FTW3 Ultra here. EVGA will be missed for sure.
try just typing in 110 on the power slider?
@7.40 - The small logos on the fanblades actually reduces drag on the low pressure side by creating micro-turbulence near the surface. ( Like the hollow pattern on golfballs and "tooth patterns" on the "sharp" edge of helicopter rotors and large windturbines. ) Noctua also uses this technique on some of their fans. So If it works, who cares what it looks like. ;-)
EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏 EVGA+AMD 🙏
There's a guy here that repairs gpus, he says evga was legit
Had to check this was not April 1st..
Wtf it looks slick af, damn missed opportunity
WHAT SCREEEN IS THAT!!!???? OMFG
EVGAMD Pl0x!
I honestly would have bought the evga instead of the ASUS 4090 😢
This video feels right like the way the world should be but sadly isnt. RIP evga =[ you will be forever in our hearts </3
I have never seen this leash system before. It's a great idea and I could definitely work with that in my server tower. Up top there is a pair of support bars that partition the power supply and top bezel from the mobo tray section and basically the rest of the guts of the computer. It has some small holes pre-drilled or punched for something that never shipped but it looks like it would work with this system. Pretty cool. I also like the BIOS switch LED. Probably a useful diagnostic lamp but even better that the main power connection was sent to the rear. It's pretty typical that when you have good designers, you have engineers that can keep up. Nothing out of the ordinary there.
EVGA needs to deal with AMD not sure about everyone else EVGA aint EVGA without GPUs.. I mean its in the freaking name LOOOOL
I plug mine 4090 on pigtails have anyproblems ?
I'm pretty certain +1900 on the memory still showed some artifacting.
Holy hell, how hard did you fangirl?
EVGA should just sell their designs to other manufacturers... or maybe build the coolers for other companies if they own the facilities to do so. Let the others handle the nVidia stuff but help them on the technical part.
anyone able to identify the monitor Jay uses, is it the PG42UQ by asus per chance
clap clap nvidia... clap clap...
So beautiful 😍
Them sending this out is a total bro move, not only for YouTube, but for their own employees that worked hard on it
that sucks that a really nice card
EVGA always made the most aesthetic looking cards
Jay 2021: I hate doing videos about hardware, no one can get their hands on! Jay 2022:
Hey Jay, idk if you know but you can move the taskbar to left-aligned like every other version of windows... it's so much nicer ngl
i always bought evga graphics cards for many years. RIP to them. Hope they team with AMD and shove it to Nshitia
Man! I'm jealous for sure. Such a kick in the crotch when Nvidia had there divorce from EVGA. Sure glad I picked the EVGA 3090ti when I did. I so hope that EVGA hooks up with team red.
What drivers give that performance boost? Curious as to which driver initially started that.
I'm sad thanks Jay 😊
Love that EVGA released this to Jay just to show how above the competition they were. Huge loss.
OMG just stop, they want to make money in other way, just shut up. Is a custom like all the other comed out, nothing in particular, the smaller size would make it more sensible to thermal
Linus right now is crying softly in a safe space after seeing Jat with this thing LOL
I'm a car guy, so I liken this to having a collection of Firebirds and then GM giving you the Banshee concept car. He's the Jay Leno of graphics cards.
EVGA Next-Gen 7900 XTX FTW sounds very good 😁
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THATS TOO SICK nah sir honestly GG good on u
they have a patent on "having temperature sensors" ? What a joke ><' Patent truly is a broken system
I would be straight on an AMD card by EVGA....by far would be my first choice brand
I heard the reason EVGA backed out because they cannot make a successful rtx4090 to pass QA. Smh sad. They should've followed Asus great R&D
If EVGA would team with amd , sure hell i would buy an amd card... and i dont own an amd card since 2013 with an r7 260x...
That  cooler fin stack is Beautiful!!
Move on EVGA is done bad management and bad products. Glad I got great products are Asus/ROG and MSI makes some ok products to
“You have something I want”
It's a real shame.
I am not jealous at all
I love the card. I wish there where more like it!
My heart broke when I heard the news that EVGA was done with Nvidia. But I understand the reasons. I hope they get with AMD.
We could of had this if Nvidia stopped doing an Amber Heard and pooping peoples beds
Nvidia = Stupid
The 4090 model many wanted and no one got…
i hope evga create their own GPU and beat nvidia 😊😊
Looks like the older evga designs! From the GTX 700/900 series!
lol so funny
I love how evga did this for you jay. they recognized that you were a huge supporter of them and listened to you for one but also gave you this card.
You're not the only one who got the EVGA 4090..gamers Nexus also did a video on it and disassembled theirs
EVGA - Best of the Best🔥❤💕👍 Very sexy and amazing Graphics card!!! EVGA join AMD!!!
The only 4090 I wanted
It looks like a Sapphire AMD card.
I really hope that EVGA starts making GPU's for AMD and Intel.
Paying for yt premium really lost its use huh
Sooo, can I have it?  Pretty please 🥺
Love this. A labour of love and considered design
The lost holy grail.
can I get that EVGA 7090
Kind of nostalgic Jay... Great memento btw, kudos to EVGA for giving you this and being the kind of company they are. (Also I believe this is the only Jay video I've seen that made me feel kind of melancholic/nostalgic/emotional a bit - end of an era kind of thing.)
AMD needs to make EVGA an offer they cant refuse!
If I was AMD, I would be putting everything into getting EVGA as a partner
Gutted that this isn't going  to be available.  Had EVGA  cards for the last 12 years.
Very sad that EVGA isn't making cards anymore.
Such a shame a manufacturer like this has left the market. I never had any products of theirs, but I've only heard good things about them.
Its so good looking
EVGA must make AMD cards, why not!! EVGA 7900 XTX !!!  gonna be awesomo
Please vote
You could take the HSF off the card and ghetto mod the power for water-cooling. That would give you cooler temps and more power for the GPU.
Why are you showing us a card that i can never own, i get the fact that EVGA would have been an excellent card vendor for 40 series cards just as they have always been for every other graphics card they developed. Is this their or your Basic Instinct moment. At this point in time it is irrelevant.  I'm glad EVGA sent you an engineering sample, it shows a certain level of respect you clearly show for each other, but for the love of god why did you have to show me.
Im just a big sad
Get them to make Intel ARC
Looks so good
Prototypes are very special and expensive items.
It's Nvidia's loss to lose a partner like EVGA.
It's to bad for we never see EVGA cards .. i have a few of them. What monitor do you use on video ? And thank you for all reviews !
Is it L.H.R.???
Just repasted my 1070 FTW2, I also had the original FTW back in the day. I had so many EVGA cards over the years, they were always the top choice, if I really wanted to buy myself something good, I got the EVGA model. I don't think they'll ever join team red, but that would get me joining team red for sure... Well I think I'm going to do that nonetheless at some point. Maybe I'll get a Sapphire card, it always seemed to me that Sapphire was kind of AMDs EVGA, although they had some issues with cooling performance apparently in the 6000 series.
I want to sell my soul for this card! :)
that is going to be  expensive rare card , if you do flash make sure you also save whats on there cause you might never get it back
the Last Unicorn
This is so awesome, and so sad, at the same time.
Ah man, thats the best looking 4090 of the whole lot! I have FTW3, 2080ti and 2080 before that but i've skipped 40 series and EVGA leaving the market is part of that. Fingers crossed they return for the 5090.
so under the line: you know where to get it, now let's talk about the price... =)
Maybe der8auer can help with that Powerlimit
Huge respect for EVGA to stand up to the arsehole management of Nvidia.
This is definitely my 2nd favorite design behind Founder's Edition and ahead of Zotac
Y E S ! ... E V G A ... show AMD a little love <3
I am gonna miss evga so bad. I also wish they team up with AMD. AMD feels like the way to go from here for all of us
EVGA - AMD win
Welcome to computer electronics YouTubers where all the channels have the same content everyday.
I have a feeling that EVGA will be coming out with their own graphics system, not tied to Nvidia, AMD, or Intel. Only time will tell though.  As a note, if EVGA wasn't thinking of creating their own system, wouldn't it be a liability for EVGA to give out a card to a reviewer and not tell them that they can't post anything with it running?
Sad because I've always bought EVGA and their extended warranty. At least I know they'll honour their warranty on my 2080Ti, although the best I can hope for is an old stock 3090Ti in a couple of years time (which won't be the end of the world).
Just think...... It DID NOT take 24 years to surface.... at a garage sale somewhere........ Prior to that, being an Urban Legend, or Myth.
When Jay says he will never shunt mod his card... Meanwhile Buildzoid "hold my beer!"
Anyway, this makes me wonder about the closed door arguments, like was really just having more vram options? I think EVGA just had a better PCB design off spec, or not matched to reference, that made it run cold and Nvidia didn't like XD  I'd love to see a teardown of the card's components and what EVGA specifically did to get it so smol.
7900 XTX is cheaper
Man that card is beautiful!
Now that evga is not making gpu's everybody wants one 😅
4:07 "E-LEASH the KRAKEN!!!"  (You just know it HAD to be SAID!)
whatever
I'm out of the loop, why does nearly everyone have that blue petal desktop background??
I want EVGA not 4090
nice to see what nvidia could release if they would. evga fu** nvidia by given this card to public ;)
Linus needs to learn from Jay how to put down computer components
This feels like EVGA made it way too good on purpose lol. Like ..look we know the shit, but nope :D
That's a sweet looking card.
CAN SOMBODY TELL ME WHY I LOVE JAY ....AND HATE ....WELL NOT HATE....YEA NO ..HATE  LINUS....GOD WHAT A DOUCHE
Lmao EVGA just being like "yeahhhh NVIDIA, look at what your missing out on"
AMD on EVGA would be the ultimate revenge.
After 7 years, my GTX 980ti slowly sagged enough to warp the PCB, and thermal cycle popped a vram module off. It does not take much warp at all, couldn't even see by eye really, but you could with a tight string. Having a support on power supply end is nice. I learned my lesson, I have a little 3D printed column underneath my 3080.  Anyway, don't discredit the eleash until you give it 7 years of daily thermal cycles without touching it XD
I love that Design!
Is this also “Unlaunched”?
They should sell the design.
I want evga to make amd cards. That card is extremely gorgeous and i hate that i cant own one.
After seeing how they've made cards these last few generations, I would switch to AMD in a heartbeat if they made AMD cards!
Get hold of @der8auer for the XOC bios he has for the 4090...maybe it works on the "NOT 4090"
I just watched the GNs tear down of this card and I was expecting the box to have it in bits in and Jay to say "Thanks Steve"
I have strong feelings here.  I support EVGA 100%+  I LOVE my EVGA 3090 but this card's physical improvements are wow.  I love you EVGA but my goodness.  I wish I could upgrade with you in years to come.  You seem to truly care!  So Regardless I will always buy EVGA versions of whatever product I can,
The one thing I regret is not buying an EVGA Ampere card when I upgraded from my EVGA gtx 1060, from my EVGA 770 But with the knowledge crypto was on the rise and chip shortages I got the cheapest 3070 I could get my hands on. Spending the extra $100 would've been so worth it
At this point, what's keeping EVGA from becoming the 4th GPU silicon competitor? Okay, likely R&D money... but they'd surely get investments for their incredible trackrecord! =D
INDEED im very sad as i very much wanted to get a king pin version of a 4090
i asked EVGA, MSI, GIGabyte, Asus for a sample 4090 card for my collection and did not even get a response.
F
EVGA was never really a brand where I live. But from what I could always see in english reviews was a solid card. Shame they just took their hat and left the room.  Kudos to them. As Jay said - this could have been the saving grace for the 40 series in terms of size and compatibility with cases.
If I was amd I would throw all the money at evga to change their minds. The hype alone would compensate for anything you spend on them.
Man that card is beautiful! So sad that EVGA wont make them!!!
EVGA can I have one too for my collection? Send me a message
I really really REALLY hope EVGA teams with amd, I would 10,000% switch over to AMD EVGA. I mean, I'm already going to switch to AMD but it would be great to have an EVGA card
which driver update was he referring to that recently gave improvements to all 30 series cards?
Happy for you that you got one of this super unique EVGA 4090 cards..! I miss EVGA so much  for the next gen cards and my pc build with the EVGA Z690 MB looks a bit damaged when I change the 3090 Ti FTW3 Ultra with a new RTX 4090 from another brand....
Hi Jay.  You're so lucky getting that sample from EVGA.  Also what is the Asus TV/monitor you're using.
An EVGA 7900 XTX would be awesome
I respect the deciscion of EVGA. But gosh.. that is a beaty and nobody can get it. Such a shame that NVIDIA turned such shit show.
Holup, EVGA handing out collection items? I'd like a collection item as well, for uhm.. my collection, displayed in my uhm.. pc
Hoping EVGA comes back into the GPU market in the future. They’ve always just been rock solid cards
Mmmm chunky better then the one nvidia offers
2:27 in and my heart is breaking knowing i will never get my hands on another evga card. im gonna be real honest here EVGA was like the only third party card manufacturer that i actually trusted, ive had cards from most of the other companies at one point or another and i was ALWAYS DISSATISFIED by SOMTHING HUGE, but not evga cards. they always ran 5 cel lower, they were always quieter to higher temps, they legit kept my case cooler. than other brand cards of the CAME card. it DROVE ME CRAZY for years. until i got to a point where i like fuck it. EVGA only oh also their CARDS almost always fit the current gen of cases. u never had to wait for the next gen size cases to come along so the damn card could even fit. and now seeing the changes the made to this CARD just reminds me why there were soo damn good. that card looks smaller. more sleek, and ill be ya that fucker runs better too. evga card usally had 5 percent of more on the founders cards. but were usually just 50 or 100 more than a founders. sooo it just sucks. them being gone. it sucks soooo bad. im praying they join forces with AMD, i feeel like AMD would like a TRUSTed capabale partner change what ever they wanted. that could have truly unique cards with AMD, and AMD keeps getting better every damn release. their numbers are lower so ao AIB could charge more with out even runing into nivida prices. they could legit probly get  more profit from going with AMD, but alas we are FUCKED people. lets hope it changes for the best
I am sure they have improved since I swore them off, but when your videocard smokes your motherboard and you have to build a new PC.... It is kind of a turn off to the brand
it's the nice video karting out there  EVGA
You are blessed.
This is a real unicorn 🦄
8900 XTX KINGPIN... please!
I do believe this particular model is called the RTX Forty-Noty
Amazing.
Me* Was Finally Gonna Switch To EVGA From Asus GPU   EVGA Leaves Chat*
I have to comment about the melting connections on 4090's. It seems to me that the heat is coming from the card side (not the cable side) which is PCB and is much higher temp ratings than the plastic shrouding the connections.
I hope Nvidia watch this and realise what a colossal bollock they dropped by being the way they were towards EVGA.
Wow you have the card that never was. Insane to know at least they made one. Will you daily drive it for a bit? Or just keep it on the back wall.
I've "bricked" a card with a bad bios and was easily able to just reflash the backup bios back onto it. I don't see why it would go wrong if you tried, also having a bios switch anyway. Just make a backup of the stock bios it came with.
It's almost like finding a Hendrix album from the 80's, a Lennon album from the 90's.. a gift from a parallel dimension.
Thanks for sharing this Jay!
At least they had the sense to flip that shit HPWR connector. Nice job.
Greedy bastard Evga milked enough profit with 3000 rtx. Now they are talking a break.
Kioxia invented NAND flash? Are you high?
I own 3 evga cards, an evga gtx 1060 an evga 2070 super and an evga 3080 ftw3.. im very jealous of your collection albeit im no tech reviewer and had to purchase all my cards but i envy your collection. Which has now become priceless due to the not 4090 evga card you now possess. And theres no other tech reviewer who deserves it more than you do imo. LONG LIVE EVGA!
*not 4090* meanwhile the screen at 13:25 😂
Well i do like EVGA, but as the European... i don't really give a damn anymore  mostly because EVGA gave us a middle finger years ago - literaly
9:18 13:10 16:26 16:40 16:55 17:10
What an honor to receive this card
You should use this in your new home build to spite Nvidia
Never had EVGA card so I don't know anything about them, but with this gesture they showed how great they are and how much they respect Jay, true kings, maximum respect for those guys. I'm sure that Jay is also happy to add this unique card to his collection, I'm glad to see that 😀
What.. A.. Pitty.
That card is SO sick! Massive disappointment that it will never actually exist 😢
I do hope evga return to gpu at some point nvidia/amd/intel whatever
I bet Jay is as sad as I was when case labs went belly up.
would be lit if you disassembly this thing
Ofc its the nicest looking one…. 😢
And I am hoping my adapter melts lol.
Kinda like the idea of shirnes etc... but theres copper and aluminium in those. Considering how high the price of raw material is getting... it may be prudent to send coolers back to manufacturers to extract copper and aluminium for new designs. Because the silicon will go EOL. Card will be a brick. Lets lower the prices... with recycling.
Deb has the that Evga bios that unlocks the power % slider
Shunt mod?
neat , i hope they let you keep it and go balls to the wall with it
EVGA has some of the best cards ever made period.
Why would it not feel like 3090 ti? Or a voodoo 3000 for that matter?   Its a chip surrounded by cooling and power managing forced into a card shape. Just like any other card in history.   The fact u spend 15 minutes talking about it is the issue. It’s a pcb with cooling and some power managing circuits. Its not meant for the user to jack off on. Its built to keep the chip cooled to Nvidia’s specs. Not user’s.
I still want an evga card. I’d trade my fe for one.
Kudos to EVGA for sending over this awesome card
I too was a fan of EVGA cards,,, Now I"m sad.
I want them to do some RX7000! They can work on the refresh for september 20237
You should shunt mod it!
Please! EVGA switch to AMD... Can't believe they actually gave you a working card...
I'm so jealous of this, I'm a huge evga fan it's what I've always bought... I'm so pissed about them feeling like they have to step out of the GPU business
anybody else have the issue of the latest nvidia gpu driver @ 100% idle at desktop windows 11? 517 is the last build that doesn't.
Introducing the EVGA RTX 40Naughty
damn jay you a legend
good times.  nice ending
aye bent fins giving me anxiety
😭😭
I'd be fine with that e on the fan _until_ you called it the "herpes e". I can never look at it the same way again
Stunning card
The fact that their card was that much smaller and had lower temps speaks a lot about how great EVGA really is.
My last EVGA was GTX 670. Was not able to buy again because we rarely have EVGA in my country. Now they're gone for good.
i have never bought an amd desktop product. but if evga teams up with them then i will seriously consider it.
Imagine evga teaming up with intel and bringing forth a 3rd highly competitive brand. With Intel maturing their tech, and evga design, those cards could be tempting.
Sad, love evga and that looks nice
1:06
Der8aeur was talking about doing a physical power-mod for his Strix. He didn't need to because he found a power-unlock vBIOS. Physical power-mod, dude.
So It look like EVGA is bad at pull out game 😂😂😂😂
Is it just me or us jayz looking a bit leaner and stronger 💪
?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! OMG FREAKIN FINALLYY   someone put it on the back.. i mentioned in a video b4 wondering why NOBODY is doing it....   and when it finally happens its to a card that doesnt exist lol
Good card to place in your main pc, not on a shelf yet. Also it can worth much money.
You lucky son-of-a......   Congratz,  thank you for sharing this experience with the rest of us pleebs.
Great video, long live the king!  They will be back but it will take a behavior check by Nvidia after stiff Radeon competition before they come back to the fold imho.  Also what monitor is that ? I was using a samsung 55" NU8500 which was the last TRUE 120hz 1440p TV/Monitor that was curved, been tossing up between the ark odyssey and a 42" OLED monitor.  Would love to see you do a video on a gaming/content creation comparison for recent large format displays.
i can only say : Fk nvidia. Boycott it. Hurt them where it hurts -> money
Yes please EVGA and AMD
Wow if only EVGA was still in the game I would upgrade from my 3090ti.
Wow, it's beautiful 😍
Pullout sound was a little much.. love it
Hope your happy. I'm crying here. Literally crying. I am still trying to figure what my next card will eventually be. Right now I have an RTX 3070 FTW Ultra but one day... Will need upgrade... And... With... NO EVGA what do I do? I have no idea. EVGA was my solution after BFG bowed out of home PC market. Before that in early 200 and late 1900 was ELSA. After BFG stopped I found EVGA and though watched comaparos... KNEW I need look, no further. Love AMD but have never been a Radeon fan.
I'm so sad EVGA was my most trusted GPU brand, at least we still have their power supplies
is there a reason of not partnering with AMD?
Evga seems go ne managed by wised people. Hope they will turn to Amd and continue their good products
I'm not usually one to express my opinion on what my uneducated ass thinks big companies should do with their time and money, but AMD cards by EVGA would be such a great opportunity for all involved. I'm not one to hail AMD as some sort of angelic organization that does things for the greater good, but they are making much more consumer oriented choices and products in the video card segment right now, particularly compared to NVIDIA. I genuinely cannot see how anyone loses.  AMD gets an incredibly well regarded AIB in their deck, EVGA can reverse its massive losses in revenue while working with much more economically and practically viable partner, and consumers get to enjoy the byproduct of everything I just listed!
Yeah i mean its not worth the risk of putting 4090 in your rig if its fire hazard , putting lives in danger was not worth it to begin with
its so cool
remember what nVidia took from us!
I got a 6900xt and it sagged a bit so I just made a stand out of legos... and perfect..
Loved your last comment, can you imagine them making AMD cards??? Would be WOW!!!
I have a theory that EVGA only got out of the game this generation because of the power adapter situation. I find it highly plausible they foresaw this fiasco and didn’t want to ruin their reputation. If Nvidia fixes the power adapter next generation I will be very interested to see if EVGA makes their return....
I was at Microcenter when the 4090 came out. I've also always bought EVGA cards. This time, all Microcenter had was Zotacs. No shit, it's sitting in it's box right now waiting to go back because it decided to die out of nowhere. No melted plug, it just didn't display on wake up then I restarted the computer and got the GPU beeps. I miss EVGA already.
Holyyyy crap. Love watching videos on a GPU that I will never get my hands on. Its great EVGA made you a card though. I hope you enjoy it while the rest of sulk with gigabyte.
AMD 👊👍🍺
Give it to me!
Yo Jay, that the 42 or the 48" Asus screen?
SkuuuuPOP
Damn... It's beautiful. A shame, but we can truly appreciate it.
No panic. I assume that EVGA has some plan for nVidia or contract. I would love to believe it. Let’s wait and see and may be we could see rtx 5xxx from EVGA
Jay shows a full Thanksgiving meal while I sit here eating a cold turkey sandwich.
AMD knock! knock! Hello EVGA we have huge head room for OCing our new 7000 cards.
EVGA will join AMD GPU with their next Generation launch (RX 8000 Series).
That s sad but I could not afford it anyway ! But it s still cool !
okay .. Two Things ..   First .. Thanks for sharing your journey (and "The Card that Never Was") .. completely awesome .. thanks ..  Second .. as Granny used to say, "From your lips to God's Ears". .. "if only we could get EVGA to make AMD cards" .. oh man .. man oh man ..
Why you gotta tease us like that 😔
The only thing I liked about was the power connectors at the backb
That gpu with either the asus pro art, nzxt, or gigabyte motherboard that has the more modern design and the lian li 011 case would be such a clean build
I’ve never owned anything but evga GPU’s and couldn’t see the day that would change. I’m but sad because I want to actually get a 4090 and this would of been the one.
After seeing that NOT 4090 I believe EVGA would have hit a home run with that GPU if they did release it. I'm running a EVGA GTX 1080 SC 8GB which I bought around the time finding a GPU started to be like trying to find a unicorn. Bought it back then for $50 dollars locally used and back then ebay going rates was around $350-400 dollars if I recall.
this makes me even more sad now, seeing it built and not able to get it, EVGA will always be one of the GOTS
😞 F
Dearest Jay and employees I know EVGA throughout the years and I can honestly state that short of my dad`s company they are the most honest company ever alive now or then... Also Jay I only wish this card for your possesion because I believe in JayzTwoCents!
We need a video talking about the cards on the EVGA wall of fame please ! 😊
Maybe EVGA had the power cable issue themselves, were constrained by NVIDIA's design rules and did not want to risk the liability. - Just a thought.
Wait whats this about drivers giving 20% more performance, are they out? New? Im confused, I just updated like a week or two ago and noticed nothing different
AMD gives Evga the Kojima treatment. They throw a bunch of money their way and tell them, “you are the chosen one do what ever the kingping you want we’ll fund it, u can make a video card that walks across the counter we don’t care do anything”
is kinda dumb for EVGA just suddenly stops despite how disgusting NVidia is, who going to be responsible for the workers in GPU departments?
Man... this will be another "Voodoo 5 6000" for which people would pay stupid amounts of money to get their hands on. 😀
That is the card I really wanted as an upgrade alas shall never be
I want one. :(
Would love to do a full on evga themed custom build with that card! A man can dream 😅
i like how it says next gen graphics on the side, thats going to age like milk,
okay... how do I get this extra 20% on my 3090 lol
I really hope they come back for the 50 series
If this card came out it would have been my first NVIDIA card since buying a GTX 970.  That is the best-looking card in the last 2 generations.
Oh, you better have a good security system. Someone is going to try to snatch that from you at some point. That is probably one of the most valuable piece of memorabilia in the computer industry today.
This is a shame - because FINALLY some maker puts the 12V contact in the right place and then they immediately stop making it 😅
The balls on EVGA to let you have this must be massive
Glad I grabbed an EVGA 3090Ti when they were at $1049.00! Shes bulletproof so far.
Pour one out for lost homies. RIP EVGA
Not 4090 Build !!! That thing needs a permanent home!!!
This would have been my card. I love everything about it.
Super Jealous. It is gorgeous and very well thought out. That would be an amazing card out in the market. I would of taken it from the the box and straight to the wall, never plugging it in; for the fear factor alone.
My next card was going to be an EVGA card.  Just love the way they look.  I personally think EVGA saw some of the issues that were coming up, and felt they couldn't do anything to get around it.
Jayz your monitor is ludicrously big! i love it.
what monitor is that?
Jay its the end of an era. I've always been an EVGA fan from the start(way back).  Its too bad that Nvidia is Nvidia... I'm very happy that you got to add that to your collection.
Im gonna go out on a limb here , and bet that EVGA leaving teh card market might ahve had something to do with  card refrence design limitations  taht nvidia imposes on card makers. because .. day-yam ... that is one compact 4090. Like maybe nvida rejected EVGA's perposed card design and said it don't stick to spec enough. because if evga released this , it'd be smaller than the FE version even (the FE version is the smallest 4090 right now. )
0Looks like the Nvidia fan boy is at it again. LOL
Congrats Jay, you have a one of a kind. You deserve to keep that relic!
maybe ask kingpin for a work arround for the power and voltage limit!
The fact EVGA sent out a card to GN and yourself speaks volumes. I respect it, hopefully they show the finger to the industry.
What is the size of that display?
EVGA just did things differently to make stuff work better, and this card shows why their cards were superior; even taking feedback and positively implementing it... wow!!!
I will miss EVGA cards so glad my 30 series card is them with my newly built PC
I love EVGA so much that I was actually going to make my next build an all EVGA system but then ... Oh well.
oh,my....god...WHYYYYY I CANT GO ON WITHOUT EVGA THIS IS THE SEXIEST CARD IVE EVER FCKN SEEN IN MY LIFE
I want this card to be on leaderboard no 1... Please van somebody managae to do it...
Anyone know what chair he has?
Every time you said "Not a 4090", all i could think of was the Boring Company "Not a Flamethrower".... and i don't know why.
One of my fav brand, and that GPU would have been an gamechanger if released.  Hope EVGA teams up with Team RED, that would be awesome
I'd jump on the EVGA AMD bandwagon if it becomes a thing
It must feel so bittersweet to be a part of making this design happen like their 3090ti. I know owning their 3090ti feels bittersweet.
that RGB looks sick
Card is so sick.  rip
The box should had "The Day That Never Comes" lyrics in there
So I’ve been waiting around for what AMD was going to launch and meanwhile a guy in the next town over was selling a sealed and unopened EVGA FTW3 Ultra 3090 for 900, last month it was listed on Facebook marketplace it went unsold. I kept watching used EVGA 3080s sell for $600+. Finally broke down and messaged the guy asking if he still had it this past weekend. Now 3 days later I have what is essentially a new EVGA 3090 running in my system, hard to say no to a brand that was iconic to me growing up in the 2000s. Still more than what I truly want to pay for a graphics card but without going team red or shelling out 1200 plus for a 4080, it seemed like the best deal at the time.
im hoping to see evga start up their own graphics card company to compete and shit all over nvidia with performance
I think it may be a little over dramatic about the cable issues, been only a handful of reported issues out of probably 100's of thousands of cards?
I wanna cry cause I wanted and evga 4090 to go with my 3080 hybrid,3080ti, and my 3090ti  😭
Such a tragic, crying shame.  I was planning on buying an EVGA and then they dropped that bomb.  I do not have the same confidence in the other brands. I refuse to buy a 4000 card until they figure out and fix the power/cable fire issues permanently.  I will just stick with my 2070 super.
Dang. EVGA picked a better font for their card than Nvidia did.
amazing card 😢
This is one of the coolest videos of yours
That is the best looking 4090 made 😍
Is EVGA going to maintain Precision even though they dumped nVidia as a vendor? Is there any chance they would sell the patent for iCX?
Super cool.
Its P0 btw I think…but nonetheless an awesome video :)
gib me coolers! I can't keep my case temp low
Can we all agree that we want ega to make gpus for team green blue and red nothing beets what evga makes I want them back
With the power limit being locked, you might be fine.  Still, I probably wouldn't use it either.
This is why I just went with a 30 series card.
Sucks seeing as it's the best looking of the partner cards
Since starting my pc gaming life I have had 4 gpus and always evga …  I’m so sad this didn’t come out
I will really miss the evga queuing system, it was the only way many people were able to get the 30 series GPU at MRSP including me.
Clean AF.
1. That is a fantastic-looking card. I would have absolutely bought one. 2. That was awesome of them to get you one and put in the time to make a VBIOS for something they would never make money on. 3. We're ALL jealous...
Looking away and all I hear is wet pullout noise. Nice.
that makes me think about fall of XGi with volari duo v8 ultra
would insta buy an amd card made by EVGA.  Not a joke.  Would plop the money down to buy the best version immediately.
wouldnt that just rub salt into the wound EVGA RX 7900XT 🙃
Give EVGA time to spin up on AMD cards.  They probably have some kind of noncompete clause in their exit deal with Nvidia that says they can't sell GPUs from Nvidia's competitors for X years.
This thing is fucking priceless.
I wonder what evga will do with the patten?? I hope they rent it out to other partners for extra cash, i think thatd be a hot selling point for cards
Yourself and Steve are two lucky lads. EVGA flexing their prowess and sticking it up nVidia ... LOL
it look like Sapphire Nitro+ RX 6900 XT 😊
I have an EVGA 2080 Ti FTW Card. It"s like a legend now lol
The last comment about them making amd cards.  Yes I would love a RX7900xtx FTW
You can clearly see the conflict emotion on jay’s face. He is excited about the engineering sample but also sad because it is the last he will ever see from EVGA.
Wonder if Nvidia was requiring the problematic connector orientation, and that's why EVGA had to drop this, knowing there'd be the issues there are now, and this card is what they wanted to build. Makes you wonder.
I'll say it before or if somebody hadn't already said it WHO GIVES A RATS ASS!!!
Such a shame for such an amazing GPU to never see the light of day
Jay do you think there's any chance that E VGA will transfer to making AMD video cards
Damn... That's a collectors item if I have ever seen one.   Nice card, too bad they got out of the graphics card biz.   Hopefully the other 3rd party graphics card companies watch this video and take implement some of these features.
Nvidia screwed up on their design and EVGA had better one overall
If it works, you should build an all engineering sample pc lol. Would be blue screen hell, but fun to dial I think!
Woah, I just have one question, can it run Crysis?
17:16 yah I want a 7970 titan xtx from evga
meanwhile I can't even find any 4090
3:31 You vs the guy she says is just a friend
It’s a sin because I have always bought Nvidia EVGA cards since they first launched them. I’ve only had one issue with an RTX 2070 when they used micron memory. But out of the other cards since the early 2000s, each have been flawless
A card bending the case? Are you serious? I can jump on my case and it wont deform.
The way Nvidia treats their customers and board partners is terrible.  Until Nvidia cleans up their act and starts treating people right, I won't be purchasing anything form them.
Pain.... :(
Such a beautiful card…, what a shame.
That would be insane if EVGA started making AMD. EVGA RX 7900 FTW 3 XTX lol
So all of them went to tech tubers 😅
what is this monitor?!
Wow that card looks so good
for display purposes only, in honor of the card that never was, should make a prop build using all evga stuff. case, motherboard, graphics card (vertical mount), power supply, other stuff. oh and include functioning rgb leds (simple light strips that would run w/ system not running)
"intensive purposes" as in "in all cases that matter" or "if we're really counting" not "in tents and purposes" loll.
Well I use Stainless Steel Bicycle Spoke cost me $.25 hang my VGA cards in my builds.... looks cool too, and it can be adjust with the nut too, dont need fancy eleash...
The King is dead. Long live Team Red... hint, hint EVGA...😉
when i can afford it im getting the evga gear fuck nvida i was on team red but im on team evga after what nvida was doing to them.
Would be nice to see AMD cards from them
Sending these out to YouTubers seems like a big FU to Nvidia from EVGA. Hilarious!!! 😄😂🤣
"We could have worked with you, nVidia. But no." Exactly what I told nVidia on my last two GPU purchases. There will probably be a third time in case EVGA and AMD push something like a 7970XTX.
That dood should sit a bit further away from his panel, shouldn‘t he? 😅
I lost it at 1:08 🤣🤣
Would love it if they kept making the hybrid kits they were great ❤❤❤
Calling it now... That card is gonna get stolen by some collector.
I miss EVGA already.
How can it be that lets say the RTX 2080 TI under load is like 75c but the RTX 4090 TI is like 60c how :l
EVGA 40Noty 😂
Now with EVGA out of the picture it's going to get....  A lot more difficult finding a new graphics card.  Yes, all cards in the same class will perform the same but that doesn't stop the company itself from changing the experience.
Tf for real?
Beautiful card. EVGA will always be the best
My last three cards have been EVGA... Here's to hoping they make AMD's  / ATI's by the time my 3080 needs to go.
Who the heck do we use, now that EVGA doesnt make cards?
Radeon is missing EVGA starpower. I think if EVGA started to make Radeon cards that AMD's market share would increase quite a bit. This is the only 4090 designed by a team of sane people.
Was all your videos leading up to the 3090ti and 4090 that helped curb my decision. The big one being that bracket that ties the card together, I settled for the EVGA FTW3 3090ti instead of waiting for the 40series and boy, am I glad I did now!
OMG that card is gorgeous... I want one! :( RIP EVGA I'll cherish my EVGA 3090 FTW3 Ultra
Wtf! This is the same card I have seen on Gamer Nexus video.. like literally same card.. how do i know.. at around @2:19 you can see the fin bends just above Gen and when I compared it to gamer nexus one it was identical. How is that even possible without these people getting same card.
COOL WORK
Maybe they should just help other brands to do their jobs in some way as they are clearly not as good.
Man, I love EVGA's logo
I part ways with GPUs that brick. No thanks. I'll stick with ASUS or Nvidia.
omg this card is so sexy
Phil is the reason EVGA dropped out of the graphic card game with that Herpes comment.
Now Jay imagine if Tesla got his way there would be no wires. They went with Edison's power meter so they could charge people for Kwh of usage. Tesla wanted power to be broadcasted for free.
I can wait for the moment we 'll all make fun of these ridiculous sizes.
Evga protipe card hell ya rtx 4090
I'm bummed that EVGA had no choice but to exit the GPU market. Hopefully they'll come back.
EVGA listened to Jay's solution for the sag issues, so the last seconds of this clip... EVGA has to listen to Jay and start making AMD cards soon right? :P
So much sexier than the strix...ngl
I hate this half size PCB nonsense everyone is doing. EVGA did it better. Just make it full size and make a cutout. The connector on the end of the card where EVGA has it is so much better.
I'll be waiting for my 4090 kingpin
I kissed my EVGA 3090 good night and told it I love it 😴💤
I'd have loved to own the 4090 EVGA but I can't so I will only this EKWB EVGA liquid 3080 ti
Man I really wanted a 3070 ti ftw3 but now there like 1000 for a 3070 ti 😢
dang, I could only imagine what the kingpin would've been....
when i heard that EVGA was leaving the graphics card market, i began rush saving for a  3070 FTW  card.  then i fell intoa  rabbit hole of wanting a USED evga 3080  off ebay ,  but then my prepaid creditcard woulnd't hold more than 500 bucks.... so i settled on a  EVGA FTW3  3070  ,  used  from a seller that had good ratings.  it's not a 3080 , but hell at this point of when i upgraded a 3070 is more than powerful enough  compared to my old Zotac AMP edition 1070.  and i only paid 425 USD for it, so fairly pleased.
아 저게 나왔어야 했는데 아 저게 나왔어야 했는데.. 내년에  짜잔!!! 4090ftw3 출시!!! 엔비디아와 극적타결!!! 이러면 좋겠다 ㅠㅠ
Next card.. 7900xtx forget that 4090 BS.. who cares about top of the line when all that matters is you would have a system if that plug melts is still salvageable..
I love EVGA and have preferred their GPU's going back to 2007 (8800 GTS 512, i believe).  I'm liking my 4090 Strix just fine, but I would have preferred EVGA again, and that well concieved engineering sample proves why.  Long live EVGA!
This kind of makes me sad honestly.
The herpEs?
so cool you got one of them at the end, thanks Evga
the ASUS looks better
yea boiiiii
What chair are you using Jay?
This EVGA 4090 is beautiful. Watched the teardown on GN.
EVGA should make their own chips and compete with AMD and NVIDIA. We need a 3rd serious competitor just like it was in good old days: ATI vs 3dfx vs NVIDIA
I love the card 😎
I want EVGA to help Intel or AMD if they are better at working with partners to make Nvidia bend the knee.
NOT 4090..... Nooooooo its the Naughty90 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Me buying a 3090 ti ftw3 ultra a month ago at retail to have the last holy grail EVGA product now feels way less cool
I'm so sad I can't get a 4080 EVGA.  But one more reason to jump ship to AMD
Jay what monitor is that? It looks Like the PG48UQ, or is that the BFGM?
I'm happy I have a 1080ti FTW3..
Such a range of emotions here. All 3 graphics cards I've owned in my life have all been EVGA cards and it's so sad to see them discontinue their GPU line. It does make me really happy to see that their product that never was would have been one of if not the best of the 40 series cards. I'm really glad they sent this to Jay, it could not have found a better home. Thanks for sharing this with us Jay!
Cool, cool....but what is the takeaway from this or even the purpose of EVGA sending you this? "HAHA LOOK WHAT YOU CANT HAVE" ???? Some sort of exclusivity brag that you got to look at it? I'm sure people were curious, and it's content...but beyond that...what is the relevance, Jay?
Please sell it to me 😅😅
Hi jay, I’m writing you because I want to see you do a burnout in honor of EVGA
Hey Jay, a good indicator of why those cables are burning is by looking at why they intentionally locked the power slider and made it power limited. There's your answer. I don't trust the 4090s either.
EVGA 7900 XTX When?
well they listened on the bracket..maybe an amd card could be possible....that would be something...
Steve has one as well apparently
I can just imagine a evga 7950 xtx😭
Did Steve pass you his Not 4090? Kinda strange how you both have one at the same exact time...
Those cables are probably for their future psu.
EVGA should do a graphic card from all manufacturer in 5 year …  Just keep their skill sharp on the back and see how it will work. Nvidia seem to want to get rid of their board partner or relegate them to low quality product … Next card won’t be an Nvidia that’s sure …
honestly one of the best looking cards I have seen in a long time :(
Eevn tho EVGA is out of the GPU market, I would still support them for their other PC parts. Thank you for the integrity EVGA.
im proud of my evga rtx 3060ti it is awesome still!
Their exit still makes me so sad. I went EVGA for my last four GPUs
EVGA + Intel for their ARC cards = win? Intel being new to the market EVGA could bring a lot to the table to make their cards actually competitive and give NVIDIA something to sweat about.
This awesome I hope EVGA make GPU great again for AMD and hopefully Intel when they get drivers sorted out because my EVGA 1080ti ftw3 is getting new thermal pads and paste
Wouldn't it be funny if EVGA already has the Radeon card in the works, and is waiting until release date to reveal their new flagship.
I dunno.. his comment about convincing EVGA to make AMD cards… how he looked at the camera… he’s hiding something… perhaps he’s made a blood oath to keep his mouth shut about something else that was discussed during the big meeting. Mark my words, there will be a video in the future with Jay saying he was told about the dropping of Nvidia for AMD and he can finally talk about it.  It. Will. Happen.
Evga is non existent in Asian and Indian markets, I really don't know how are they that big.
EVGA  did the right thing walking off from the whole NVIDIA fiasco and their stupid ass melting power connector. I would definitely buy an EVGA graphic card should they partner with AMD and build their RX 7000 Series.
Wow! EVGA did everything right with this card, and would have been the gold standard.
i want a evga 4090=(
Have not owned EVGA product before, but it doesn't require a smart person to know that this card worth its weight in gold. It is extremely rare item, take good care of it.
That's a very valuable card; collectors would be jealous.
God dammit, what a freekin tragedy they built the best card to date and then didnt produce it.....  on another note what is that big as$ screen on your desk?
"Now if we can just convince them to start making AMD cards"  EXACTLY!!!!
Oh Shiz Jay! You deserve it since you really are "Real Peeps" I know cause we talked about it ^^ Oh crap I so would have got that card!
i hope EVGA goes AMD
EGVA was the only brand I used when going green.  I can't go a different brand for NiVidia.  Sorry.   Seeing this card just wants to make me cry 😭😭
I have 10 2-8's I will trade you for that.
Great score Jay✊👍😇! Awesome aesthetics this time around from EVGA 🥰🤩🤯! This model from EVGA and the MSI Suprim Liquid X have my love in aesthetics this generation 🥰🥰. RIP EVGA 😇
7:43 E-pox
Not gonna say I'm not Jelly... I am damn it
I  thought this GPU literally only existed in a different timeline.
EVGA is a real one. What a treat, treasure that card Jay
You have a QS 4090 not an early ES... Steve did a teardown of his card.
EVGA make some AMD cards please.
It looks like it is from The Matrix. Awesome design, I had enever looked at EVGA as being a specially good manufacturer like I see now after so much buz about the split.
This is depressing. Such a beautiful card. I hope you're happy Nvidia...
Maybe Intel will partner with evga...
I am so sad that they got out of the market :/
I love how it says next gen graphics 🤣🤣🤣
I would like to have one of this evga 4090 not 4090 to replace my 3050
I will not buy another graphic card again for my entire life without EVGA
Can I have a 3090 or a 3090ti?
It's a piece of art Anyone wish to keep it!
17:15 EVGA, You are the masters of your craft. You could literally change the game by making AMD cards. Might be something to think about going forward.
Looks like a great cooler design for a 8950 XTX
If only EVGA started working with AMD... But they can't.  Linus said it perfectly on WAN show "Nvidia never forgives, Nvidia never forgets". Going against a giant like Nvidia may screw them up a whole lot in future even if they don't touch the GPU market ever again
EVGA AMD cards would dominate
😢😢😢😢 I am so sad. This card is amazingly good. Wish I have one. Whyyyyyyyyyyy???!!!!!😊
F, wish they still made graphics cards they were the best.
Damn between evga and strix both looks incredible, love the box shapes, they are like saphire cards. Last gen strix looked weird and uneven but those 4090 cables look dogsht
Not gonna lie, hearing the news about EVGA was like a kick in the balls mixed with a broken heart, just like many others I was a loyal costumer for well over a decade, now I regret selling my 980, I won't be selling my 2080 though. You have a wonderful piece of art for your wall now Jay, thanks for sharing!
Rip EVGA damnit damnit damnit I hate Nvidia
My only wish is that EVGA wound somehow make a deal with Nvidia and produce this card!! Such a huge waste if engendering excellence from EVGA!!! Amazon products as always!!
Jays... just curious.... how much would you ask to think about selling?? realistically... lets say to make a donation or something meaningful... or tell the price you wouldn't...
Honestly, with all the issues 4090s are having atm EVGA would have been the only company I could see myself trusting. I lean harder AMD every day, just waiting on those benchmarks to come out from people just like you, Jay. But man, gonna be a close one this time.
I really hope EVGA teams up with AMD for next gen.  I would 100% buy their top tier card on day one.     I think AMD would overtake the market share of that happened.
My last 3 cards have been EVGA... Its too bad they exited the market, but I'm glad they exposed nVidia's shady tactics.  It's cool that EVGA sent these to the GPU nerd channels. ;)
Jay should stand in front of EVGA's headquarters holding a boombox over his head to convince them to make AMD GPU's.
i went oooooohhhhh myyyyy gawwggggg when i sae 3000mhz in precison wtf . yhat thing is a beaut
I'd love to see them go with AMD now :(
Yes please, convince EVGA to switch to team red !!! I'd buy one in a heart beat!
This is something I can imagine showing up in pawn stars in 40 years from now.
this makes me love my EVGA graphics card even more
I am glad you got this card and not Linus, he would most likely end up breaking it/dropping it
Instant collecters' item
Woah! Steve has it too!
That is a beautiful piece of art you have. If EVGA does start making cards for AMD I'll be switching with my future purchases. I've been an AMD fanboy since 2002 when I bought a Duron 1GHz CPU, and had an ATI Radeon 9600 SE GPU. The reason was because AMD has always been more bang for your buck. I wasn't just blindly sticking to a brand, but rather it's price to performance.   After I realized how bad the Catalyst drivers were I switched to Nvidia, and never really looked back because they just worked. I'd love to say my next GPU will be AMD, but since I can't afford the newer cards I'll have to stick to a previous gen RTX card. Most likely a 2060 if I can afford one. If that's the case it'll definitely be an EVGA one if they're still available. My GTX 1660 has been rock solid for the past few years, and I love it, but since I'm upgrading to an R5 5600 I'll have to buy a GPU that suits it better.
It’s not one of the sexiest 4090 cards made.
👍👍❤️❤️❤️
Love my evga 3070ti but wish I had that led on the OC and normal mode switch!
If I had the money, this would be the 4090 I would buy, really none of the rest of them really speak to me because of how poorly laid out they are (I need my other PCIE slots, and I need it to not be resting wires against the side of my case)
They never will
Def should make amd cards, would love to see how they would compare to Sapphire, more competition
that fans,,, just why....
Evga seems like the type of company that would make Intel cards next year.....0_0
EVGA is the G.O.A.T !! ... Can we make a petition for Elon to buy NVIDIA and sell it for $5 ... to EVGA?
I am going to miss evga video cards they were one of my favs
Yeah, the card is sexy, and don't get me wrong, Phil is a great camera guy, but no one films a sexy piece of PC hardware like Dmitry from Hardware Canucks. He's concerningly good at it.
My current card is an EVGA 1070.  It was the one where we had to take it apart to replace the thermal pads.  It was the first time I ever took apart a video card.  I followed Jayz instructions as well as the instructions that came with the card.  I was so scared and so excited at the same time.  EVGA said if I screwed up, they would still honor the warranty.  Still working to this day.  I'll probably never let go of that thing, just because of the work I put into it.  But to have that last run card; I would cherish that greatly.
This is the best looking 4090 hands down no question about it.
"Pulling out ?". Jesus Jay. Its fallout!.
I GOTTA GET IT!!!!! AHHHH MY COLLECTION!!!
Put enough EVGA stickers on a card and it becomes an EVGA card.
End of the road (i started crying)  so sad 😥
EVGA gpu’s will be sorely missed
NVIDIA can't eat a        .... fill in the blank. I really wanted to get an EVGA card. I hope that they come around and build some for team red when they can do so legally. Oh and NVIDIA im taken bets on how long it takes for you to crash and burn. NOT IF..WHEN
EVGA knew already the best place to put the power cables is in the back,  this makes me sad that we will never have another EVGA gpu but if they move over to AMD imma buy it
EVGA getting out of GPU market gives me a BFG feel. Hope that is not the case.
😶
This makes me so sad. :(
Big L Nvidia, you lost many big friends over this mistake
omg, this looks way sleeker than any of the existing 4090s
Once upon a time, the power connectors were always on the back like that. They were moved I suspect because it was easier to slap massive coolers on tiny PCBs with the power connectors on the “spine” of the card like that.
All this video is, a bragging video 🤦
Every evga fan boy : "I hate Jay"
I own a ROG card but damn does this make me want an evga
Hey Jay . Did the card have screws holes near the power plug to fit the powerlink 41s ?
Imagine if EVGA made AMD and Intel cards that would be awesome
Pitty :(
this means that EVGA spent millions and still told NVIDIA to go screw themselves.
You see a Not 4090 and I see a 3990 T-Aye
This just makes me even more sad about evga being gone from gpus I have always been a evga guy I will miss them
️😊"The face of a person who remains at the age of twenty, It's a gift of nature The face of the age of thirty is a product of the ups and downs of life, But the face of the age of fifty is one's own earnings."
the 90 series card looks comical at this point.
Gee, finally a graphics card that has the power connector(s) in the correct location
I think I would amd if they did
already watched Steve's vid on this - will skip yours (usually how 60% of your vids play out for me..... )*smh*
Why is it we always lose out on amazing things because some companies are fucking stupid
1080ti KINGPIN IS GOAT 👑😫🐐
8:33: You should've had an English voiceover, like they do when the Queen rolled up in her car to an event. “And, here we have the Royal Parade…” 🧐
God that is a gorgeous card
It’s insane that they made a working BIOS for a dead card. 0 reason to do so, so it has to have been an enthusiast decision. Very cool
seriously have zero interest in the 4090, but if this EVGA was out I would have considered down the road. We've lost a great horse in the race
Am glad I still have my 980 ti and 1080 ti from evga
What an awesome way to end out an era.
An evga GPU without the fan bumps was all I wanted :( now I'll never get it
And it's completely usable too, even if it just has a vbios from a founders with a prototype cooler, so sad not having EVGA on the game anymore, this gpu truly feels above the competition.
As a EVGA 3090 FTW3 owner, I wish EVGA had stayed in the nVidia ecosystem.  Their cards were great quality and had lots of thos quality-of-life additions (like ICX etc) that really helped push the card ahead of the competition. Gread vid, thanks for showing the not-4090 to us!
Sigh...i'm going to go  cry😭
What does “tie the bracket in” mean.
It's the EVGA RTX Fauxty-90 FTW3 Ultra!
take the power connectors off all together and hard solder the wires on
I'm an EVGA fan myself.  The fact that they were pulling out of the graphics card game was the beginning of dark times i tell you.  You know what would be the best plot twist.. EVGA makes their own cards that takes over the whole GPU game.
when I look at MSI Afterburner and then EVGAs tool, it feels like comparing a 1950 punchcard interface with a modern Windows interface. And look how clean that thing is...nothing feels cluttered or out of place. I love it - amazing work!
That thing is so sleek. I wish other companies would make more cards with simple, elegant designs like that.
AMD + EVGA = heaven  I made a kingpin wall myself ima wait till the newest cards are irrelevant 🙃
It’s a tragedy
This is such a cool card! I think the last sentence of the video says it all though!
Goes to show how difficult Nvidia is to work with that evga totally stopped making graphics cards
That thing is a literal gold mine. Talk about hitting the jackpot!
Good night sweet Prince...  We barely knew you...
Gamers Nexus got one to he also took it apart
Nvidia is like the abusing dad and evga (the abused offspring) just left. RIP EVGA grafics may the kid stay strong and outgrow/preform the parent
Put it on Ebay for $1M and someone will snag it off
Looks like an iteration from the 30-series.
Which monitor are you using in this presentation?
rip
I hate that this love letter to gamers is a swan song.
What for the 50 series they gonna put 5
I ended up buying exclusively EVGA my last upgrade cycle, exclusively. Now? I am wondering what to do. Going AMD for all purchases in the future.
YES! Make AMD cards EVGA...... please
I got chills thinking about having an AMD EVGA FTW GPU....
You suck! 🌀😬🥴😞
This video made me sad. Simply the best looking card this generation and most feasible to own, and here we are...
I hope evga will partner with amd for cards ive always had evga or rog cards so sad to see them go
Cool that evga stood up to what was going on, because of that and nvidia's other issues going to start giving amd a chance again.
As an avid  collector of nvidia engineering samples, i am very jelous
"Tooling the robots."  You mean the underpaid, almost slave Chinese workers that assemble the world's technology?  If so, sure, they're "robots."
My question is how quiet can you get the fans to operate while maintaining that score or as close to it as possible.  If you can run the fans at 50% to 60% with a 20,000 score.............. o m g  You have a cool piece of history my friend.... definitely one for the wall :)
Yes Jay... push for EVGA RX 7900 XTX
Call it, THE moment the 4090 meltdown problem is truly solved, EVGA announce AMD quantum hyper thread ripper. :P  I can dream.
GOD I WISH THEY MADE IT
Wait. Nvidia dropped a hot driver for the 30 series?
That is a gorgeous card, and I'm really glad you got one. We all know how much of a fan boy you are for EVGA, so it has found the perfect home. :) It's sad that nVidia  hasn't been doing right by their AIBs to the point they lost EVGA. One of my favorite cards back in the day was the EVGA GeForce 6800XT, and their 10 series cards were awesome.  This is the end of an era and thanks to you, we get a chance to see what might have been.
EVGA is for real PC gamers. Ngreedia is for miners and resellers.
I want them to partner with Intel and AMD and bring this level of engineering to them. With Intel being somewhat of a newcomer it would be nice to see them work with EVGA to bring out the potential of their cards.
I still wish EVGA would just make Radeon cards now. I'd love an EVGA designed Radeon card.
Cant EVGA make cards for AMD now?
EVGA made the better card for sure. Shame the other companys wont catch up to common sense & KISS for quite some time.
Most of my cards are EVGA. I hope they'll make their own card. They don't need Nvidia or AMD.
Fuck. Yes.
I'm waiting for the Nvidia 4000 card rider on your house insurance policy, and a waiver that they don't cover fire insurance if you have a 4000 without the rider.
Ahh what could have been...not that I had $2000 lying around, but still.
What happened with that bent bracket?  😂
No. Fucking. Way.
Looks like the perfect next iteration of the 3090ti design. If they had made this, it would have been the model I'd have been terribly tempted to waste a boatload of cash on. Though everytime I think it would be cool to have a 4090, I see more of the early adopter headaches and am very glad I went with the 3090ti instead. At least it was proven and tested. Best of luck to the adventurous sorts willing to suffer through this nonsense so that later on we can play with it all with peace of mind.
I really respect EVGA for stepping away from a "Toxic Relationship". Hoewever, I really hope it doesnt hurt the company, nor its growth in the long term. Which I am not too sure of at the moment.
I'm so jealous.
EVGA's final gift, and it's a beautiful one 🙏
holy f that 4090 hella sexy OMG i actually want to buy that card .... im sad
I want to see EVGA join Team Red and make amd cards. Bring Vince along and bring out a 7950xtx for 1300 bucks and it curb stomps the 4090 and is only made by evga. I would be okay with that.
The Plug is not on the back Jay.. it's on the sides xd The plug that is on the back (the only one I so far have seen) That would be the Aorus Gigabyte Project Stealth 4090
Just want to clarify, this is AN engineering sample.. Not "THE" as in "THE ONLY".. Clearly, Gamers Nexus and other youtube techie outlets have the same card... (side note, knowing that.... everyone should do an OC challenge with them and see whos is the best, and then sell it to me)
that stupid 16 pin is the power limiting factor id say. too small of pin to be pushing massive voltage.
Oh Jay, I have white jealous any way enjoy :)
EVGA was always quality. Sad.
Very cool bro.
I used to think Jay was just annoying with his staunch support of EVGA, but after all of this drama, I can say I wish I supported them more based on how strong their ethics run their privately held company.
The best nvidia 4090 that nvidia will never have anything to do with
That would be cool if you took a radiator fin tool and straightened the fins, like you could for a vehicle, for extra sleekness. Even though it wouldn’t hugely impact it’s performance. Unless it’s kept merely for it originality to product given
The only way I'm moving to amd gpus is if evga makes them. I would make that move really fast too
im jelly
Can you please upload on Rumble? Genuinely tired of YouTube.
This breaks my freaking heart. Pour out one for evga. 😥
ive only ever bought EVGA cards for like the past 12 years. i love the brand
If EVGA made AMD cards I would defect immediately.
I wanted a Evga but with them stop producing GPU’s I wasn’t sure about warranty so I only got one of their PSU’s
Don't take this wrong. You are one lucky bastard. Please don't give up on EVGA partnering with AMD or Intel. Keep the buzz in their ears for us all. We deserve experiencing the EVGA quality of GPUs.
EVGA Rubbing salt into Nvidia wounds!
EVGA should make their own GPUs
Wow this is epic. You are LUCKY.
RIP EVGA 4090
Make a poll: Would you like to see EVGA making AMD cards?
Long live EVGA Baby
Jay can you do an overclocking guide for 30 series? (3060ti) you have such a knack for teaching.
Sooooo, where can I get it?
EVGA, miss them, they made really solid, beautiful GPU's ..too bad they won't make AMD cards
I just shake my head at the size of video cards and the amount of power cables needed. Silly and rediculus.
OMG!! It is 'NOT' an evga 4090 FTW3. But it is really fantastic. And I also wanna have it.
I'm happy for your happiness!
I can’t tell if it’s the ole I can’t have it so I want it more or the I wanted it and now I can’t have it so I want it more….. damn you Nivida!
My first Graphics Card in a system I built was a Matrox Millennium in 1998 which was before EVGA was making GPU's.  And since 1999 with RIVA TNT,  there has only been EVGA GPU's in my systems.  Even now I am running a 3080 FTW3. EVGA will be missed and I will most likely jump ship to Radeon.  This card would have been a dream to own.
RIP EVGA Videocards. The brand we indeed needed but had enough of Nvidia. Which is fair. Thanks for your service EVGA.
17:15 I'd want them to start making AMD AND Intel cards... really stick it to Nvidia!
100s of other tech channels are chomping at the bit with this right now 😂
EVGA is already goatted, but if they make AMD cards they will be giga chad himself.
That is AWESOME!  EVGA will be missed in the GPU game!
I really did love the 30 series shrouds and that Not 4090 shroud looks even more sleek albeit "huge" like the real 4090 cards. That is the only design I have seen that I liked this generation. Shame.
I clicked this video thinking that this would be really cool, and it was. But now I am sad.
Rip Nvidia EVGA :<
Jay what monitor are you running in the video?
Still cool to see. Thanks for showing the collectors item card.
I honestly don't know what I'm gonna do next time I upgrade because I've been using EVGA Nvidia cards forever and I don't really want to try another brand
i'm still sad that we wont see more EVGA GPUs. i put my EVGA 3080 into my PC finally and it unveiled a whole bottleneck of case airflow i now have to solve LOL
There was a person who commented on one of ur 4090 vids. The person commented “imagine if there is an EVGA 4090 locked away and we would never see it”.
My first EVGA card was my 3080. Now they are no more.
AMD PARTNER WITH EVGA AND GIVE THEM TOTAL CONTROL ON WHAT THEY WANT TO DO AND THEN HAVE A KING PIN CARD FROM AMD!!!! ALLOW THEM TO MOD IT TO HIGH HEAVEN !!!!
I was finally going to start buying evga cards and then they fucking don't make them anymore lol their cards look amazing
9:43 What does he mean with that ?
I’ve been exclusively purchasing EVGA cards since my first build with 9800 GTX. I’ve used the 90-Day step up before to go from a 1070 to a 1080ti and now I’m on a 3080 FTW3. Gonna miss them but I also realize we are also losing EVGA Precision tool as well. Big sad.
I've been an EVGA fan boy since my 9800GTX+ treated me so well lol
So, the comment at the end of your video would be a pipe dream. An even bigger pipe dream would be to see them develop their own GPU, much like Intel did. I think if I’m a few years they announced that they are going to make their own, everyone would come over in droves to buy an EVGA GPU. They truly are an incredible brand and it’s unfortunate to see them leave the GPU market.
I am slightly confused when I am seeing "news" that the desktop PC is dead and small form factor is the new "black". I have several full size PCs and more laptops than the average computer geek. This is mostly tongue in cheek, but I can't see those video cards going into a small form factor PC. I am going to age myself here but someone should mod a small form factor PC with a big video card like that, it would be like seeing a blower sticking out of the hood of a Yaris/Vega.
I want one
An EVGA 7950 XT FTW Would be awesome!!!
Cmon EVGA.  We love you.  Team up with AMD.
Evga should either go amd or throw us all a curveball and go full Intel. It would give Intel a huge leg up toward getting their cards more mainstream. To be fair Intel hasn't made anything I'm interested so far with their gfx cards but give them time. I'm sure they will dazzle us in a few generations.
Wilst i have been a fanboy of ltt... I have always watched you Jay... sometimes people get too big... I'm sure you appreciate that... but the love of cars and the honesty that you bring to your brand...top dollar mate... Will keep watching you... and by the way...if you want to approach the UK market... say no more...
im also a huge evga gpu fan and i am really sad that i won't get the future gen :(
i've been watching your content for years now. don't know how i wasn't subbed. just subbed though!!! :D
They'll be back
It's the best looking one!
MO POWAH BABEH.   PROBABLY a 4090 I would buy. If only....
This is such a tragedy. Nobody has, does or ever will make cards quite as well as EVGA did. I know they're still around and making other products, but I feel like we lost something irreplaceable.
april fool
I really hope AMD's and EVGA's paths will cross. I would LOVE to buy a 7900 XTX or another future card by EVGA !!!
dang, miss EVGA they are the best looking GPUs ever.
People would have been all over Evga 4090
very nice too see it "j"
Another EVGA fanboy here.  Truly saddened. Thanks for sharing card 1/0
That is one of the sexiest card I've ever seen.
Just the fact that EVGA had the thoughtfulness to put the jack on the back means im extra sad that we cant get that card.
This is the Brand that I trust all the time.. 🥲
Dude just the PWR slot is a factor why it is ahead from everyone else
EVGA were the best GPU makers..a bigger loss than Nvidia realize....Asus are now the only brand I would bother with
I've owned more than one of every gpu evga has ever made. I've bought them all with my own money...never received  a free one for " a good review"  As a system builder their customer service was superior...their gpus however were not. Every generation of their gpus has had issues. A quick trip to their forums is proof enough. This gpu here has Entry level components..nothing special. Makes no sense to cry over spilled milk.
An EVGA AMD card. That would be insane. Probably would tip the scales even more.
This is killing me! I am such an EVGA fanboy! I am so broken that I will not be able to buy an EVGA 4090ti hybrid FTW3!  Was waiting with cash.............. Killing me!!!
I has a sad for what once was, but maybe AMD could woo them?
the 40 series would have been the greatest release from EVGA, and Nvidia killed that opportunity. Really going to miss their cards, might just have to hold on to the 3080 as long as possible ;)
damn I miss evga.. I bought  a 760 and  then was able  to upgrade to a 970 that  card last me  for  years.  Not sure if there is a brand  that  is as  good ..
The moment EVGA ever reconsiders to go back to the graphics card market, I will buy immediately.  But right now, I just feel sad. EVGA, please come back.
So they could license that patent for everyone else as an extra revenue stream?
Evga nvidia graphics were the best. Hope one day the relationship could be mended as I never found AMD graphics cards that great there always lagging behind on something. AMD drivers often suck
So sad. I only bought EVGA cards.
This broke my heart
The amount of clickbate that title has makes me want to unsubscribe.
Only GPU with alimentation on side... they knew!
bums me out EVGA is out
bootleg 4090 hyype
Is this the same card shared between channels, or did more than one go out?
I do not feel ashamed at being this petty. I get joy hearing that people who paid Nvidia absurd amounts of money for a bucket of sand are having issues or not even using the product out of fear. I have a 1070. You don't need a 4090. If you're making money with a GPU and think you need a 4090 you should look into the Enterprise cards, they might give you far greater value than a 4090.
It would be cool if they just sold coolers for Founders cards.
I would buy an EVGA AMD card without hesitation. You guys need a tester send one over. NVIDIA's marketing and features haven't blown me away. My last AMD card the X1950XT was far worse though but I feel like it's a great time to try an AMD card again. My 3800X has been doing pretty well.
that ROG card is literally an Xbox one almost in size...shits nuts
That pretty awesome jay. You got hold of a peice of evga history there. Treasure it XD
02:10 that B roll should be in triple X website...
EVGA IS SOO COOL FOR THIS <3
EVGA not making Nvidia cards anymore is such a bummer and the reason I am going Radeon to replace my EVGA 1080ti FTWIII  Hybrid
what if evga knew the Power cables were going to be faulty and didnt want this deal with all the power cables burning
That is one cool Evga card! I think we all want it 😩
Had discussions with people who claimed EVGA were lying about having produced early 4090s before pulling out of their Nvidia partnership, claiming it was impossible given the dates given. Nice to have a video with proof that these cards actually exist, just for that.
As soon as I heard tha EVGA was pulling out of the graphics market, I bought a 3080Ti from them. I wanted to have one last thing from them.  Hope EVGA reconsiders and joins AMD.
i always get evga cards and damn man..that bad boy looks sleek
I have to say this would have been the best looking 4090
I so wanted a 40 series hydro copper
1:06 awesome "pulling out" sound effect
That's awesome to have. congrats
Tell EVGA to go AMD.
That will be a very valuable collectors edition both now and in the future. Software working or no it would be worth a fortune.
Damn 😢I thought that was a joke 😮…….They broke up with🤬
Didn't EVGA stop making gpus once before many years ago. Am I not remembering correctly?
Man I want EVGA to make AMD cards, even if they don't do high even (so there's less stress) and just stick to x500/x600/x700 mid range cards for a while till both parties are happy
EVGA should partner with AMD and Intel.... If they are more open-minded than Nvidia.
Come to AMD 😢
Honestly EVGA should have stayed in the game making 500 collectors cards for 1k above ask
I love EVGA. I hate they dropped out of GFX but considering how nvidia has been acting I see why they dropped out, especially with the 7900XTX aiming for the 4080 and these power connectors.
Yeah, and I bet NVidia still holds back FPS. VIA. drivers so if they need to widen the gap on AMD. it will just be a driver update away,...!!!???
EVGA WE MISS YOU!!! Please come back with an awesome AMD...
Nvida done messed up EVGA was always a great Brand Supplier, Every GPU I bought with my own Money was EVGA.
I am sad because that's the 4090 I would have purchased. (Prob. best performance, and nicest looking GPU's.)
AMD EVGA Cards would be year 2023 sweet!!!!
I don't know what's keeping them from making AMD cards. They already make AMD motherboards. I love their GPU's, but they had to make a move that felt right to them.
Oh shit I surely I need EVGA
I keep saying it and I will continue to, so glad I got a FTW3 30 series card it now being the final iteration. Looking thru all the different AIB offerings the EVGA cards were always my favorite besides ROG. I'll never get rid of it...
Well as much as you like EVGA,... I would have to say they must like you also lol. :)
That's actually REALLY awesome they....didn't gove you a 4090 for your collection. Congratulations Jay!
That card is beautiful!
I'm going to hug my EVGA 3080 FTW3 a little harder tonight.
If EVGA made an AMD card I'd buy it. Even if I have to sell my kidneys and liver
Honestly speaking - With the sad happenings of EVGA not making graphic cards any longer, and after extensive research, I am seriously debating on changing over to a AMD fan boy. What has conspired over the past few months, I think honestly that EVGA was done wrong, and had to move on from what they really was know for. Quality and valuable graphic cards. My heart is actually been ripped apart in this matter. I wish that EVGA had made the 4090 for us, but understand completly why they did not. I hope some day, maybe, that EVGA will return, but until then, I feel that no other companies made good graphic cards as EVGA. MAYBE - EVGA WILL MAKE AMD CARDS!!! HOLY HELL, I WOULD BE ON THAT BAN WAGON!!! <3 <3
This is so sad because that looks like it would've been the best 40 series card. EVGA made the best gpus... They just need to go to AMD and then I'll go back to AMD graphics
Nvidias last driver update doesn’t work very well with the buggy modern warfare 2
Can we stop calling these cards and bricks instead
if this goes to amd, it will sell like crazy...
Well the fact that NVIDIA does ALL the work to create the technology and ALLOW other companies the opportunity to make a product based off their technology is usually unheard of in any manufacturer world. People need to have a realistic view on the fact without NVIDIA. Evga, msi, zotac, and anyone else wouldn't have anything to sell GPU wise. They are all piggybacking off the work someone else did and paid to do. It would be like if Sony licensed their PS5 hardware so other companies could make a similar PS5 of their own brand
what monitor on this video? i want to buy the same monitor! please help me
and intel cards.
just put strix bios on your suprim, did that on my gaming trio and works great, pulls 575 watts while OC
Welp, I just lost a bet. I was sure that Linus would get ahold of one first given that he has a collection of GPU's that have never made it into the market.🙃
If AMD was smart, they would partner with EVGA and work closely with them to identify exclusive things they might've picked up by working with nvidia for so long.
Already missing EVGA cards after this video. If wishes could be full filled.
Beautiful card. Shame that we can't have it.
This is probly EVGA's gift to all the fans as a last HOORAH, but also a tease that hurts. That boi THICC, Gonna Miss ya EVGA.
Come make the 7900xtx EVGA!!! I’m hopping on board asap! Do it! We will miss you so much EVGA 🫣
EVGA graphics card were the most trustworthy cards in the business. It’s very sad that NVIDIA let EVGA go as a partner.
Broke my heart, I've had nothing but EVGA cards since forever.
There's time for EVGA to make a comeback for the next AMD cards in 2024
Who's the coolest kid on the block, huh?
EVGA will always get my money when it comes to GPUs. Praying they reconsider
This isn't the end of the road. This is the dirt trail beyond the "Road Closed" sign. And that makes me sad. 😢
You lucky som bitch!  That is super cool.
Time for EVGA to take AMD to new heights?
If  EVGA makes AMD cards, Nvidia is F'd
mb
1:08 ah no you didnt have to make that sound after saying "pulling out" lmfao
AMD or Intel.
So sad. They were my first choice for a 4000 series card.
Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh I want that card so bad….
Wonder if EVGA has got unlimited bios somewhere for this card. As its Engineering Sample and all. And I think they are no longer bound by nVidia's rules, they dont need to care about "loosing access to gpu's"
I ❤️  EVGA RTX 3080 FTW3  other than the fan that died and I have to RMA my card. Wish they would just send me a replacement fan so I don't have to switch to GTX 1050 while my son uses my RX5700.
Great White Buffalo.
😢 I miss EVGA every day.
5080
EVGA AMD CARDS - YES PLEASE
I bet some ambitious guy at EVGA will send you something under the cover of night to fix that power slider...   ...you've set the bait...
and a big shoutout to PCI-SIG, Nvidia and Dell for the 12VHPWR connector fiasco..  After I upgrade my Z390 mobo to a Z590, I might look into a 40 series GPU, but that's down the road when tax returns are deposited next year. I'm happy and content with my 3080 Ti.
could you teardown this card? really interest on the the pcb of this card
hmm just a guess but maybe it's allowing way to much spike voltage through and causing a jump on the connector that isn't rely made to handle inconsistent draw.
Daaaaamn, EVGA got out at the right time, but this in still so beautiful, like a wonderful dream that never was.
It for me, is the best Not A 4090 ever made.
God, I'm so jealous. That thing is so small and yet so powerful. EVGA made such great cards, and seeing them leave the market is just sad.
If EVGA starts building Amd cards i will buy it in a heartbeat
It's a damn shame. My last 2 gpu's were EVGA and I have never had a porblem with them.
What a great card to raffle off for charity :)
I had a 3070 with a stilt bracket under it and it still sagged super bad. I ended up buying an entire new case to mount it vertically. That leash is one of the sillier things I've seen in the past few years though. Very happy with my corsair 7000D.
Fuck this card is mega collector !
1,200 points IS A LOT.
I dont want an AMD card. But if EVGA made one, I would buy it.
They were going to make the best 4090 card but Nvidia couldn't get their head out of their own ass
This card will be worth so much money as a collectors item. Like it'd easily sell for 5-10x what it'd normally cost.
Benchmark or bye useless video
Im soo jelly. it is beautiful. congrats jay on getting one of a few ever made!
Good call not using the card very lucky to have it and one day it might be holy grail it is shame after 10+ years I was gonna build a comp for me and my son and go evga for the card such shame to lose a good company.
My evga 3090 comes off the top
THat is the back of the card? I always thought it was the front....
I believe EVGA dodged a bullet with the 40 series cards. Probably saw it coming.   Let's hope for an AMD GPU stealth launch on December
The phoenix edition? lol What happened to kingPin?
What monitor r u using
What a beutiful card, I wish EVGA success in their future endeavors!
what monitor is that? i like it
i don't like the thumbnail or this video
One of only few...it only makes sense Jay gets it. Certainly a museum piece.
evga + Amd, i would not mind that at all
Such a beautiful card. Good on you Jay for getting one and showing it to us.
EVGA AMD cards? I'd buy in a heartbeat
On a completely unrelated note, anyone getting wild scan lines at 02:18 in the video when they pan across the radiator?  My monitor goes nuts for some reason at that moment.
I have EVGA 1060 that got fried couple days ago. Made me sad because was first new card I ever bought. Long story short a piece metal fell on top of it while was on in a pc and went out instantly. Wonder if worth fixing it or just put it in shelf for display.
Idk if its just me but up until recently I had a EVGA 3070ti FTW3 in my PC. I honestly hate the way the EVGA cards looked. Especially compared to the ASUS ROG 3090 OC white graphics card. Another really good one is the Gigabyte Vision 3090 which is the card I am using at the moment. The Game Rock 3090ti also looks really good. But ya I hated how the EVGA cards looked in the past but you are right about one thing. Even just making a few changes like getting rid of the E on the fan blades has made the card look a lot better. I also think the RGB on the not 4090 looks way better than the RGB on the 30 series cards. But ya I think the ASUS ROG stuff is my favorite it all looks so good. But I think if Corsair started making cards and motherboards I would be set. Their stuff always looks slick and really good plus then I would be able to control everything through IQUE.
What a beautiful card. By far the best looking 4090!
Hope EVGA comes back to making graphics cards in some form
evga always makes the better card - there is no question - losing them is a huge loss
I was also sad to hear that evga was not making nivida cards I have a 960, 1660 super and was going to buy a 3060ti at launch but couldn't get one so I ended up with a gigabyte eagle worst choice I've ever made bad air flow I never had problems with over heating  on my evga cards.
That is now a LEGENDARY and historical card.💯
what does it show up as in gpu z
EVGA X AMD
aha!....so EVGA pulled a WWE move and are comming out with the chair with an actual release of 40 series....
Is that yours next gen monitor? Damn it's big asf
Lmfao pulling out.
This would have been THE card to own this gen. What a shame.
Ugh, the feels are real on this 😢
Why not just partner with AMD or Intel, or is it a 'conflict of interest' thing?
Send it to me for repair when it breaks 😂
This just shows how much EVGA "gets it" and loves their reviewers even if they critique them harshly.
Why are these being sent out..?
I wish EVGA would just make thier own line of graphics cards neverminded making AMD cards. We could use more  competition.
Looks like Steve got one too.  Nice looking graphics cards!
I legit want to cry.
I STILL WANT, The FANS on the top side.. reverse the build of the card, so we cand Clean them Easily. Even if you Use the Fans to PULL air threw, insted of Blow thru.  Its a Larger OUTTAKE then trying to Blow out the backside threw small holes.  And the Air path would Lead Straight up..
My last two graphics cards have been EVGA ... shame they are gone
No cap jay I'm in tears my friend.
How much Jay? HOW MUCH!
just imagine if EVGA made rdna3 cards.
I agree evga should go with amd I would love to have 7900 xtx hydro copper for my rig
I’ll be honest the main thing that would keep me from getting an evga card aesthetic wise was the herpes fans but having my 3080ti FTW3 ULTRA I am sad there will be no more gpus from EVGA
Take core from 4090 and solder it on to evga 3090 ti and you will have evga 4090.
EVGA making AMD cards would be awesome.
still can't buy a 4090. 2 min. at best.
I have not watched the video yet but if it is on the internet, then is true. :p
Your right, it’s not a 4090, it’s an AC unit lol  Heat only though 😂
I agree I also love evga. Sad that they aren’t making gpus anymore.
The very first GPU I ever got was a shitty zotac that... worked, but sure didn't work well. I was happy that I had my own PC, but that GPU was not great. The next time I went to go buy a GPU, I looked into things, and got offered a ZOTAC that was 2 generations behind. I opted not to, and instead grabbed the brand new EVGA (I think it was a 4XX? Been so long... probably a 460 or something). That card was great, and I loved it, and it was the first time I ever learned to actually look into the brands for your PC components. Don't grab the ZOTAC, grab the EVGA, cause that EVGA will work damn well.  (ZOTAC are... fine? Just not the best, and the one I got was a tad anemic.)
EVGA RX 7900 XTX....................... YESSSSSS we need this!
me thinks the voltage is fixed so the "not a 4090" cant make it high enough up the leaderboard that people will notice it
Imagine how many Nvidia EVGA buyers would go AMD for the first time in recent history. I want an egva 7900 xtx with a 450 watt budget. Could catch the 4090 for sure.
If they make an AMD card I will 100% change to AMD just to stick with them.
In the 900 series era, I went from being a HUGE Asus fanboy to EVGA. Haven't looked back since, and to be honest I think i'm hanging onto my 3090 FTW3 as long as I can. This is the first generation I haven't wanted to impulsively upgrade just because I could and I think a lot of that has to do with EVGA not being in the space anymore. Fanboy, yes, but for such good reasons. RIP, you shall be missed.     -     P.S. pretty pretty please shunt mod this card or talk them into giving you an unlocked Kingpin style BIOS. I would kill to see that video.
That last comment though... as soon as I heard about EVGA dropping Nvidia I thought if AMD isn't offering them whatever they want right now they are just dumb.
I like the herpes tho  (That sounds so weird lool)
In a few days my GTX690 will be 10 years old and still hanging in there at lowest settings for some fairly heavy modern games. It hasn't missed a beat as the EVGA card before that. I was planning an upgrade a while back but sourcing issues still prevent me some years later. It soldiers on, old faithful.  Genuinely sad to see them leave the market even if they have a solid case for doing so.  <fanboi cringe salute!>
that last statement though, I have been thinking soon as they moved from Nvidia is that they would move to work with AMD in making cards (hoping that AMD would release the reigns a little bit and let EVGA go back to the day of crazy awesome cards (to the need of 2 power supplies in today's measures xD) imagine a dual GPU card (sold in a water cooler config as it would need it at that point).
AMD! You have work to do!
Listening to the tone of your voice, yes sir. We are going to miss EVGA's graphics cards. If I were to be buying a 4090, it would have been the EVGA card.
all tech youtubers, i got something nobody else has...
EVGA could just make there own gpu and stick it to the man lol
"10 and 11 are tied". Lol. Thanks ESPN. That crap is still going. Lol
EVGA earned my respect when my 1080 died less than a year into ownership. I was able to EASILY RMA my card with 0 hassle and no questions asked other than what happened. No tomfoolery no BS just easy ship and receive RMA(unlike other companies I've dealt with..looking at you Logitech). Since then I've come to own a 1500 watt PSU over a year old 0 problems and a Kingpin 3090 GPU almost 2 years old 0 problems. I'm a diehard fanboy and I don't care. EVGA showed me what a company should be and how to handle customers. I'll always buy EVGA even if it's not GPUs. If they ever go team red or blue GPU you better bet your $$ I'll be picking one up. EVGA was the single handed reason I stuck with NVIDIA for so long. Now I have no loyalty to team red or blue so whoever has the best performance and price will earn my $$. Sad days.
Random rant, I dont like Asus logo specially the republic of gamers tag is cringe as fuck, i also dont like MSI dragon logo or GIGABYTE Aorus one, yes im one of that guy who doesnt like "gamer looks on things" so thats why im still not upgrading to the 40series because i always choose EVGA since the 10series, the only line of brand that looks clean for me is the gigabyte AERO line, shame they only do motherboards not GPU.
Already the best variant. EVGA was a god of NVIDIA's GPUs Nvidia is such a dummy... For real... Loosing EVGA was the derp move.
How do you know that yours is THE engineering sample?  Maybe the one that Steve @ GamersNexus just posted a video on was THE engineering sample.  I feel like you should probably have just said you had A engineering sample.
Hey Jay, I noticed the card has "FTW" on it.  With respect to the problems EVGA had with NVidea this could mean "Fornicate The (Whole) Workplace".  Just my warped mind in action.   I could never afford a card of this calibre but EVGA has definitely shown the world what could have been!   Drool, Drool.
There's a 1000w bios der8auer made a video about. Why don't you get it from him? You have a Strix card and he used a Strix in the video. Obviously you have to put it on water though. Idk if the bios will work on other 4090's.
Is there the slightest chance you could show us how to use the latest version of Precision X.  I just got two 3080s and it's changed so I am not sure how to use it now.
7900XTX FTW when?
Such a gorgeous card.. I hate that we may never see it in stores for purchase. Please EVGA work with AMD!
"slobber"
Why didnt evga goto AMD or Intel?
AMD pls work with these legend
Nvidia needs to stop being bullying clowns and should also release a truley unlocked driver for those who want to really overclock, it can void the warranty at least still make it available for those who want it,if we blow them up about it continuously we may just get it
I will continue to support EVGA with my money any way that I can.
I will forever cherish my memory of my first evga card which was the 1080ti sc black edition. That bad boy carried me all the way till the 3090 launch.
I would have been right in line on the evga forum like I was with the rtx 3090 for this, I really hope evga goes amd I will swap teams if evga does.
i do hope Evga can find a home with Amd and Intels gpu .
Oh man, you made it to the top of my google news page with this video.
in HVAC hardware store you will find a cheap "brush" used to comb these fins back to their straight position,
Had my issues with them for 30 series. I didn't wish for them to stop making them though. :(
Now im sad and would like that evga aio cooled
I am so angry you have that and I can't get it.
That's a really sharp looking super clean card if I may say so myself. I just watched Steve take the one he got apart and it's designed REALLY efficiently and super clean. Shame they aren't making it.. but it is what it is. I'm glad you got to get one!! Have fun with it! I didn't see his review, if you will, of it yet as far as performance.. that video, I suppose, hasn't come up yet.. Can't wat to see what you have for us on this one Jay!! Thanks so much for sharing it!
@9:34 when did Nvidia release a driver that boosted the 30 series? How did I miss this?
Loved my last EVGA's but Asus now
7:53 🤣 I would've loved to be a fly on the wall during that conversation with EVGA to see that "uhh, what?!" reaction lol
Boring... Change the name of the channel to evga channel... Boring...evga evga evga evga....boringggggggggggggg
EVGA will partner with AMD. Nvidia is at its limit with the RTX. The 3090 Cider Block is a dead end.
EVGA made a BEAUTIFUL pre-production card. Its a shame that we lost the king of the market for GPUs  Can we please go back to where the power pins were on the end of GPUs. yeah, you have to accommodate the extra space the cables take up, but cable management is just so much easier and it looks cleaner when the PCIE cables are not just in front of everything either above or below the GPU
Jay I know you don't want to send the "not 4090" back so please take a lot if pictures before you do.
After the fiasco which has been the 4000 series launch with all the videos, pictures and reports of cards catching fire...EVGA would have CLEANED UP with this card. They wouldn't have been able to handle the sheer volume of sales. This card is seriously a beast and it's just an engineering sample. Fuck scamVidia.
need a 4000 series with 8pin connectors
God it's amazing
My first EVGA card was the gtx260.  Ive never used another brand.  I have a 3080ti ftw3 and a 3070ti ftw3.  I hope last forever!
Even in prototype sample form; this card appears to be EVGA's mic drop as the crew exits the scene with their badass trenchcoats waving behind them as they walk against the wind.
EVGA just want to slap Nvdia face. I hope they go AMD
Gimmie,Gimmie!
I love the way it looks. I hated the way their RTX 3000 cards looked.
A came late to evga party was not until the 970 that started using them. I do like that design. I would liked to have seen that card in get produced
hows that  msi suprim liquid cooled card gonna do in 6 months over their 240mm and 360 radiators having defects and gunking up..is that going to effect their new 4090 ?? greg salazar , sciencestudios has been talking to msi and guess usa residents are ok on getting a new unit sent out but everybody else outside usa have hoops to jump thru or maybe not eligable...??? any info jay??
AMD EVGA :O
Yeah that sucks. On my third EVGA card in 7yrs. Nothing but praise for the reliability and performance on every card.
RIP EVGA's graphics card division.
I can only imagine the sense of very particular giddiness and joy that opening that box up felt like. Man...
WHAT IS THAT MONITOR?!? 9:50
it's like a found "lost track" from a rock star
Video makes me sad…. Reminds me we lost the good guys..
Jay with a PC that scores 27.100 "I'm nowhere near being in the top 100" - and then going "number 10 and 11 have 29.500" .... Me going "Well Jay that's pretty damn near considering all you did was move a few sliders on an early engineering sample 😀Being close to 8% off on GPU in a normal case - vs OC'ers who use exotic cooling - is actually insanely close m8 - engineering sample or not!" LOL
Nvidia was treating EVGA's 30 series orders and contract like crap. Nvidia didn't deliver their end. EVGA found where the GPUs went instead of to them and it destroyed their relationship. Entire 30 series SKUs have still not had 1 delivery from Nvidia to EVGA. Those promised GPUs can be found on Ebay sold by the thousands to miners.
The only brand to figure out where to put that damn power plug doesnt even sell the damn card!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's so beautiful compared to the clown parade that all the other third party cards are. Big shame they pulled the plug.
So this is farewell graphic cards from EVGA 🥲 hope they want to team up with team Red
Going to miss EVGA.   Other then the Star Wars Titan XP.  EVGA has been my go to for power supplies and video cards.  Currently using the EVGA 1300 watt power supply and EVGA 3090 FTW 3.  May have to go Asus for the 5090 unless they make some cool star wars edition.
EVGA hooking up with AMD would slap Nvidia right is the sack
I miss EVGA, if they would of released this, it would of been the one I picked up, EVGA was the first gpus I used for my first build and I would of loved to use their gpus again. Still so sad. If they went to AMD, they would be on top in not time in the AMD lineup.
EVGA please consider making AMD cards, that would be epic and make a lot of gamers verry happy.
I love how this whole scenario played out just like the stupid shiish Apple pulls on their partners.  EVGA: Hey Nvidia! We made an outright better version of your card with that devkit you sent us can w- nVidia: No. EVGA: But look it's right here, we even did the QA and all we need is the li- nVidia: No, make it terrible. EVGA: Fine, despite being your best selling partner, we'll never work with you again. Also here reviewers, proof nVidia are idiots, the best 4090 possible. nVidia: You can't call it a 4090! EVGA: Whatever. 🖕 Reviewers: This is great, why didn't you let them launch it? Consumers: Man all these other cards suck, why didn't you let EVGA launch this? nVidia: It's all EVGA's fault! They were being unreasonable! Everyone else: 🖕
As a huge EVGA fanboy myself. This video makes me happy. I was sad when I heard they were no longer going to partner with Nvidia. However Nvidia brought that on themselves. They lost the best board partner they had. No knock on Asus, MSI or anyone else. EVGA is just built differently.  Glad you got that card and made this video Jay.
This hurts me to my core to see, I want them to make that so bad
I am so sad I can't upgrade to that card. :(
What kinda monitor is that? It looks even bigger than my 38', unless you have a very small head.
Would have bought one the moment it was available... Such a shame to see EVGA go. EVGA has always been the best in my opinion.
Why do I get the feeling everything or at least some of the things Jay is singing the praises of are things Nvidia disapproved of and wanted changed prompting the separation?
I'd buy an EVGA RADEON graphics card.................
Rhaenys : The Queen Who Never Was EVGA : The 4090 That Never Was
Such a tease..  then the ad pops in just as the card shows.!!  Love ya evga!
Man, you're making me sad.
I would kill for that GPU.
With EVGA not making Nvidia gpu's anymore, I honestly don't know who I will buy from next.
Cool stuff Jay.
Does anyone think EVGA getting out of the card game means they'll fizzle out?
In my opinion, EVGA dodged a bullet JUST in time.
Why did you act like you had the only one when Gamers Nexus and others also have the exact same thing? Why cant tech tubers just be honest for once? It really is sad and is why i dont sub to any of these click bait liar channels. Jay, ever wonder how many others like me occasionally watch you, dont sub because of the constant click bait? Are you really so sure it actually helps your channel?
Thanks for sharing this!! I knew deep down they had to have made a prototype of the 4090. I am a huge EVGA fan boy and deeply sad that I can no longer purchase a new RTX in the future.
I HATE YOU
Beautiful
When even the never released EVGA 4090 FTW3 stands out from the rest. With a bios switch that lights up, along with a non stupid placed power plug on the side that actually lets you put the side panel on your case. I would buy an EVGA 7900 XTX or XT day one. MSI is only my second choice. 😔
I personally don't care about brands when I'm going for a new GPU. I'll just buy the cheapest one, buy a waterblock, and stick it into my loop. And it usually works out cheaper and quieter than buying a more expensive card.  Especially since the performance gains from the more expensive cards is minimal anyway, like 3-4fps or something.
P0 is the fastest state smart guy.
I hope they make Intel gpu’s , would be cool if they helped bring intel into relevance
Alright! Let's convince them to get back in the business. I've only ever known evga. ☹
I’ll miss their GPUs :(
As a fan boy myself, I really hope EVGA comes back to the video card market.  nVidia/AMD, I don't care.  They were one of the best GPU brands out there and it sucks that they aren't doing this anymore.  Hopefully they'll be back.  Great video and a really cool collector's piece you have there :)
Best simple looks as well, love that.
Such a shame
I’m hoping that EVGA partners with AMD
They're off my list now. No LINUX support.
Evga is simply the best video card company ever.
I think EVGA will be back. maybe a 5 series or 6?
F to pay respect.   I have had very few but very good dealings with EVGA support and my previous nVidia cards. It is VERY unlikely that I will trust another partner and by another nVidia product. I'm already preparing myself to dip into the uncharged RDNA 3 waters and just deal with it.  To nVidia:  I give you the Linus Torvalds 1 finger salute.
I just can't get over how insanely, stupidly massive these cards are.
EVGA still rocking it, even though they left the game! Got to say thats a pretty furking cool thing they did to send you it.
I knew that they would have been creating something by the time they ended it with Nvidia...  I bet them leaving had a lot to do with not wanting to go to launch with faulty power plug and knew the issues that were going to come out after launching with the bad engineering designs from Nvidia.
Amd should be with evga
It's cool that EVGA gave out these cards to YouTubers.  EVGA 🙌 can we get at least one AMD card? 🥺
and... it's the most valuable not 4090 that will ever exist!!!
Yes please to an EVGA AMD card. My go-to brand for so long feels wrong for them to not be making their cards. 😔
Yeah, EVGA leaving will definitely hurt. All my previous cards were EVGA, current one is an Asus exclusively because the EVGAs were sold out (and I couldn't wait for them to come back into stock, because I managed to pick a 30 series before the prices exploded, my card cost me around 800 on launch, second stock post launch it costed 2000). Next one would definitely have been an EVGA, but guess that's it.
EVGA always had the best & most sleek designs and top notch customer service. I will never stop hoping they'll make a comeback, maybe with amd.
Just got my EVGA 3050. It's a shame to see them treated by Nvidia like that. Hope they one day return to the GPU market.
I hope EVGA comes back to GPUs with AMD  Their engineering was excellent.
the contents of this box are not of this world
Ya know what! Yea let's see EVGA DO AMD CARDS!
Evga again made the best version of the card so best version of 4090.
What a loss to all gamers. R.I.P EVGA graphics 😪
Great looking card. There are little touches of quality we're going to miss EVGA  setting the bar for others.
i liked the evga herpes on their fans. i always wondered if they negatively affect cooling or noise performance
"EVGA RX 7900 XTX iCX" just has way too many X's, but I'd buy one...
I'm still not over the loss 😞
I got my hands on an EVGA RTX 3070 and I’ll be holding onto it for a long long time. Will be a sad day when I need to upgrade
Thank you EVGA for all you did for us but a even bigger thank you for being this nice to JayzTwoCents. That's true friendship!
This GPU specifically, and the EVGA shrine in general, is something that needs to be preserved for history.
This is it boys. The dream. Man's living it.
EVGA what you have to take advantage of now and go for amd, if they do that they have a sure buyer on my side!!!
I'll buy it! 🤫What you want Jay?🤑  EVGA😭
what is the screan name ?
Well they had enough to send out to some reviewers lol
So The question is, Use ICX or MSI for adjustments?!?!
Too bad, it looks awesome.
EVGA would've destroyed the comp..
luv the morals of evga and will be building my next pc with as much evga stuff as i can
You make me sad.
ohhh man, EVGA making AMD cards. $$$$
This makes me sad and upset. EVGA was my top pick, and my brand of choice. Not sure what I'm going to do now. :(
EVGA should make their own cards. One could only wish.
I never expected to see this. And you are one lucky bastard to have that.
The thud as you put the ROG card down on your desk shook MY desk.
There's no way one of the best 4090 cards is from a company that has decided not to work with Nvidia anymore...
Man.  I guess I'm never going to sell my EVGA 3080 now.
What a cool looking card. Shame they never made it
Nah Brah, don't convince EVGA to make AMD cards. Convince AMD to give EVGA everything they want, so EVGA can make the card they always wanted to make!
i need to get 1 evga card of each generation. and hopefully eventually every evga gpu
Those antique wall have has been EVGA cards.  I can send you two 8800GT's
Would've been such a great card..... < cry! >
The early engineering builds are great. That's a really clean looking card, pity they aren't making any GPU's soon.  Very cool that you have it.
So what is the closest gpu maker quality wise to EVGA?
I'm so paranoid my cable is going to burn with all these reports showing up.
2:09 I need new pants
I too wish they would make AMD cards... Would almost convince me to at least try AMD again on the GPU. I was burnt back in the old days where I needed 1 driver for the new games and another for a different game and I could never just have 1 driver to run all the games which just annoyed me to no end, so I stayed nVidia since.
...ive been a constant customer to evga since the 7800 era and its super sad to see what could of been...this honestly would of been my upgrade path from my 1070ti sc black as i was looking at going for a higher end card this time around but now i will just look for a 3090 ftw or hydrocopper unit and that may be the last nvidia card i buy...my last amd card was a hd4650
Hey Jay, how about some timestamps, have to scroll up and down just to make it to the nitty-gritty.
EVGA if we can't have AMD cards at least do something with Intel
I want that gpu.
600 watts through those little wires is NOT a good idea.
I grabbed one of the last new EVGA 3090Ti that I could find, upgraded from my 2080Ti. Been using thier cards for 12 years and I wanted their last GPU to ride as long as I can.
Since my PC case does not have a window on the side I don't care about the look of the stuff inside my case but that GPU looks nice.  Thanks NVIDIA...
EVGA are throwing away so much potential, so much talent, and such market leading engineering. They really should partner with AMD and put their expertise to use.
nice jay big fan of EVGA also, its a sample and they put the power in the right place and its not even finished, partners take notes lol
Reminds me of the feeling I had when 3dfx closed shop and sold to nVidia... still not completely over it... sometimes I dream waking up and finding they are back in business... -sigh-
This is a great statement on how good of a GPU manufacturer EVGA was, their extremely early engineering sample has features and a better design than most other cards on the market.
i snagged a 2080 black from them before i they announced the departure, i love my card and i love your new card. Very beautiful and im so happy for you Jay!
full nerdgasm!!!thanks jay!
it looks like with the bracket screwing into the cooler, Led indicator for the bios you're in and everything about this card, since EVGA isn't going to make graphics cards anymore and they send this non 4090 to you knowing you're going to show it, they made an "ideal" graphics card (still huge and has other problem but that's nvidia's/pci-sig's fault) to show the other manufacturers how it's done
Insane how small they managed to get their 4090 compared to some other partners. Man.
Sucks seeing EVGA leave, cause their products are the only ones I would really buy
wow. bittersweet to see what could have been
This is kinda like having a 3dfx Voodoo 5 6000 when 3dfx went under...
Ahh!! I hate you right now..😅
They probably knew about the power connector and that’s why they pulled
so ATI ... sorry I mean AMD
I am both happy and sad. Thank you Jayz
Jay just became a Chuck Norris meme himself, who once requested an EVGA 4090 and actually got it :D
I love it! I have a Gainward 4090 nos and I miss my EVGA 3090 Ti looks, cable positioning, rgb, etc.
I feel like this was seeing a rare moment. Something special. It’s a beautiful card. From people who did it best. 🪦🙏🏻 - I hope they come back as team red too. Because Nvidia need punished for giving them no margin to even wash their face.
Do you plan on actually using this card?
I'm an asus fanboy,but over the years not being able to get a hold of their top ends cards,I've been using evga ftw since the 1070. I was lucky to get the ftw3 3090 during release week thanks to my local microcenter.  This is absolutely sick
I've wanted to upgrade from my EVGA gtx1080 sc. so i started saving for a 40 series evga board ever since they announced the 30 series. now idk what to get a 30 series or look into other brands or even amd.
Nice The EVGA NGG, last of its kind.
It’s beautiful
Just imaging EVGA coming back to make Nvidia cards and they say... You remember that time we got out, we told you this would happen!
Amazing! Its so awesome they gave it to you for the collection
do you get to keep it? if so thats awesome for the board
I love EVGA, always have.
😥
So cool, thanks for sharing!
That's so cool. A literal piece of history right there
ugh this hurts =(..  I'm so glad this card went to you though!
😨😳😨😳😨😳
So these cards are only going to Tech Tuber's they should have gave them away to their customers with the stipulation that they are done supporting the cards.. People would take them anyway. But they give them to Tech tuber's SMH!!. GN got one, Guess Linus is Next if not first..
This saddens me. EVGA for the comeback!
May I wholeheartedly say on behalf of EVGA and its many fans: "Fuck nVidia!".
The John Cena of 40-series cards. lol
I hate you ngreedia
I really wish EVGA would go to AMD.
I wouldn't be surprised if EVGA has a non compete thing with NVIDIA and that is why they couldn't switch to making cards for AMD tho give it some time and they might reenter the GPU market making cards for someone else
I also been using evga cards for nearly 20 years now and never had any trouble with any. I still can't believe they quit making them. I am still hoping they just skip this gen and return with the 50 series cards bc I always skip a gen anyways before buying a new one.
Fuck you Nvidia! we lost much as Gamers!
funny plot twist. evga stop making nvidia cards. and start making amd cards instead. dons the gaming world with a new 7900xtx. man that would be awesome
EVGA 4090 UNICORN JAYZ EDITION #1 of 20
I had an EVGA 780 and I adored it so much. I wanted an EVGA 3070 but the stock was unfortunately not there and reseller prices were so gouged I was lucky to get a Zotac one for MSRP  Feb 2021. I would have gotten a 5080 from EVGA when I planned to do a full system replacement - sadly that won't happen and after the 4080 16gb MSRP'd at £1259 and the 4080 12bg being a 4060ti for £1000 (and being rightly unlaunched), I don't think I'll ever buy an Nvidia product ever again.
Overclock it!
EBGA was one of a last breed...
My evga 960 has been running with no issue for like 8 or 9 years now. Hopefully putting it in retirment/backup in the next six months. Sucks that I may never get an evga gpu again.
damn,thats pretty cool of evga,surely theyre not gonna try something again with gpu's,maybe not really really soon but in the next year-year and a half? but as good as Nvidias product is,thats about all the good their is to say about em,but at the end of the day i suppose thats what counts,idk,im not a billionaire
Dude those cards can be sold for $10,000+!! Because they won’t ever reach the market and can be a major collectors item as the last remenant of EVGA GPU.s
RiP EVGA, went from 1080ti in sli to a 3090 to a 3090ti and now what?
That one actually looks good too...  So many of the 4090s look terrible and EVGA had a design that was actually good.  :(
I think a major reason EVGA backed out is because of that plug/adapter.  They knew RMAs were coming.
If evga jumped ship to amd or ANYBODY for that matter then im jumpin too
Thank  you.
You probably just got EVGA sued out of planet earth, if not the milky way galaxy.
EVGA made the best GPU’s for sure. Super jelly that you got your hands on a EVGA 4090
Damn. It could have been great.
Nicest looking 4090 by far
Oh FFS... they made a beautiful looking RTX4090 and now we can't have it :(
o7 EVGA
Jesus fucking christ that thing is worth so much money
Absolutely stunner of a card, thanks for the showcase!
It’s “the card that is, but never will be”
That fin stack is frigin awesome. I really wish these has been built. I was looking forward to another EVGA.
end of an era, we'll miss your GPUs EVGA
It's still so surreal. For as long as I have been in this hobby Nvidia graphics cards were almost synonymous with EVGA. It's just what they were known for.
the "not 4090" looks like the evga gtx760
Points for the attention to detail of the box design, "not" 4090. Subtracting points for fans that now look like MSI's.
I was fortunate enough to get a 3080 within the first months of their launch.  I upgraded from a GTX970 and likely won't for many years, but it's legitimately given me stress about what card I would buy next.  EVGA has been my sole card company since like...the Pentium 2 era.  Imm'a miss you fam.
I said the same thing. They should just start making AMD cards. As power efficient as they are, they could get some amazing cards made.
EVGA is a top brand, they NEED to team up with AMD
Absolutely beautiful card! I love it’s squared off aesthetics and it’s more compact (yet still very large) size. I totally would have gotten one of these if they became available in lower SKUs!
17:16 this day will be gloryous hahahahhaha
evga pls make somthing happen with amd
With that card, it solidifies my opinion that EVGA made the most grownup, good looking, non “gamery” PC components. They’re not filled with RGB and covered in bright colors or overly aggressive angles. It’s like the component company for adults
RIP EVGA GPUs I wish they went back to making GPUs. But makes sense
I really do hope they start making cards for Team Red. I would totally buy a 7900XTX FTW3 card
This fan boy behavior is not healthy.  Stop promoting this
This is amazing… EVGA has the best GPU designs no joke. I am a big MSI fan but man… EVGA is just gorgeous.
My first though was why doesn't anyone put the connector on the end instead of the side....and here we are.  Well sh&t.
Always making the videos we don't know we need. Thats sick. What a beauty. Thanks jay
Fuck I would have bought this model over the other ones.
I need a EVGA RX 7900 XTX FTW3. Let's go!
AMD cards are better
so hope evga team up with amd, that would make me buy amd all the time or should i same evga/amd
I really think EVGA would enjoy designing a card to work with AMD's chiplet GPU design.  I say that because judging by their designs they seem to enjoy design and the challenges inherent in it.  The details matter and EVGA knows that.
I've started a little EVGA shrine. Have a 1060 6GB, 1070, 2060, 2080 Super and 3080 <3
I want EVGA to start _designing_ GPUs and go into competition with AMD and NVIDIA. That's what I REALLY want...
This is going to be one of the rarest cards out there
The GPU market is objectively worse without EVGA cards.  Their stuff has been consistently excellent over the years, with great support should you need it.
What could have been...
This would have been the best 4090 ever.
/me kreygasms all Over the place Its so beautiful!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
This is when i say F U EVGA. Just like the crybabies who say in a forum that they are gone in Eric Cartman style!
Dude... That's to cool... As a fellow EVGA supporter for the last 10+ years I could only dream to have something like that in a collection. Congratulations Jay. You now own the last Holy Grail of the EVGA's. It'll fit right in on your wall.
Such a nice card just make GPU's again EVGA why let us down...
You're now the owner of the EVGA last samurai.  Congratulations as we mourn the end of the era.
Rare as chickens teeth!!!
I'm going to miss EVGA gpu's, my 780 still kicks along as well as the 1080 hybrid. Hopefully they will make AMD .
This is one of those shedding a single tear moments.
EVGA engineering samples for a card they never intended to mass produce is better thought out in terms of aesthetics and locations of plugs than almost every real 3rd party 4090.  I will continue to use my EVGA 3080ti until the 5000 or 6000 series Nvidia GPU's.  I honestly feel like I will be slumming it when I buy a non EVGA Nvidia GPU.
That thing is so sleek. I wish other companies would make more cards with simple, elegant designs like that.
EVGA!... oh damnit.
I’ve never use evga X1, is it better than afterburner? And do you think evga continue to support it?
WTH man, get Phil to put a NSFW tag on this before the B-roll kicks in
I really love how nvidia releases THE proper driver for the 30 series after the 40 release… why you might ask?  To eek out every bit of performance they could to narrow the gap?  (Up to 20%?!?!?!!!! Wtf?!!!!!).  Why?  Cause they are just great people!!!! Or they have a few 30s left they really need to sell… this really gives me the warm fuzzies❤️ no but really…shit like this is super sweet
EVGA RADEON 7800xt PLS
Hot dang I would have been lined up to buy that had it come out. But atlas I’ll just dream that they will team up with AMD at this point
For the love of God, I hope EVGA comes out of the blue with a MONSTER of a 7900XTX just out of spite of NVIDIA.
bruh I want this
I was expecting an AMD or Intel ARC card.
Jay you now own a gpu worth more than any other.....
Sad to see EVGA go, I'm still rocking a 1080 one. Now just waiting on AMD to release their new cards for my new rig, just to see if they're worth it and so far they seem quite neat.  The wait begins or rather continues!
Wish it was a card we could have bought as customers, but i can see why they broke with NVIDIA,  and will say i just love the fact you got a Nota4090 non existing card from EVGA Noice!!!  that it works is just beyond cool, and a really nice wall you made for the EVGA cards you have.   Congratulations on the Nota4090! 👍
I want that card!!!!! Man, that's so awesome. I love my EVGA graphics cards
Well I'm really glad that they were pretty open about why they left (could have also been in this capitalist world we live in [im not communist XD ] ) that everything would have been just silent and we had heard only rumors. For me personally, it was last nail in the coffin. Rtx 2070 super was my last Envydia card and next one is 7900xtx. Seriously hoping that Intel will get their project going up and can some day in near future challenge at least like x080 performance.
Just came across my EVGA GTX760 DOUBLE dusting shelves yesterday... Well, it struck me how similar in overall geometrical design they are with the "not a 4090".  A true testament of the timeless design carefully iterated from generation to generetion (set aside the unfortunate acne/herpes blooper, you name it).  It's ironical how the EVGA just fell short of getting back to it's conservative and elegant design roots...
Really sucks they stopped, although I get why they did. Ever since watching this channel back in 2014, I became an evga fan boy. Still have the RTX 2080 Super going strong. I don't even know which brand I'd buy now if I was to need a new one.
I think there are plenty of eVGA supporters & gamers out there that would gladly pay a bit of a premium to get an AMD eVGA card with their associated warranty programs on it; and by premium I mean paying more than your average AMD card costs.  It's worth the price, just like FTW3 cards were mostly previously worth the price.  One thing's for sure, I'll be sticking with my 3090 Kingpin until AMD's stuff comes out & we see how it performs, I am not comfortable giving NVidia my money again, with how they treated eVGA, let alone with the power connector issues on the 4090.
EVGA could still make money from graphics cards if they license that icx patent.
evga jump to amd or intel aib would be epic
I’ll give you 20k for that card.
This video makes me so sad, and I fully blame Nvidia for that sadness. I hope and pray EVGA takes their skill and customer service over to the AMD GPU side at some point. I'm 100% an EVGA fanboy and it gutted me to have to buy a PowerColor 6900 XT instead of an EVGA, but I just couldn't stand the anti-consumer shenanigans Nvidia was playing just to line their own pockets any longer. That card belongs in a special shrine.
Dude, im Jealous ,really Jealous. Beautiful card, its a shame that EVGA left the Graphics card sphere. But it was understandable.
EVGA is and was my go to for GPU's for years. Sad
EVGA + AMD = TAKE MY MONEY!!
"we don't know why the cables are burning" it might be due to the whole pumping 4 pcie 8pins worth of power through a tiny 12 pin connector
Not Herpes, but E-Pox.
I wish we could get a video on which overclocking software was the best for each brand of card. I've been using afterburner since Jays first video about it years ago but I'm curious if other software works better or worse on different GPUs ?
I wish EVGA would sub-divide it out, and "maybe find a partner" and have an EVGA Graphics LTD. subsidiary or something like that. so the main company and keep on the path it wants, but the consumers can have the company they love, and that puts so much though into the products they build!  EVGA can still keep the majority stake and control and interject if needed, but have a different leadership deal with the headache that is NVIDIA, and run the day to day...
Maybe in part the relationship between EVGA and NVidia ended, the issue of combustion on 4090?
I bet nvidia is kicking themselves in the ass right about now.
This evga gpu that is not a 4090 could have save this gen design. If this is the engineering sample and looks this good, the rest of manufacturers have no excuse. Hope they will go team red
its the nicest one!! so sad
Yeah, EVGA RX cards would be super cool. Yet still pretty sure i'd choose watercooled Sapphire Toxic 7900 xtx. I realy hope they will be available at launch.
Is it possible to build a pcb adapter that plugs in and routes the cable to the back?
If a card could give me a boner it would be this card. 😆
Oh man!
God damnit. We definitely needed this.
Ngl at 2:10 I got watery eyes. Personally never had an EVGA GPU in my life but after so many years hearing so many good things about them as a company IF the next GPU I bought was an NVidia card it would have been an EVGA one. And after all my life so far only having NVidia cards - well, after the old Matrox & 3Dfx days - I really really REALLY want to go AMD/Radeon, 'cause F* NVidia.  Please EVGA go team red and kick some green ass!
What did we do to deserve EVGA, man? What a company
What a great card... if only it made it :(  I happily picked up an EVGA 3090 just a few weeks ago though :)
I was happy when I got my evga 3080. Now I'm sad when I realize that it's the last evga gpu I'll ever get.
😭
When I owned nvidia cards they were evga cards. rip.
WHY DON'T THEY JUST TEAM UP WITH AMD?!
Thanks for the review of the card that wasn't! I own an EVGA 3080 Ti FTW3 and I definitely would have gone to EVGA for my 40 series upgrade, for all the reasons you mentioned Jay! 💔
I can 100% agree with you about about EVGA making AMD cards, that would be awesome if they did. When I was looking for a better X570 board to do my system refresh I was looking at the EVGA X570 DARK, but boy is it pricey. It actually wasn't the price that steered me away, it was the fact that there wasn't a refreshed version with a USB-C header on it so I wouldn't be able to use my USB ports on the front of my case. Especially for the price of it.  When I priced out other motherboard brands I saw that no one else laid down the 24 pin power header for the PSU like EVGA regardless of board cost. I think all of the brands should take note and do that IMO. Oh well, at least I have my EVGA Nu Audio soundcard. :)
Jay: Super Secret 4090    Jay: Tells the world on youtube
Do we have to start a petition for EVGA to go all in on AMD? I imagine them making an OC board for the ZEN4 X3D parts, and helping push Sapphire to new heights. You know that if AMD wanted to make a raster monster card, they could. I hope they say F*ck it, and build an RX 7950 XT with a crazy die and 32gb of top tier ram.
Evga will partner with AMD….I bet on it. They have too much knowledge that would be lost otherwise
I too hope to see an EVGA AMD card down the road. EVGA always made some sexy GPU's 😔
Rip EVGA GPUs. Makes me happy to have one of the last ones. I'll probably keep my ftw3 3080ti when I eventually upgrade. I usually sell my old card to recoup some cost but not this time.
Wow that monitor
What a gorgeous card, I wish we could see a Radeon RX 7900 XTX version of it.
I have a MSI 450 Tomahawk. Will a 3070 work with it
Running a RTX 3080 Ti  I tried both driver 522.25 and 526.47. Where 522.25 is the driver that introduced those performance uplifts and 526.47 is the latest WHQL driver at the time of writing this comment. I didn't really notice any performance improvements in DX12 games.  On most games it was the same, except for Marvel's Spider-Man Remastered where I would have performance degradation or massive stutters regardless of resolution and settings. I had to go back as early as driver version 516.94 to fix that performance degradation and stutters. That is 3 versions under the current driver.  And I did do my homework in using DDU properly in safe mode to remove any traces of the drivers and running a clean install, but I still had stutters in that particular title. So I'm really not impressed with Nvidia in terms GPU drivers as of lately. I feel like Nvidia just keeps dipping in quality to the point of no return.
As someone who's had every flagship EVGA and every classified/kingpin. I'm jealous AF
Best looking 4090 card.. frustrating we can't buy it. Rip.
Going to miss EVGA cards got a 3070ti in my build and not to sure what brand to go with for my upgrade.
I miss EVGA.
This is hands down the best looking RTX 4090. I have owned 4 generations of EVGA GPUs. They will be missed in the GPU space.
“Next gen graphics” seems like a hint!
as a EVGA fan , I was so looking forward to buying a evga 4090. 😥
EVGA revenue source, ICX patent licensing?
Next Gen Graphics e'N'd GG
Thanks for that! Not depressed at all now! lol ;)
I'm so sad.  If only EVGA would either go Team Red or come out with their own...
This NEEDS to be on the leaderboards would you be willing to liquid nitrogen it and at least be in top 100 and make alot of people question huh a evga card on the leaderboards how thought they didnt make those
I’m so glad that I have an EVGA 3080, but at the same time I am sad by each day pass bc Ik one day the card will be dying on me, and that would be the end of EVGA card for me (assuming they don’t team up with AMD)😢
now did they ever say they were leaving gpu market entirely? They could make intel or amd cards.
You lucky son of a mom! Well, you deserve this, as you have done so much good things to comunity. Enyoj 😌
I'm super happy with my 4090 gigabyte, but i would have bought this over it for sure. I understand why EVGA got out though, even though they share blame i understand their point.
This is why I have always supported EVGA when I could. They are some of the friendliest people you will find in the business and them letting you have that card is continued proof of that. Super amazing so Jealous! Long Live EVGA!
I would have honestly considered EVGA for this generation, but when they checked out, it spoke volumes in my opinion. It only added to the rumours and murmurs that are now coming true. The fact that the connectors are melting on the ATX 3.0 psu 😱  is a really big issue that I hope can be resolved via software without killing the performance of the cards. How gutted would everyone be if cards have to be recalled. This does not bode well for the 4080, especially if the problem is with the actual plug\connection. It would be interesting to see if EVGA would risk partnering with AMD and RDNA3, as this is the first generation of the chiplet design. I really hope it goes well tbh, and if it does not come with early adoption issues, I think over time as the drivers and process matures  the 7000 series could yield yet more performance in the future. I’m still on the fence with AMD, I hope there sandbagging. But the lack of any performance comparison, and the fact that there direct competition is the 4080 leaves me with a few jitters. I have been burnt before. I await the reviews, then we will see if Nvidia will adjust pricing or just be pig headed. That EVGA not 4090, oh my, she’s a bute.
I've been telling people for a minute that now was the time to be heard with their wallet and not their voice, Make the hard choice if going with the other brands instead of nivida , EVGA teaming with AMD would decide for a huge amount of clients  They like EVGA not The other old partner, he who is not named 😂😂😂😆
I would sell my batty for that evga card
Maybe EVGA could make water blocks like Corsair does. Pretty sure everyone would love that.
Andrew should re consider and jump back in
I'm leaning towards a 7950 XTX - Have you seen any dimension specs listed yet? I'm stuck with a maximum of 290mm in card length.
I’ve only had 2 GPUs since I go into PC gaming in 2015. Both EVGA (960 and 2070super). I really hope they come back to the GPU market (maybe with AMD, although they’ve said it’s not likely) My next GPU upgrade will be tough because I won’t be able to just see what EVGA has and get the model I want, thank you for making great cards EVGA
When you showed the card,  my face: 😮😮
And I thought I wanted a Kingpin card. Nvm XD
Uhuh so pretty, shame
My first, second, and third-ever GPUs were from EVGA.  Their build quality, attention to detail and customer support were all next-level.
Seems GN got one too
Beautiful video, Jay. Thank you for sharing such a cool card with us :)
If EVGA made an AMD GPU I am 100% buying one. But I do ask that they offer a SKU of their flagship with a clear plastic shroud. I like seeing through it.
Too bad EVGA is quiting the GPU buissnes 😥 For 10 years I'm without a normal gaming pc(had some powerful notebooks for work) , and last year I decided to build a pc but the prices was crazy (especially in Israel ~3k$ for middle range desktop) and I've always wanted to get a EVGA card since it's one of the only trusted brand Now i have to find another graphic card designer too bed, I loved my last EVGA  card so much
EVGA should engineer their own gpus, have a 4th competitor.
17;16 was the TRUEST statement ever! i wish they could team up with AMD because i would have my second gaming pc be all AMD
We do need EVGA version of 7900 XTX, it will be insane.
I'd like to see EVGA do Intel cards, absolutely. I'm pretty sure Radeon would be a lost cause for them, though.
What do we have to do to get the community to come together and get EVGA to start making AMD cards?!?!?
As much as I miss EVGA GPUs, I'm glad they dodged a bullet with the 40 series Nvidia cards. If Nvidia is forced to price the next generation (50 series) of it's GPUs more competitively like AMD has done, I wouldn't be surprised to see them get back on board with Nvidia again. At least I hope so. This is actually a great video Jay, thanks for sharing your rarity among rarities.
Welp, that says a lot about EVGA’s respect for their big time loyal fan
The 'not' 4090 looks nice, would've loved it if they used copper metal too.
I have the gigabyte RTX 4090 but have been buying evga GPUs since 2012. Will miss evga. I would have bought their version of the 4090 without a doubt
Damn, if this card was real, I would absolutely get one
RIP EVGA your GTX 650 allowed me to play NieR Automata even if at about 20-30fps back in the day
I am so sad and angry that they didn’t sell this. I would happily pay EVGA $4k for this card right now. Someone from EVGA please sell it to me.
Wow, that is sooo beautiful.
I really hope EVGA get to work with AMD or Intel, not because theirs cards are osom (Intel can make use of that, Sapphire already have amazing cards); but because the guys at EVGA deserve it!
Nvidia really fudged the factory on this one... 🤣  EVGA needs to go with AMD or Intel at some point. PowerColor and Sapphire are great options for AMD, but this would literally be the golden goose.  As far as the power pin placement... That's where it should have been on every card. 😑
I'm so pissed and jealous!  I would be happy to pull it from your dead cold hands......  For real!  I'm available for protection......
That is one nice looking card!
EVG(A)MD FTW & FTLOLZ Radeon XTX 🤩 make it so!
Look at this and then compare this masterpiece to all the other 4090s....Nothing more to say.
I hate the corporate fan thing on principle BUT I am going to miss just buying EVGA cards and not having to think about it. It sure made upgrading easy to just pick the EVGA version of the model I wanted and feeling comfortable with the purchase.
You know you’re a great friend when your buddy’s dog dies and they send you the bones 🥺😭
I'd probably put it under glass tbh.
EVGA seriously has the best engineering philosophy when Comes to GPU design
Maybe in the future they will have a comeback... But I don't think that will happen unless Nvidia really rally pushes them and give them less restrictions. Evga was always a feasibility study, what is possible with the actual restrictions... So sad they are gone 😭
I'm curious to see what Galax has to offer. I saw their hall of fame 40 card using 2x8 pins.
Someone: nice case what you have. Someone else: no, it´s just the graphics card.   What a Monster.
this is pretty freaking cool. Would kill to have this. It looks soo much better than the strix just sticking with the all black theme
the hell you are talking about they still also make very good PSU to no only GPUs
EVGA leaving the GPU market was a sad day as they were top tier and all other fell below  if EVGA messed up they owned it and made it right  this is why i own 4 EVGA cards 2 1070s a 1080 and a 3090ti
great looking card wish evga was still making cards, ive only ever used evga
I have only seen worse performance on the newest driver on my 3090ti I actually just reverted to the aug. driver. And have a much more stable system with stable frame rate.
YESSSSSSSSSSS EVGA!! MAKE AMD CARDS PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🥲
Here's hoping EVGA continues to innovate with their remaining product segments!
$10,000 card right there
how much u want for it
bro has an exotic item
Please EVGA, COME BACK!
EVGA 7900XTX CLASSIFIED is something i could justify spending over 1000€
Rip EVGA😢  I would have bought this..
I've been buying nothing but EVGA for years, man.... 🥺
Great the prettiest 4090 will never be made  Call up Asus and get the 1000w XOC VBIOS
Please collaborate with Kingpin and use this NOT 4090 and make your own KINGPIN EVGA Graphics Card!!!! PLZ PLZ PLZ !!!!
i am a evga fan boy too
what if that card is a winner of the silicon lottery?  ;)
Ohh man I like that! You lucky MF'er
Really cool of them to do this ☺️ gratz
Evga I salute you. Your 1030 oc was the difference between card or no card for me and I could play all games that I want thank you from the bottom of my heart
I love the looks of that card. I think it would be AWESOME with a Radeon GPU under the hood.
pense que era una amd rx7900xtx jajaja  i thinked was a amd rx79000xtx hahaha
Man no body did it like evga. They literally had the nicest looking gpu period year after year. I will forever cherish my ftw3 3080 ti ultra and when I upgrade it will sit on a display in my gaming room. I’d be all over the ftw3 4090 if it was a thing
What you said at the end of the video is the first thing that came to my mind when they decided to part ways with nvidia....it really breaks my heart to see such a amazing company make such a hard decision to walk away from making graphics cards.
This is such a Bittersweet Video and I'm so glad you got your hands on this to have with your love of EVGA. For now I will love my XC3 3080Ti and hold off on swapping out that card for as long as I possibly can
Jay, you literally have a gift from the gods in your hands. Not even lying, this brought tears to my eyes.  I'm always on the side of "buy the best, don't be loyal to a brand", but EVGA just always knocked it out of the park. And when they didn't, their support was amazing and would make everything right.  So, while I still say don't be loyal to a brand, I'm going to be a hypocrite and buy every EVGA accessory I can for upcoming builds just in hopes they'll stay afloat long enough to start making GPUs again.
Looks better than the Strix!!
if this is like this, i wonder if kingpin has a proto he was working on.
All my life I've been told unicorns do not exist, yet here I am, looking at one.
EVGA and intel get together and make an Nvidia killer thats cheaper than AMD and in 2024 graphics cards become super cheap..........there you go........
I wanna see EVGA RX 7900 XTX.
Dam that looks good
The IDEAL oe DREAM GPU that never was. Man that connector to the side is genius, sad that EVGA pulled out of the game
If EVGA made AMD cards I'd totally buy them! I have loved EVGA since my first 1070 ftw. I just bought a 6950xt a couple months before 4000 Nvidia cards. I'd love to go back to EVGA with an AMD card! Please talk to your rep! :) Thanks Jay, Phil, and Nick.
The first EVGA card I had from them was a GeForce 4 ti 4600.
9:38 wait what? More performance with the latest drivers? I don't update my drivers* immediately anymore cause the last time I did I had a bad experience so I wait and manually install the second to last drivers usually if I know they're fine.
I bought one of the last evga 3090 ftw3 in stock at microcenter when they put it up on a flash sale for $900. Haven't seen any in stock since. Guess it will be my own collectable once it outlives its usefulness which hopefully will be a fair few years.
this is so not good that evga is not making there next gen cards for the public to buy. Would be so good to have a nivdia evga card in hands of the consumers. But let,s make them turn to AMD for the next generation of cards for the future i aggre with this one. 😉
Come on EVGA! Partner with AMD!!
nice LED bling
wow, disappointed. This evga card legit looks better than all the other 4090s and nobody will be able to buy it
Jayz, are all of the cards on your EVGA Wall of Fame fully working cards to your knowledge?  Congrats on your new addition! I just upgraded from an EVGA GTX 970 to an Asrock 6900 XT - got an absurdly good $530 open box deal on it from new egg. My EVGA 970 will still be serviced in a second gaming rig. They will be missed, but I can hardly blame them.
Use cross vbios flash to remove power limit
I'm still super bummed they're not making video cards anymore. I really hope they change their mind and go with another GPU maker.
GAMERS NEXUS JUST POSTED A TEAR DOWN
God this card is beautiful, would have loved to own one myself, just got into EVGA recently with my 3080 hydro copper and man I can see why Jay has been a fanboy of theirs for a long time.
When I saw the thumbnail I thought you were going to announce that EVGA is now making AMD cards. So sad...
Jay needs this card in his personal build
clickbait. can you sell me that card please ? looks awesome i got MSI instead FML
PLEASE start making Radeon cards, EVGA. That "not 4090" is one beast of a card <3
this is cool
Wow. This would have been the card to own this generation! Not flashy, and looks fantastic and not huge! So sad that we will never get to experience this card in all of its glory… 😢
All of my cards have been EVGA.   F
Dual bios dude! Get flashing haha
Man, kinda a bummer seeing what would have been. The 12pin/16pin location still would have made length an issue compared to other cards though.
That's the sexiest card I've ever seen. EVGA, don't give up your insane creativity in manufacturing these beautiful cards. It's talent that should not be wasted.... Spoken by a person who owns a FTW3 30 series card...;)
I bought my 3080 12GB EVGA Hybrid after the announcement. Specifically, to have "one of the best of the last" I had been waiting for the money and the time to get the 2309tio hybrid.. but really only needed a 3080 12GB for my workload.. so the price was right and I have a piece of history.
This is definitely one most F, fs of all Fs that we've ever Fd.
EVGA... When your engineering sample. Is better, than EVERY other brand's retail model. Oh, you will be missed. I've owned nothing but EVGA cards. 😮‍💨
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Evga pulling out and making one of the best cards along with Amd offering a better competition might be what needs to humble nivida
Just a little jealous.
Pretty sweet to add this to your collection. Pretty sure almost no one else will have this!
Sheeeesh that’s cool
Dude I've had too many cards sag from heat.  Even just a little sag will break low tolerance connections, and thermal applications.  If you like your card to last for 5+ years I recommend additional support.  It's not about the looks at all, and would likely never effect Jay because he doesn't use the same card long enough to notice.  I do however recommend you follow his instructions on how to reduce sag through the standard plate as well.  Little details like that cable tether are the reason I loved EVGA.
you could prolly get $20,000 for this card, lol
i saw 130$ used gtx 1070 should i buy it ?
EVGA, good bye old Friend.
😪
It's definitely  not the sexyist card ever... but they did the right thing, that 12vhp connector is a pile of crap , and a very likely liability....
They tied in the back 😍
Daaaammn that card is so damn cool
Now I'm more sad that EVGA is out of the graphics card business.
I mean, I'd buy an EVGA AMD card. I don't know what manufacturer is good for AMD other than Sapphire.
can you even imagine the would-be Kingpin version? Oh EVGA, you are missed!
PLEASE EVGA MAKE MORE OF THESE!!!!
Are the fans included in the power limit? Would dropping the fans down to 90% give it more power headroom?
Hand it over... that thing....
I would rather they teamed up with intel, They could help them squeeze more frames out of their Arc Cards
EVGA doged a bullet there. 40series is already a dumbster fire and its growing. if the powerplug turns out to be by design on fire and if amd delivers somwhere close 10% performance of a 4090 boardpartners gonna shit bricks with this series
Come on EVGA, join the red team
I'm crying.
Evga is breaking my heart with this one.
Man I can't wait until they release this card, it looks awesome!
Okay, I know many people want EVGA to team up with AMD. But hear me out... what if they came back and teamed up with Intel? They've always partnered with them and made Intel-specific motherboards, so there's a long-term history. I know they did 1 AMD motherboard, but as far as I know, there are no future AMD boards in the works. Either way, I hope they know that the community already misses having them around; we all want EVGA to make a comeback to the GPU market.
And as *FREAKING ALWAYS* EVGA knocked it out of the park. I have EVGA since my 980 ti. I currently have a 3080 XC3 ULTRA GAMING 3080 and I Love it. It is designed after the McLaren P1. ❤
I had no luck with a 3090 ti from EVGA. It simply would not bot. I removed the plastic cover myself so it was new and sealed. I thought is the PSU which I had, it was a 850W. I bought a 1200W and still no boot. I then went for MSI and it worked. Strange thing was with the seller who sold me the EVGA card. He got it back from me and then said the card is fully working. I am really confused. I've been dealing with computers for the past 20 years or so. No idea what was wrong with that EVGA 3090 ti.
Would be cool if you could remove the cooler and put it on another card. You wont have an EVGA card but at least you’ll have the only actually in-use EVGA cooler.
Jay, my man, when you are no longer among the living, please, please have this card go to the Smithsonian! Because what you have there is one of those things that does not exist. And frankly, it belongs in a museum for that reason!   Cheers mate!
I don't think anyone will agree, just because they want to cream for EVGA. But that card looks like crap compared to what is actually being sold.
i'd really like to see evga partner with amd
That is a good looking card gawd dang
Man this hurts! What a beautiful card. Power plug on the back, full size custom PCB no half length bs like every single other card. Clean design. Im crying.
This sucks.  I really trust EVGA.  I really feel sad that this will never be real.
....would you be willing to do a tear down on this card to the PCB?
OMFG EVGA & AMD  hellz ya sign me up
Imagen kingpin working on amd cards..
You've just shown us a lot of reasons why EVGA has fans. And I completely agree, they should make AMD cards now.
two of my last 3 gpu have been from EVGA. I will miss their products going forward, really hoping they manufacture for team red now.
I totally would of stayed with Nvidia if they worked stuff out with EVGA because omg this card is stunning, but being things as they are amd get my money
This is a sad reminder. I am gonna miss evga almost as much as I miss BFG
100% Jay they should make AMD cards!
It will exist there just ditching the terrible power cable design and trying to figure out something new
gonna be blunt, this just makes me even more sad there's no more evga cards. and this in spite of me loathing the 12hpwr connector.
I like how jay just glosses over reports of 4090 and native atx 3.0 cables burning up… soo but anyways🤣 👀 WAT!
my daughter's are running evga gtx970's in their builds atm.
How much ? I'll make a bid on the last EVGA card.
The only way this could be any better... is if it was an engineering sample K|NGP|N card...  Still - that's nuts that you were able to get a (not) 40900 FTW3!! What a whopper of a card!!
Man, as a happy EVGA card owner, I really hope they end up joining Team Red. (Or heck, even Team Blue!)
YES!!! An AMD and EVGA partnership would be otherworldly!!! Thanks for this video Jay!!! I won’t ever forget how great EVGA graphics cards are/were!
It's going to be weird buying AMD cards from now on.
Don't you ever wear a golf, may be a cashmere one, not to look like an old folk that's breathing on their undesiderables 'party all the time' kids? I don't know. Cheers...
Wow that card actually looks like it would fit in my case too😂😂😂
he currently hold the *last* evga GPU to ever exist,think about that for a moment,he now holds something that is *one of a kind*
EVGA has always been my fave company.. I'm REALLY hoping they will come back swinging for AMD. I really want to do an all EVGA build (well, as much as possible), but really don't want to be generations behind by the time I get around to it..
Makes me sad that EVGA has left the graphics market.... I love EVGA...
Jay killed evga with all of his mods! 😆 🤣 😂 😹
I would have taken that in a heart beat. I was "forced" to get an asus 4090 this time around. The power connector and looks alone do it for me. Not to mention the support and warranty.
Jealous.
The one card where the f ing power cable comes out of the right place is not for sale
Ahh the card I'd have been buying eventually.   Glad I scored a cheap 3090 ti ftw3 when everyone thought the 4090 would be $800 and widely available.
I'm a msi fan boy, but decide to switch over evga... now it's time to go back to msi...😔
Yeah EVGA could have been a savior with their version of the 4090 because of where they put the power connector on their cards. Man what might have been. If only other card manufactures could take a page from EVGA's book and move the power connector to where they have it.
This makes that Strix card even more of a joke
Nvidia screwed everyone due to lack of transparency and with their partners. GREED eventually always screw the consumers.
still wish i could of bought one from them...
Hot dang I’m an amd fanboy but this card looks so good why did nvidia ruin such a good business partnership with evga , evga should build amd cards just bring this cooler design to rdna 3 plz
Talk about a missed opportunity here: EVGA could have given nVidia a massive 🖕 by releasing a 7900 XTX Hydro Copper card instead of that 4090. In fact it was their Hydro Copper cards that kept me with EVGA for the last 7 years. If only EK weren't in bed with nVidia - those guys need to start making blocks for AMD cards given the MASSIVE FAIL that 4090 is at this point.
I'm glad I could see it. It is sorely missing and with Nvidia targeting its own partners for brutal exploitation they will grow more and more missed. Thanks for letting this be seen, EVGA.   AMD and EVGA must work together.
The existence of this card makes the story even sadder, like seeing someone's unfinished projects after they've died.
I bought a 3080 Ti FTW3 in February and am loving it (upgraded from a 1070 Ti FTW3), and I'm super bummed about EVGA leaving the NVIDIA market. I've been using their cards since the 8800 GT.
Hi kirby :)
Oh no I love this card. Why evga why ?
20 percent uplift? PSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH the last driver is absolute shit.
Tbh its by far the best looking "NOT"4090 and im kinda glad they said FU to Nvidia...  Nice of them gifting u this card for ur collection..
OMG!! it is sooo beautiful!! Whyyyy!! EVGA... WHYYYYYYY!!! 😩😫
Jay That would be awesome if EVGA started to make AMD video card as I would jump on one in a heart beat.... Clearly all the brains walked away from Nvidia when EVGA left the room as that's how the 4090 should have been built to start with...
How about a sturdy heavy duty down angle adapter for the power cord with a support bracket.
What monitor are you using?
Easily the best looking 4090 and it wasn't a production model.
If evgs starts with amd me: 1700$ buy now
Thank you for showing this, Jay. I would have paid for this, EVGA simply made the best. All the other AIB 4090's look like jokes, FE and EVGA are the only tasteful air cooled 4090 designs.I wish Nvidia had made the effort to avoid losing EVGA.
If EVGA was still in the game I would have bought it. Very cool video but has that "too soon" feeling to it.
Noooo :D Now I know what are we missing -.- Darn you :) Atleast they dodged the sh*tconnecter problem... but still I'm sad :(
never going to buy amd graphics  even if its evga lol
Please EVGA... Team up with AMD, that's what I'm asking for... Well not only me who's asking for that, but you get the idea.
the design reminds me of the old 680 days
Bros... We lost a real one.
i only trust evga cards cus they have the best performance and quality over cards i have had over the years. plus they had the best RMA ive experienced. wish they would have made the 40 series before breaking away. would like to see evga jump over to AMD and make cards. if they did i believe AMD with let them have full control over the design and also would be epic to see a kingpin AMD card.
Everyone says they want EVGA to go AMD. I want EVGA to go Intel Arc. Would be very good for both parties I think.
Evga ftw again 👌
EVGA was the best Graphics Card brand...i wish they did AMD gpu's! Keeping my ftw3 ultra 3090 Hybrid for years to come.
that is THE coolest thing ever RIP EVGA GPUs
Maaaaaan I was going to get an EVGA 4070 and had the money finally and then the company parted ways with Nvidia lol. Ended up getting a Gigabyte 3070 aurous mastser and have been happy but always liked their designs
I don't think they should make AMD cards or Nvidia cards they have manufacturing capabilities they used to manufacture Nvidia founder cards for Nvidia they said they still have those fabs I'd just buy tsmc silicone and fabricate their own cards from the ground up.  Their cards will be far better then Nvidia's and AMD by far as they have more experience then all the other aib cards they used to make amazing cards till Nvidia shut that down and locked things away. I know if they designed their own stuff it would be amazingly good and be a top seller.
What’s ICX
What a stunning card
Whoa.... lets hope they go with AMD...
Yeah totally not a ploy
F
If we're perfectly honest, i've never been terribly fond of evga's shroud designs.  That said, i have a 2080 Super from them, but the decision was mostly based on the fact that it was the only brand of 2080 super on my local Best Buy's shelves in April 2020.  That said, so glad i did buy one then, my AIO cooled 980 kicked the bucket shortly thereafter
If EVGA would make amd cards again, I would get that line up instantly
Ugh, I’ve got to ask, anyone know what monitor he’s using?
“The slotting of the card” it’s like a religious certificate ceremony.
So jay has the only evga card
Watching this is surreal. Sad days indeed. Nvidia bull has really added up for me in recent years and with AMD being competitive again, I'm certainly going AMD now. Sad EVGA is moving on from graphic cards but I get it.
Call it the forty-not-ty imo
It's massive. Yup it is a 4090
EVGA will be sorely missed in the GPU market.  I'm gonna feel dirty buying a GPU and not getting an EVGA card.
If I have a 4k 60 monitor and I lock the FPS to that I shouldn't mess with power limit or undervolting. Right? Neither melting adapters. Right? xD
Amd should  be  crying to EVGA TO COME OVER!! That would FLIP GPU MARKET DOWN UP! We love EVGA!!!   My 3070  says hi to the BIG BRO YAY NOT a 4090!!
I want a 4090 TI KINGPIN so baddddd.
Snif! Too Soon!
That card has to be on the top of port royal. There is a way
"well, let me show you"  Fucking ad. Immediately. Damn you Zucc!
Yeah evga go amd
Now that's a Limited Edition part!
GPU sag is real, these manufacturers need to take notes.... AMD?
If EVGA went with AMD the PC community would go bonkers.  Its so sad to see EVGA just give up.
EVGA fanboy here bought his 3080ti FTW3 about the time the prices came down to reasonable levels a few months ago. I was saddened to think it'd be my last EVGA gpu
MY EVGA RTX 2080 is still rocking hard and I love EVGA's designs. They will be missed.
wish it were like 16GB and able to get higher speed. reducing power draw
Wow you have now a unique grafic card... The EVGA... Who never will be selled... This is a honour and very cool from EVGA giving you this beauty beast.
😭😭😭
That’s a very cool piece of history. A world where nvidia treat their partners with respect
what the F? rgb?? RGBBBB???? that is sick!!!!
All I want is to get a 4090 and use the cable mod cable. will using the adapter out a atx 3.0 to the cable mod, with plenty of wattage overhead be okay to not catch my house on fire?
My heart still hurts that I cannot buy a 4090 hybrid.
I would wish more for Evga rather then just copy paste they have the name use it !!!
1:09 WTF WAS THAT?
Btw @JayzTwoCents if you gonna run and benchmark new gpu's i recommend doing that with a panel that is 10 bit color depth, AMD is having MPO related issues, and MPO is only enabled on primary monitor and at 8 bit color depth so 10 bit color depth should avoid all the MPO related issues, Nvidia had these issues as well, they have a page with reg files that can disable and enable MPO, i think a lot of MPO related issues still happen on Nvidia gpu's but the people that say it does not happen probably run 10 bit color depth, while those experiencing issues run 8 bit color depth, making MPO the biggest troll of all time.
o7
Dude never let your workshop/studio be known or you will have people raiding your place for that one of a kind piece of equipment lol
Yeah EVGA  Go Red 😀
Ah more bitching by Jay over Nvidia stuff, while AMD gets a pass on their marketing B.S.  Nice non-biased journalism right there.....
Looks awesome but not a single design beats the msi suprim x for me and the cooling is great. Evga sent me a vga cable simply because I needed one, I just asked if it’s ok to use a third party cable and they said it’s best to use their cables so they sent me one the next day for free, because of this I’ll only use their PSUs, service like that is incredibly rare from my experience
There's only one of these cards... Proceeds to overclock it. 🤴
Seeing the card in the flesh just makes EVGA's absence that much more painful. :(
Its a thing of Beauty
I really hope with all the positivity towards EVGA that they decide to backtrack and work with AMD instead. They arguably made the best gpu's (performance/cooling) out there.
man imagine the major step up evga would get if they partnered with amd
Of course it looks better than all the other cards on the market… This video is sadness
If only EVGA would start making AMD series graphics cards, life would be great again!
Ok, wow thats one SEXY GPU.
What monitor is that your using Jay
I believe that after some pause they will continue with the production of cards...
The fact that EVGA went through all of the hassle and expense of engineering a card and then say "We're out" speaks volumes. I hope that relationship can be repaired, as I've been a proud EVGA owner of various products over many years and I think their build quality easily surpasses any of the competition of the same price/performance point.
Makes me want to cry seeing it... :(  Given all the shitcard  40fuckwad versions of other AIB and NShitia... bursting into flames because it's engineered by drunken elves...   ARGH.  Thanks Jay. So happy you literally have like the last Stradavarious ever made... :P
Holy Grail.....EVGA
If evga make amd card, im buying it.
Evga is the only cards I ever got, and still run solid to this day.
Fuck, im sad now.
This video makes me so sad. Their cards are the only ones that look remotely nice 😭
Worth 10s of thousands of dollars right there. That's beyond awesome
This is the best looking 4090 and it never managed to see the light. I’m so glad that I was able to witness this.
I like EVGA too. Sucks they stopped making cards.
its kinda hotter that it doest have nvidias name on it
If EVGA would make a hybrid cooled RX 7900 XT with a 280 radiator I would instantly buy it
Ok, I'll say it,  "It's not sexy".   Like seriously, it looks like every other 3 fan design
Looks cool and classy
What a beauty
Excellent video, thanks for that.  Glad you got the not 4090.
did I hear that correctly? ATX 3.0 PSUs that are NOT using the nvidia power adapter are also experiencing the burnt connector problem?  This is huge if true.
So envious. 4090 FTW3 would've been something I'd maybe possibly have considered despite my anger over 4090 prices.
Send the card to der8auer, this card in your hands will probably end up with tape and a portable aircon.
We're gonna miss EVGA in the GPU  Environment a lot.
Jay just won the internet today. Hands down.
evga + amd = huge boner for nerds.
Oooh, If EVGA starts building AMD cards, I’m definitely switching to AMD. I’m in the process of building a PC right now and I want an SFF system, so … NO nvidia 4000 anyway, they are ridiculous anyway.
Any hopes of EVGA working with AMD?
If Amd wants to get Nvidia buyers to come over to team red then AMD needs to partner with EVGA. I will switch tomorrow
Evga leaving is the reason I’m going amd this time around
Great looking card, sure hope that one day they can partner with AMD. They always made some nice looking and dependable cards.
I'm so sad EVGA is no longer going to make any NVIDIA GPUs. I've been buying and using EVGA GPUs for over 16 years, ever since the 8800 GTX. They made high quality, good-looking, best warranty NVIDIA GPUs that is usually in stock more often with better deals/prices than competitors. I've only ever had to warranty 1 EVGA GPU and they quickly sent me the replacement GPU before I even sent the broken one to them. I've been an EVGA fan ever since.
I wish I could have bought one…. That card looks amazing!! RIP EVGA 😢
GN: Can I borrow it for an hour ? Jay: Sure, I bet you wonna test it as well GN: Nope - just want to rip it apart and compare to the real 4090 😅
Shame EVGA cards were extremely rare in the South East Asian market. Would have loved to experience a super high quality product.
EVGA knew that connector was an issue and were being proactive. Way to screw over consumers and push out the best AIB, NVidia.
7:30 yeah, EVGA made the right decision, no doubt.  They probably took one look at the new design and were like "yeah, no".
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I know the purpose of the video was to talk about the card. But did I miss a video on that Asus monitor? Super interested in the 42", but I'm curious how it is adjusting from a normal-to-mid sized (<32") monitor to something that large.
WoW a Unicorn!!!
Evga needs to go AMD
Oh lord... That's a chonker!
I was loyal to EVGA, not Nvdia. When EVGA said they were out, I switched to AMD.
I wanna give that 2K to EVGA for a 4090 FTW3 sooo much....
Help us Obi-Wan (AMD), You're our (EVGA consumers) only Hope!!!
EVGA truly made the best cards. Hoping for their swift return to the GPU business soon.
Man that 4090 looks so clean compared to whatever tf all the other guys are doing 😂 love the all black
Isn't you Kingpin wall missing the 780Ti and 980? Need some? xD
If you got EVGA to make AMD cards I would have to buy one of theirs and one of sapphires every launch just because lol
That's a nice card!
O no! I get a perfectly good excuse to reuse content lol
It is a bummer EVGA left the GPU space. I hope they do well in whatever endeavors they undertake. It would be cool to see what they could do with AMD, or Intel GPU's. Oh well.
Evga truly was the best. *hugs his 3090 ftw3 ultra*
Am a evga fan boy too. jay cherish that card 🥺
That's the best looking 4090 too! The big fans are great looking!
Congrats Jay, bet you were buzzing when they agreed
That smile… that damn smile. Every time.   Every Nvidia card I’ve bought has been EVGA. Glad the Not 4090 didn’t go to the dump.
Will EVGA make AMD 7000 GPU's?
I wonder what that card shows up as in gpuz
how amazing tho  kudo's jay  mad respect c:
EVGA made a better card "this time"? Their QC is so far above everyone else's, they made a better card every time.
Missed an opportunity to call it a 40-nottie here.
This makes me sad...I'm keeping my EVGA 3090ti ftw forever
Their business decision makes me super sad but I get it. :( I'm glad that you got a card for your collection.
RIP EVGA. I haven't bought a non-EVGA card in my life. It'll be weird buying a 4080 from someone else.
Jay so glad they sent this to you. You have been their ally and ambassador- no one is more deserving - congrats on a one of a kind!!!
I was waiting for the next gen EVGA card for my next build.. Now I'm beginning to see Red for price to performance
<Sadness> I am going to miss EVGA video cards, the only company that I did not feel the need to research every product release but simply had to know I wanted that particular chipset/generation/model and they would have one of, if not the best, product in that line.
Okay. This is pretty badass
I would love to see EVGA come back to Nvidia I loved their cards 😢 But i know that’s not happening 😔
Bought EVGA RTX 3070 FTW to replace Strix GTX 1080 couple weeks ago and it will join my collection of EVGA 285, 580 and 780.
😢so pretty
EVGA please make AMD cards! 😪
Ive been die hard EVGA For years man. This hurts my soul that I wont have this card for my next  upgrade.
So, will they change the name of the company to EPSU now?
I feel with you Jay ...
Here at 125,329 views.
Did you think about calling it the NG90?
Yo imagine how much you could sell that for
I’m just blown away that you was able to get precision x1 to load up I can not get it to launch
it looks so good it hurts
I'm a big fan of evga too. Last card I had and have is an evga 2070xc
I'm sure they are working in a comeback and if that comeback is with AMD that would be the icing on the cake
It is a shame that I will never own an EVGA 4090 TI, Evga were so reliable with their own drivers compared to Nvidia drivers that the nvidia icon would notify you about. and can't say in the 5 or 6 EVGA cards I have had, I have never had a problem with them, or the fans used, as they were a heck of a lot quieter than Asus fans, the only thing quieter was air cooled cards from before the days of multiple fan cards. back in the days where 80mm case fans were a thing. EVGA need to bat for the other team, and I for one would be first in the que at my local shop. as RTX2080TI is still stupid prices here in the UK.
EVGA did a god tier rage quit
oh fine, the only nice looking after market one.
WOWWW FIREEEEE !
So cool, thanks for sharing!
This video sends out so many positive vibes.
This makes me sad. I've always owned EVGA graphics cards since, I believe 600 series. Its been so long, I just can't remember exactly. I'm not knocking any other brand, but I'm super hesitant to even want to spend any money on any nvidia card, at least for now. EVGA is one of the few companies that actually listens to their customer base.
EVGA please team up with AMD
Now that their main product is power supplies, they need to change their name to EPSU.
Im honored to have witnessed the deflowering ceremony of the sword and board.
EVGA make AMD cards please you always have the best cards!
This is pretty dang cool.  Thanks for asking EVGA.  We all win a little getting to see this.
RX 7000 + EVGA🙌
Give it back thief
hopefully amd is ramping up with next gen. looks like nvidia is going down slowly.. fingers crossed. its just mental to see 2400euros gpu that burns
How much is my EVGA GT 210 worth?? sell it now or wait for some super nerd who just wants it because they aren't making GPUs anymore?
I still dont believe that a 12pin connector with smaller metal pins, is better than a pair of 8pins.
I would love to see EVGA make AMD cards. But that seems like a fanciful wish at this point.
the mf pulled it out guys, he really did it, and we love every inch of it
Evga and Amd good wedding
Lol sexy is the right term.  Got me hot and bothered at around 2:30
I just want a 3090 Ti! I can’t find anywhere
As much as I would want EVGA making AMD cards I wouldn't blame them if they didn't, getting burned by a partner a second time would be painful.
Put it up on ebay and with the money you would make you can quit YouTube and go live on a paradise Island
It's great Jay has this last Unicorn of an EVGA (not 4090). Hopefully you get to have it on your personal system, if and when the problems have been pinpointed!
17:03 same here lol have the ROG 4090OC and the MSI you have but i dont want to burn my PC or home :o
Jay your soo special!!
The one who will lose in all this is nvidia. First rule of business.. you don’t screw over your partners and piss in their drinks and call it orange juice!.
That should be one of the rarest graphics-card you could ever hope to get.
I'm very happy about EVGA
Bow down to you Jay
Bad ass card. What driver number was it that they uplifted 30 series? And come on EVGA we need an AMD card. You guys together on a card would be insane
This is sick
I Hope and pray evga builds card for some one even them selfs i love evga cards
If only. RIP EVGA. I hope we have them come back to us in some shape at some stage.
It looks sooo nice 😭😭😭
They should make AMD or Intel cards would be awesome! For now I am keeping my EVGA RTX 3080 FTW3 Ultra Gaming graphic card.
who els hoverd his mouse over the play bar to see iff he actually opens it and not be a teaser 😅
I saved up for 5 months for one of those and had to settle for an MSI.
Can't say I blame you not wanting to risk that card. That's a fantastic design. But at the same time, it would be fun to use LN2 and get that for at least a moment at the top of the leaderboard. One last hurrah for the king.
It’s a nice design and it’s a way cleaner card, but man EVGA has been making some weird business decisions. The went full on the American market which is why they have so much support grom the Americans. Meanwhile they where basically crapping on the EU market, almost refusing to ship GPU’s while others where shipping during the shortage. They have mostly been selling their low tier products aswel that are so worthless they are discounted that they are basically cheap. It’s sad cause smaller stores deserve good products to sell (not everybody can suck as bad as Amazon) and competition is good. Tldr, even I am sad that this GPU never came to market and I am not a fan of EVGA
Really glad they sent you this man. AMD.... PLEASE GET WITH EVGA! This 'not a 4090' is like the adult walking in the room and I love it.
Seeing the card design makes me even more disappointed because it looks waaay better than any of the other 4090s on the market.   Man, I really desperately want EVGA to come back in the market.....
I still can't get used to the size of the 4090 I found it absolutely absurd
Super happy I bought the 3080 12GB FTW3 for my wife just before EVGA announced they were done with Nvidia. Her last 3 cards have been FTW3s. It's going to be hard to buy something else in the future.
this makes me sad, I want so badly for more evga cards, I can only hope somehow there would maybe be an amd evga card one day?
We need AMD EVGAs we really do... it would be amazing to see Kingpin lowering the performance gap to Nvidia's offerings even further and some hybrid AMD EVGA Software with all the goodies... damn that would've been fire(but not a literal one like the 4090's cables).  Its truly depressing that EVGA just left... switching to AMD would've been a great thing to do for the fans and probably from business stand point as well as AMD's business behavior and all seems significantly better.
So sexy.....nice card to.
I LOVE EVGA as I will only buy their PSUs. DAMN them cards are THICCCCCCC
EVGA's ultimate state of the art legacy. This gpu card is precious.
So what exactly happened between EVGA and Nvidia? EVGA just didn't agree with Nvidia's recent shady/douchebag business practices, so they completely cut ties before the new cards came out?  It sucks to see this beautiful card (EVGA has always been my favorite, aesthetic-wise, graphics card maker) and know we will never have one. I know I'm probably just dreaming, but maybe we will see EVGA AMD Radeon cards sometime in the future? One can hope.
Honestly... if they decided to become an AMD partner, I might just get another Radeon. I mean.. it's only been like 20 years since my last Radeon (9500 modded to 9700), so, yeah... :D
You know what would be cool is getting custom enclosures to replace our third partys with evga on them
F
Imagine if you can sell the EVGA 4090, how much would people pay for it just for collection purposes
Damn. If I were going to buy a 4090 - and I'm NOT... that's what I would have bought. Why has no one else thought to put the power connector on the end? Oh, and I'll say it again: The new connector is too damn weak to carry 50A.
i wonder if evga gave you a working card on purpose to show us what it was capable of doing if nvidia didnt have that horrid design evga needs to goto amd soon or else people will forget them
If evga didnt pull away, the 4090 FTW3 prolly would have been the best 4090 on the market... F*ck you Nvidia, F*ck you.
I wonder if they will make their own cards and be a 4th in the market
All my GPU’s have always been from EVGA. Damn that 4090 looks sick. It’s better than all of the other partners. Damn!!!!!!
I'm really glad you got this and made a video. I'm an absolute EVGA fanboy (started with a 2070 Super Black, then 2080 Super which my wife now has, and now am on a 3070Ti FTW3) and was so disappointed to hear EVGA was pulling out of the GPU space. I absolutely respect their decision and reasons, but damn is it even more disappointing seeing just how good the "not 4090" looks.
Can i have it please i need it for my collection.
omg.. I want this card SOOOOOO bad!!!! I mean it even still has the 12VHPWR on the front and everything!! Intereted in a MSI Suprim X? LOL!! Makes me miss EVGA even more.
Man I’ve used EVGA cards for so long I feel like my 3080 ultra is a collectible at this point. I’m not a fan of the giant 4090 with the lousy power connector I guess I’ll wait and see what the future brings.
2:42 imo easily no, RTX 3000 / 4000 FE for me have the best design / sexiest design.
First time in my life i own EVGA GPU and its probably also the last one. Its kinda sad that i didnt find them earlier. But nevertheless 3070 ti ftw3 ultra is an amazing gpu
man, am i jealous of you having that card. Im as well an EVGA Fanboy!
Not going to lie, I'm pretty jelly
I would buy an EVGA AMD card
Sad. Have always liked there cards. Will keep my 3080 FTW3 as wall art when it gets upgraded.
No 4090 Kingpin Card for jay to push with ln2 :‘( there‘s so much potential that we sadly won‘t get to see.
I don't think I like the offset fans. It bothers me for some reason. I think I'd rather have the fans all lined up, but the center fan slightly smaller. I don't know if it would affect cooling though.  Otherwise, cool card. It's rather simple in design, yet elegant. And it was so nice of EVGA to give it to you. You know... they wouldn't have given one to just anyone who asked. ;) Jay really deserves it!
I really miss evga, I would have bought that 4090 model for sure 😓
That collection of cards warrants a display case made of 1 inch lexan polycarbonate and hardox 550. Also rgb... 😂
I hope EVGA enters back GPU market if not Nvidia make AMD gpu's and Intel GPU's as well.
Shouldn't the title be "EVGA made a not 4090" ?
That intro in beginning showing the card... Arh tears in my eyes
I cant believe they aren't making graphics cards but also happy they ended an extremely abusive partnership with nvidia
That's a sleek card. Love the curves and lines. Smexy.
please convince EVGA to make AMD Cards 🙂
EVGA is an awesome company
The fact that they made gaming product but their design and even software looks so professional… this was a different kind of company. I really hope they continue doing great things
Im still rocking EVGA 980Ti FTW , so it was sad for me to hear about EVGA leaving the market. I hope theyll comeback with a bang!
They shoulda never give nVidia money.....
that's a hell of a collectors item!
EVGA #1
They are burning up due to a fundamental design flaw. Not sure if this Nvidia gen can recover from that other than releasing a driver that holds the card to circa 350 watts.  Moores law is not dead and niether is Ohms law. Nvidia are gonna have to suck this one up
EVGA should work with AMD now they'd be really nice mates
Absolutely beautiful card!
Gorgeous card, shame we'll never see it on shelves. Love the Kingpin wall, I'm still running a 1080Ti Kingpin. I have a similar collection going but with their Dark motherboards, something I'll hopefully be able to grow for many more years.
I would instantly buy an EVGA AMD
Besides AMD partnership (which I would love to see happen), why not reach out to Intel as well? I'm sure Intel could use a good board partner like EVGA as well.
Phill will be happy you got rid of the herpes 😂😂😂😂😂
I'm not an EVGA fanboy, but jeez they really do know how to make a thing work better than others. And they always responded to the userbase with issues like the weird red clown lips on last gen cards got dealt with pretty quickly and actually being able to attempt to make their product better in terms of actual use, rather than being unrealistically high tech fastest ever power showcase with the fanciest and newest tech like all the other manufacturers seem to be doing. EVGA will be missed in the card competition between the companies and surely their abscence would make other brands to be a bit less aware of what they could do to make their cards better than what EVGA does. I hope more manufacturers can get their saggy cards less saggy without having to buy another piece of metal that consumes an extra RGB header.
THANK YOU JAY!!!!  For the "make AMD cards" comment. I would buy their card over anyone else's.
Why nobody have use the new 16pin/pcie 5.0 cable adapter on a 3090ti to see if you can over clock it and pull 600w like the 4090. Or if it also creates the same issues as the 4090.
Can you upload the rom to TechPowerUp?
Bet that thing would fetch a pretty penny on eBay.
Screw you, Nvidia!!
i always bought EVGA cards when I purchased cards up until I switched to AMD.
me wanty
I’d kill for an amd evga product
There it is, the finest 4090 produced
I want get it!!
EVGA why !!!!! Now I can only buy your amazing power supplys that I'll never see.  Im so og Im still using there power link bar for my founders 10 series card.
What if, EVGA creates custom waterblock for NVIDIA RTX4090... Can they do it?
Jay save de vBios and swap it with one tha has the power unlocked. It can be a bios from a diferent vendor, i did it to multiple nvidia cards over the years.   Hope u make video about that.
My current card is an EVGA FTW3 3070Ti... recently bought it over the summer, so I'll be gaming on my EVGA card for a few more years.
EVGA actually avoided a huge mess with these power adapters going faulty
Wow the manufacturer that makes no 40 cards.. Has made the reasonabel sizedisch one yet.. and is one of the only to Put the conector on a good spot. Well do i wisch we could get them.  But i fully understand their decision. Still sad do..
Jay… we all know you have pull at EVGA. We gotta convince them to work with AMD… That is exactly the kind of clout AMD needs to get off the ground
pretty jealous Jay. Enjoy it.
EVGA was the only brand I would get, because they were the only brand I trusted for cards. RiP 🙏
Omg i would have loved to have this over my Gigabyte Windforce 4090
That is one nice looking card... Sad to see that EVGA didn't consider partnering with AMD. With such clean looks I might have forked out the extra money just for the shinyness...
I'll Miss ya EVGA.  You were my favorite card vendor.
Just planting that AMD seed…
Every card I've ever had was an evga.. Sad.. 8800gtx,9800gtx,280,480,780, 980,2080ti, 3090rtx.. I'm sure I missed a few earlier cards as well
Oh man how much I’m going to miss EVGA. I’ve been asking around to see if someone would show the card they made but never released, and now you do it Jay.   Thank you for showing this.
nah, this is EVGA's "Tom Brady" version.... they'll be back.. so who's got a really hefty supply of PB&J ????
I just skimmed through the video and i hear. "The fans have herpes"... uhhh
69% fans speed. NICE !
Ah EVGA NEXT GEN GRAPHICS coming soon to a brick-and-mortar store near you.
Yes AMD x EVGA GPUs would be amazing
Getting low serial numbers is nice; getting Unit 00000000 is best.
"NEXT GEN GRAPHICS"... AKA, EVGA AMD GPUs
I love the middle finger to Nvidia by showing them what they're missing out on you should take an EVGA GPU cooler stick it on the AMD CPU just to piss them off a little more
I live Thats the evga Software for the NOT 4090 says RTX 4090 xD 😅
Irs such a shame they left. They really just made a product that worked well and was built to run and not for looks.
Please display it in a 100% evga build
Why THE HELL isn't there a 90 degree cable on these GPUs?! Literally, ALL the cables for this GPU series should be a 90 degree and NONE to be straight. Especially when they are priced so expensive, so utterly and disgustingly overpriced, they should come with a complete high end engineering and thinking on them. Anyone that buys a 40 series gpu is a moron, a bona fide IQ90 monkey that scammed people out of money in their life to buy this thing. Nobody should be buying such an expensive product that is so severely underengineered. This is the problem with present day society. Natural selection is gone, and all the low IQ individuals are polluting humanity.  Would you buy a car that has good engine but it's doors fall off or it has a high risk of fire because of the way it's engineered?! No, or if you did and found out later about the risk, you'd sue the living hell out of the manufacturer and demand a full refund instantly.
im sooo sad i didnt get evga 4090 - such BS delete this video
This would be a good look for a  7900 XTX, just saying 🙂
If EVGA ever decided to come back with AMD, id switch over %100
I want it jay Damm that’s the most beautiful Rtx 4090 to the moment and is not coming out 😭😭😭😭😭 nvidia I hate you for messing up with EVGA
WOOT!!!!!!!!
I cherish my 3080ti FTW3 Ultra. EVGA is my go to brand for buying gpu.  This "Not 4090" is an absolute stunner compared to other gpus.
Having finally abandoned Nvidia last gen, it’s Ironic that THIS card(which of course is not available),would have pulled me back in....😒
As someone who has been buying ONLY EVGA gpu's since the 700 series, this makes me extremely sad to see all the things they did right with this card and realize how good of a company they truly were. I hope one day they make some form of return to the GPU market(whether it's team red, blue or green).
Thank you for showing and it and it was so nice of them to give it to you.
I'll bet there's a dude working on OC BIOS in their spare time. hopefully wait and see? Really cool to see this, thanks for sharing. The only EVGA cards I've ever owned was like an 8600 GT and I recently bought a 2070 Super for a good price (upgrading from Gigabyte 1060 3GB). I really like them as a company but I don't know much about their hardware in comparison to others.
Man. I literally shouted at you and cried when you pulled it out of the box. That was going to be my next card. I really need that, it would be nice if they worked out the crap and released them.
i need this card:)please!:_)
Is there some reason another company can't have the power come out the back?
I think just knowing Jay was allowed to film and post a pre-pro production sample is unfortunately how committed EVGA is sticking to this split, but very interesting nonetheless
I love their card design, and I'm crying because seeing where they put the power plug shows their creativity over everyone else and they foreseen the issue. It's so sad what Nvidia did. I didn't need another 3080 card, but I found an evga hydro version for a great price and bought another from them.
You lucky bastard...😅
so just a rehash of 30 series look
Maybe EVGA knew the cards would nuke themselves, thats why they said, nope...
This is the perfect opportunity for them to team up with intel, one of the first third party creators for intel and to push them forward, higher than nvidia and make them regret treating them like garbage!
Damn  brings tears to my eyes
oh yea those fans look like they have drops of wa......um, ok or that too lmao
Now there is some unique Jay content
Best looking card very unfortunate
Shunt mod Shunt mod Shunt mod
BTW, Lucky Mofo;)
This is the holy grail of graphics cards.
I am not nice to FAS’ lol but that card looks pretty good for a Engineering sample.
This was a great video but i wish you gave EVGA a good send off by going back and benchmarking all the ECGA cards from the first one to show how far they came through the generations.
i used evga velcro strapas that came with the PSU to hold up the evga 3090 :D
super jellly XD i am really sad evga is out of the market of gpu's...... i would have instantly bought one from them..... now i probly wont get a new nvidia card. :(
Hang her on the wall, Jay. Comple the wall.
I doubt it'd ever happen, but I'd love to see EVGA make AMD and or Intel cards down the road
i want it !!!
This just makes me sad
1:09 Noice!
total bummer that they didn't release this to consumers. I hope they partner with nvidia again in the future.
Oh Jay, you glorious B@stard...
We got so robbed of this card, its so sad, I finally got my first EVGA card, a 3080ti FTW 3 and its been a monster, I instantly became a huge fanboy and was a lifelong customer, now they are gone forever...what a god damn tragedy... 🥺
Just make it a 7900xtx 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Nice.
Your hands smell lovely in person. 🐽
Can’t shill for a dead company? You proved everyone wrong. 😂
evga should come over to team red
AMD EVGA FTW
lol, EVGA must like you :-) well done J
Well....too bad that all of the RTX 4090 have a cheaply made FLAWED and DANGEROUS power delivery connector :-).
wow, that is a sexy card.
The ultimate.. EVGA Intel crossover..
I till have my gtx690 from evga 😊
Could evga license the icx to other companies?
this isn't a 4090, it's a "four thousand and ninety"
you need to post a score with it, just to get it on the boards, just to show that its real.
Man i would love a EVGA 4090...
This just makes me sad all over again lol
I would buy an EVGA AMD card in a heartbeat...
VOLTMOD IT! DO IT NOW! :P
very sad story for a monster like that
RIP EVGA.
How cool is that, best bragging rights graphics card ever period. well till the 5000 series assuming there is a 5000 series might get a naming refresh next time around.
Screw Nvidea! 3090 is the last I’ll ever purchase.
I want EVGA to really go rogue and partner with Intel.
Ohh the joys of buisness. That sucks you have to retest everything again....
Como detesto el diseño de evga, es tan malo, simplón y sin chiste, que arruina todos los setup
I don't know why all this yelling about EVGA 😒!! The only people actually have a EVGA graphic cards is the Tech Youtubers because EVGA give them the GPUs for review & marketing , I mean non of all my friends ever has EVGA cards since more than 15 year ago 😂 , so stop crying about brand no one care about it except you 🤮👎
I kinda hope EVGA doesn't tag along AMD or Intel. They should ride it out until the end of this generation to see how the market pans out. Nothing will change for companies like EVGA if they just tag onto another GPU juggernaut
Go touch some grass homie
EVGA RX 7900 XTX!
Would have been the best card series on the market. Hands down. Happy with my ASUS 3080 that I got in a trade but EVGA was unmatched.
It still looks like a ridiculous joke. EVGA made the right call noping out on releasing a 5 slot joke.
What a shame come on EVGA AMD or Intel cards!!!
Danm being a FTW3 fanboi myself i'm super jealous, want a kidney ?
You deserve to have one, happy for you Jay!
I would love them to team up with AMD but to really stick it to nvidia if they started working with intel to help build on the arc cards and with the next gen intel cpu having a full evga intel system from evga intel gpu an evga motherboard and intel cpu could really throw some much needed competition into the market . I want the intel cards to work I know they have a long way to go but having a decent third choice for a gaming card would be nice . I even bought an A320 for my i3 12100 office pc just to show my support
Ever since my first EVGA GPU (6200 that I still have and it works) I have never trusted a different company on my GPU’s. I think my last Nvidia GPU’s that I will have is this past generation, my 3090 XC3, 3070 FTW3 Ultra, 3070 XC3 Ultra 3060 Ti FTW3 Ultra and 3060 XC Ultra. I got them all directly from EVGA and because of Covid shortage I couldn’t go a 3080, but eventual  I will look for one just to have them all.  Definitely am skipping this generation because no EVGA, now  I think I have to evaluate my options with team red. The best thing that could happen it’s EVGA teaming up with AMD.
AMD and EVGA FTW4. Thanks Jay.
WOW! Just WOW!!
you can flash the xoc bios for a 1000 watt power target.
Now that is a collectors item.
EVGA had always made my favorite cards, a lot of my buddies were against them until I got them some evga cards and now it’s all we buy till now sadly
Love the honeycomb pattern on the back <3
Evga just make it right, out on their own just bei g good
It's beautiful!
I’m actually not disappointed. F Nvidia. AMD and EVGA all the way at this point.
In a dream world, EVGA would make their own graphics card and become a competitor to Nvidia and AMD
I love the end comment  !!!
I hope there is a 4090 with noctua fans
The last engineering sample of a product that never came out now that's something pretty awesome to own.
How could they be the only ones to think of the plug being on the side?.    F off every other aib
EVGA not 4090, the only RTX 4090 fitting in a case !
😢 the fact they built one
For a hobbyist in collecting GPU, this card is priceless . 👍
I’m extremely sad about EVGA, I’ve purchased all my cards from them over the years
3:47 Truly the hero we need in these scary times for the 4090, why Nvidia is burning good bridges is beyond me.
...I kinda wanna see it watercooled.
As a fellow EVGA fan boy, I will forever miss their GPUs. Still rocking many of their components today and will continue to support them.
Wow. I love the design. This is such a shame we didn't get it
Who wants an alphabet soup? I want EVGA AMD RX 7900 XTX FTW.
I'm going to frame my 3080Ti FTW3 when I'm finished with it. Love EVGA!
I hope EVGA starts making AMD cards. My first choice when I was looking at a new GPU was EVGA.
Oh look a 4090 that’s actually worth 10k…due to the fact that it’s the last and type of model. Congrats on this card Jay
See the relationship between jay and EVGA is appreciated from both sides wich is really nice to see its time for EVGA to team up with AMD
Yeah this gets a like.
If only there was a future EVGA RX 7900 XTX.
It's pretty cool to be able to see what 'could have been'
If EVGA had no plans of returning to the GPU market, would they hand over such a card to a youtuber with almost 4 million subscribers...? 😉
uhhh it literally makes you wish you hadn’t seen it. this was a perfect card, the chosen one that never could. it makes me so sad. great video jay!
I think this card deserves a formal name. "Not 4090" isn't good enough.
"The King that never was"
EVGA was absolutely the best company to get a graphics card from. From the quality to the warranty. So sad they arent making them anymore but I dont blame them. Nvidia seems to be treating everyone like shit nowadays.
This was the card that was going to get me to switch from team red to team blue but because AMD came out with the 7900 XTX @ $1,000 and does av1.... I'll probably never go to Team blue. Also I'm 99% sure that AMD is sandbagging hard right now. I can't wait for the review samples to go out. Too bad I don't have a EVGA ftw 3 4090 right now.
We need EVGA to sell AMD cards!
this evga jerking is so tiresome already
this thing instantly belongs in a museum
Make a pc with it
Will Precision X continue to receive support since EVGA is out of the GPU business now?
the graphics-card- nerd is sitting there like ' what a video'
That is an unbelievably cool collector's item for them to send you! That's the kind of thing that certain people will still be drooling over a decade from now.  It really says a lot about your professional relationship with them that they would send you something completely unattainable like that. Thanks for showing us, Jay!
I liked EVGA because they were one of the few American companies that made graphics cards. I think the only other American company making nvidia cards now is PNY.
i think the best part is the next gen graphics on it makes it funny as fuck to me lol
Now I can die know what EVGA 4090 would’ve looked like
If EVGA would have made the rtx4090 I would have bought it, and I think that would have fit in my NZXT H1 v2 case just like the EVGA rtx3090 does. Oh well.
NOOO I WANTED A FTW3 SOO BAD
No clown lips, I don't approve.
LONG LIVE EVGA
Gracias por mostranos esa maravilla. Esperemos que EVGA piense en sus fanaticos que compramos sus productos desde sus inicios . Yo les pido a EVGA y a NVIDIA que resulevan sus diferencias comerciales ya que los unicos perjudicados somos los consumidores amante de las 2 marcas. No puede ser que sean tan inmaduros comercialmente. Yo tambien tengo empresas pero no hay nada que no se pueda resolver y ojala dejen los egos a un lado.  Creo que deben reconsiderar su separacion y esa decision tan infantil.  Ojala no pierdan de vista a los consumidores que creo que eso es lo que esta pasando ya que una de las partes piensa que flota o es un ser supremo. Cuidado han caido empresas mas grandes por perder su norte comercial. Saludos y ojala veamos volver a EVGA con sus productos graficos y ojala se sienten en la mesa los jefes, conversen y se abuenen pensando en nosotros.
This just makes me sad
Nice card and video Jay! I will miss EVGA cards...
Would have loved a Hydrocopper of that. Honestly I was hoping this was going to be an independent EVGA card. If EVGA does go AMD, I'd probably follow. I've had an EVGA card in every PC I've ever built.
Biggest flex a tech tuber can do lol. Get unreleased stuff
Is it wrong that I'm slightly aroused right now...or would it be weird if I weren't?
They should build and sell AMD. I'll buy a couple.
This is such a cool experience for you Jay! Be proud of that baby! Not being able to up the power limit really sucks but you can’t complain for what they did for you to run it, which in itself show EVGA’s passion and care for the end user. Just a thought… would Afterburner work with that card? I’ve used Afterburner on a stock Dell 1650 super and overclocked the crap out of it and it worked surprisingly well lmfao
Dammit... that would have easily been the best looking model 4090. Vast improvement over the 30 series. No I'm even more bummed about them leaving NVIDIA.
Jay has the holy grail. That card is probably his most precious possession right now.
time to go cut myself ...................... some bacon
Still  a brick still has that awful rgb side.
The EVGA stoping Nvida cards sounds like a huge marketing stunt.
EVGA fan boy too 😂 all of my graphics cards are made by them and I’m disappointed they stopped I have to think hard about any other card I buy now. I guess my 3080ti hybrid is gonna live a long life in my build 😂 Nvidia needs to fix this relationship
EVGA's "last hurrah" for grapics cards.
I'm glad AMD said no to the stupid connector.
Use cheat engine and boost it past the limiters
I have a FTW 3 3090 never getting rid of it
Holy grail of internet, you are worthy to own it! You got my subscribe for this!
Can’t think of anyone who deserves that more.   Don’t have a shrine, but my first PC I built for personal use has a 980 in it that will go to use in either a media computer or displayed.
EVGA (((((PLEASE MAKE AMD CARDS)))))
Show of hands, who wants to find the address of Jay's studio and break in to get pictures of the museum?  I wouldn't dare touch it though. We've all seen how vicious Phil can be.
The absolute KING of all of these 4090´s, would still be the Noctua made. But due to the fact that Noctua isnt interested? in taking over the GPU market with the best of the best Air coolers :/   The Noctua 3080, was just a insane card, that you nearly could no where get your hands on, maybe for a insane over price.
its definitely the one of the nicer cards!
Looks a cool compact design such a shame they stopped I will miss them too, also you said about the more power which driver version is needed for this and will it work on my 3080ti
That is one beautiful chonky ass card.
the card that prolly would have topped the charts....the card that never was and never will be.....ROCK ON EVGA, and thats cool u got it Jay...
Sad that EVGA is not making AMD Radeon cards. The 7000 series from AMD look really promising.
I was originally planning an EVGA Dark z790/13900k system with an EVGA branded RTX 4090......very sad.  Always had evga cards and always had a great experience.
I'm happy and sad that this was the card I was going to choose for my update of my build. I really hope that evga brings gpus back to the Market eventually with any brand and the same awesome support structure behind it.
This card is vaporware, but still looks amazing.
Would love to see it disessambeled
Man if nvidia wasn't so damn greedy the perfect version would exist.
Awesome to see sad it never happened..
You've gotta put this in your personal system
Same...Evga is the Saphire of Amd for me...this sucks they are not making GPUs anymore.
Dose that graphics card give you the achievement for using unrecognized hardware on 3dmark?
Ok. Now I am really jealous.
This makes me sad, but my wallet happy
Jesus that thing is huge lol
That the engineering sample is so nice, even with software quarks, is a testament to how good EVGA was in the graphics card market.  That EVGA left NVidia and 4090 behind is a testament to how bad they really are.  Also native ATX 3.0 burning?  Where story?
I hate Nvidia and the 4000 series. But if I could pick up this card, I would.
Running 3080 from Asus now but in my old PC I still have my first GPU, EVGA GTX 960. It was a great card which accompanied me till 2021. It's still working and will now be a nice piece of GPU history ;)
They're melting because they're undersized!
If only.  Btw it looks exactly like the Sapphire Nitro+ haha
AMD and EVGA together is something I have been wanting for a long time
Ok cool. Now box it up and send it to Linus and Anthony
I don't have side panel issues with the 4090 but the plug placement on this card is brilliant.
F
Surprised he took it out of the box considering it’s probably not going to get updated drivers over time and whatnot and isn’t really worth running in a system.
Okay.... This is pretty cool!
I have an EVGA power supply. So far it's been a trooper. It's only a little over a year old though. Hope it lasts over 4 more.
Sooooo jealous!
0:47 Obama
Sooo, is anyone having trouble with their nVidia cards pegged near 100% at idle lately? You look and find 'dwm.exe' is the one pegging it, 'desktop window management'. Well, I and several others are having this problem and it seems to have been introduced sometime in the last two driver releases. The crazy part (or dumb part, depending on how you look at it) is that this isn't a 'new' bug. It's happened before and there are several Reddit threads about it from years ago and how to fix it.   If you have this problem, I suggest you take a look. There's two remedies, one being to rollback your driver to a version that doesn't bork it all up or to disable "Hardware-accelerated GPU scheduling" via Windows display graphics settings. I have no clue what that does or what I'm missing out on by disabling it but it worked for me! Now to wait until 1. nVidia admits they borked it and/or 2. releases a hotfix/new driver version with the fix. Something tells me I'm going to be waiting a while...
Please come back EVGA! 😭❤‍🩹 We want the NVIDIA EVGA RTX 4000!🙏
EVGA as everyone said makes beautifull cards, they have style they just know how to do things...
Bravo EVGA. I want the unattainable
Sad face 😢
Just to get one of these cards would be cool it has the power to heat your home all winter
I prefer the string sag prevention  the stupid posts are never long enough for my case and the MSI sag bracket i use now just feels jank
Thought Jay was gonna cry lol
Beautiful card by EVGA. Thanks for sharing this with us. Cherish that thing good sir!
I've always trusted EVGA, period.  I really wish they hadn't quit.
And Intel ARCs!
I can’t live without EVGA 🥲.
I could only imagine that EVGA cooler on 7900 XT(X) and with EVGA ICX sensors...
it seems like evga will make their own cards or partner with a different company, hence the title of "next gen graphics"
Thats super cool that EVGA trusts you enough to give that to you. Super cool
A graphics card video of a gpu that I can't have.... so pretty much the same graphics card as any other graphics card launched in the last 3 years. Joking of course.
Used to love msi, but evga took me on my last go and I miss them this gen
What could only have been...
It;' the EVGA "Fouty-NONEty" !!!!  (I was thinking... what if  they're burning because the metal plugs aren't making full contact with one another and that's causing sparks inside the plug... and that is causing the heat???)
I was looking forward to replace my evga 1080ti with an evga 4090. 😞
I'm already thinking of going AMD.  If EVGA went AMD I would switch. EVGA is such a great company and their cards were the best.
the card we all wished for, hoping they pick up on amd cards too.. så ready to get a 7900xtx
for those cables, i am pretty sure if the tests were in a case, the 40 to 45C ambient temp with no airflow in the plug's region would make a difference of 20C for the room temp VS in case temp plus the heat being caged in it's little corner with probably no airflow on the plug, that could add an other 10 to 20C and you had 65 so, 65+ 20 + 20 = 105. (the worst case scenario is the one to aim for, and 45C in case temp is rather normal, not optimal but common.)
I got serious 3dfx 6000 vibes from this
EVGA FTW!
You are so lucky!
It'll have a good home overlooking the chaos of your world that is the 4090. Seeing this, I really hope EVGA is talking with AMD about making something happen in some way. Be really awesome.
Why doesn't evga go with AMD? It makes more sense
this thing is going to end up in an auction in 50-100 years time and sell for that time periods equivalent of billions.
Amazing ... Thought Exactly about that would missing just the 4090 Kingpin...
Make a plaque and call it the "EVGA Faux-90". IMO the power draw is not worth an upgrade, my EVGA 2070 super is doing amazing with current and old games and I doubt I will need to upgrade for a few more years. If anything I will switch to the 7000 series, EVGA please make these cards.
That gpus thicc
Watching Sapphire and EVGA duke it out on the AMD side would sure be interesting
We need to make petition to have this card made
Take the “nExT gEn gRaPhIcS” off of the side and i would definitely pick this one up over all of the rest
You lucky lucky man
its an impressive card.  the styling is outstanding, understated with a nice splash of RGB Color there behind the name plate.  makes the entire situation all the more sad.  and Jay, nice video.  i think you put the right tone on this.  i think everyone is sad about EVGA and seeing this and what it represented for what they were planning really turns the screws on that.  seeing it all, im left thinking AMD cards might have been really fun... or maybe intel?  either i think would benefit from them getting involved.
Honestly if EVGA did stay it would’ve been a tough choice between MSI Suprim and EVGA FTW3.
Been using EVGA since the 8800GTS, they were the most reliable cards.. NEVER had one fail
wish they had kingpin would have made a hell of a card
Crème de la crème 🇫🇷🇫🇷👩🏻‍🎨👩🏻‍🎨
Mentioning the "card that never was" and "what should(n't) have been", call it the Kingdom Hearts GPU.
the best looking graphics card of this generation and Nvidia screwed them :(
Whoa, the fans are slightly staggered, guess that's the only way there were going to get them to fit in that much space. Didn't notice that, my 3090 is all inline.  Edit: oh wait no... mine are not inline. I guess I never noticed (or didn't care to remember).
EVGAs engineering sample looks better than most other final products...
Yea I really wish I didn't sell my kingpin cards now. At least I still have the 3090 kp with the Optimus block on it.  Hopefully I can get a Galax hof card this gen.   Okay I'm very jealous.  I want one too!
Why can’t gigabyte or msi leave instead why evga :(
It's in good hands at least. Good for you man.
looks like Sapphire Nitro + 6900xt
sigh. we all as consumers lose for losing evga. everything they did was prideful quality.
Jay thank you for this. EVGA will be missed in the gpu world.
Is a shame EVGA leaving Nvidia but i think they leave at a time, and the card is a BEAUTY, the suport and the cables on the end is amazing!
“Not 4090” 😂 Man that has to be cleanest looking 4090 aside from the fe. I wish they could at least go team red
Evga makes good Graphics cards. But not good PSUs
Very clean card also the pci at the side was awesome atleast for these particular connector
always gone evga, if they went to AMD id def jump with them
Just flash the Strix or Founders bios onto the card
I was completely resolved to only own EVGA gpus.... I will NEVER even consider purchasing a founders card.  Nvida has great products but terrible business ethics.
I wish that they team up with AMD or Intel in the future or both for their gpus
All EVGA build!!!
That would have been a logical upgrade for me, all the ducks in a row, with a not to stupid size.  EVGA might have got it right. An opportunity lost its sad.
Rip Evga Gpus I got my first watercooled 1070 from evga I hope they start making alot of new products And evga case would be cool
dayum, thats one of the best cards i've seen so far
Ooooooo EVGA AMD cards.. I like the sound of that.
It is beautiful
I think you may have the highest score for a EVGA "not 4090" and may keep it for a while.  (wink wink nudge nudge)
Me to
Think its time for an allest as possible EVGA build. 🙂
I really wish AMD would fix their performance in video software. Having basically half of the performance of nvidia in DaVinci Resolve is just a deal-breaker. I'm sure plenty of ray-tracing aficionados and streamers also won't use AMD for their lackluster performance in those two instances, too. It's sad, because AMD cards are monsters for rasterized performance.
Perhaps the last "EVGA card" for its fanboy 😁
Nice as it would be for them to make an AMD card, I think I'd settle for them licencing their GPU related patents to other manufacturers and making life better for everyone.
I am pretty sure EV3Λ is not the same thing as EVGA
The connector should be slimmer, smaller & more compact! The Card itself should be a brick!  No.. Just slap something beefy like a molex connector on a GPU. That won't melt. And make the card itself sexy.  I'm still surprised by the internal research.. "Yeah, 'bout 30 Plug Cycles and the connector is done. That is ready for the consumer market Boss, right? Oh YES. That sounds like an excellent quality product we should slap our name on."
beautiful card and thoughtfully designed its so sad to have them go
Is EVGA still producing their 3000 series cards or do they have a bunch still remaining in their inventory? I've been checking their website, and most of the 3080s and 3070s are sold out.
we all want the EVGA 7900 XTX kingpin
Downloaded the new drivers and ended up with desktop widow manager messing up my system and now im back on the older drivers
Given the title, I expected an unrelated product just named something 4090 for the lols, did not expect an actual gpu. Would love to see evga making shells (kinda like waterblocks, if you get my idea) for existing 40s so enthusiasts could mod their 40 into a evga version of it.
Can you upload both bios with gpu-z?
All I ever bought was EVGA. Rest in piece.
yes EVGA AMD graphics cards would be so Awesome.
Looks like a Sapphire Nitro.
Sad to say I got the best deal on a 3080 cause evga made too many cards and had to sell what they had. Even back when I got back into PC gaming, I had an evga 1050 cause it was the most affordable. If I were to build a 4000 pc it would most likely have an evga card in it after watching this. Sad.
god it would of been one of the better looking ones.. but I digress. lol
They also had extra fan and argb headers on their cards.   EVGA is the best please come back!
if you listen hard enough you can hear Steve's screwdrivers chafe at a card he can never teardown.
That's as rare as a 1983 Corvette !
Thanks for showing us this you can say you got the last evga none 4090
I am baited….
Wow, in some ways that video makes me sad.
This is an awesome video, Jay and Crew. Exciting, genuinely unique content. Thanks a ton for this.
PLEASE EWGA MAKE AMD CARDS ALL SEND THEM MAILS
Sapphire is great but an AMD EVGA card would be next level. I never got the chance to own an EVGA card but all the friends I've recommended them to have had nothing but good things to say. I already plan on jumping the Nvidia ship next card I buy, that would just be the cherry on top.
a damn shame cuz its a beautiful card and its super cool someone has it and showed it off we probably would never know this existed
It would only be fitting that you put it in your Case Labs SMA8 if you ever do a build with it.
Developing that amazing heatsink into a universal vga cooler would be incredible. Looks like it could go passive on most cards or insanely cool with a pair of 140mm fans.
I do hope EVGA do make both AMD and Intel GPUs in the future. I doubt we will see Intel dGPUs however due to the amount issues Intel is having at the moment.
My god I want it.....its at times like this I wish I had the connections to get something as unique as this :(
No EVGA, No Nvidia. My next graphics card Will be AMD.
Although I'm more of a asus guy, I really love the design and features of the 4090 from evga. Man it's weird not seing them on the market anymore. Hope they'll be back with gpu's if nvidia ever decides to value their partners right.
They could have sold that at a premium and made a decent margin
Nvidia chase so far this time, not just brought out xtreme expensive, massive gpu, cut partnership with evga, release saggy 4080 12gb, burning 12pins psu… Ps: i’m convince that nvidia force amd to make their gpu with 12 pins and they refuse like a chad. And that’s no more friend.
elmore IC it Debaurer did it to a ASUS 4090 pulled 700+ watts
Really hoping we see EVGA cards again. Maybe even a EVGA custom laptop??
I wish they would make Intel cards.
Intel & EVGA  graph would be a interesting thing
ok deleted this once alreaady  im only 2 min in aand once he showed the card its like this is the greatest fucking thing and the saddest fucking thing i swear  cause damn this hurts xD  i love evga alot xD its sad that things will only probably get worse and not better for the other companies. at the rate this is going of course unless nvidia changes lol  nvidia changing
😢😢😢
If they would team up with AMD I would get one
I like the evga 4090 looks so good :)
How abouutttttttttttttt,they prove Nvidia they have a superior design and then they could maybe negotiate something. The design just says they knew what to get right
This makes me sad.. damn.
I would do unspeakable things for this card!
congratulations @JayzTwoCents this card is a piece of Tech history and you have it a thing to be very proud of.  all that just shows even in the industry it is like a relationship if you treat your partner like shit your partner will say bye like EVGA did now to Nvidia.  I really hope they will take the chance to at least try out to make AMD cards i think EVGA could push Radeon really good.
I would like to see EVGA come out with their own GPU, like Intel did.
Every gpu I've ever owned has been evga. If they do end up making amd gpu's in the future, you best believe I'll be switching to team red.
If EVGA goes AMD, I’ll buy it.
FUCK that card would’ve been the best one they actually solved every single problem
LTT be like: "imma buy two"  Gamers Nexus be like: "I'll dissect two"
The perfect 4090 will not make it to the world ... damn I was so hyped to get a 4090 evga and when I saw the news " evga and nvidia no longer working " I instantly opened ebay and I was looking to 3090 kingpin
Lmao the perfect designed card was the one that never lived
Me love zotac
what are the odds that someone writes you an illegal fully functional Vbios just so u can put it on a leaderboard
No red clown lips are a big plus.
Having it say "Next Gen Graphics" instead of 4090, is far sexier than I thought it would be.
I want EVGA to do an ARC A310 mini PC and i mean mini sub 1 liter  If EVGA is done with GPU’s… well they make make mini PC’s with GPU’s inside
really i want to cry.. i will really miss EVGA.. favorite GPU brand ever.. wish some day to comeback
Part of me wishes that EVGA would pull an XFX and swap to Team Red. I think if EVGA did so, and brought their Hydro Copper cards to AMD, it would disrupt the hold Powercolor has with the Liquid Devil cards
glad to see this go to you Jay! couldn't see it going to anyone else. Thank you sir for showing it to us!!!
This makes me happy and sad all at the same time.  RIP EVGA Graphics... 🍻
Good new if EVGA make Amd graphic card I wish
Jay *moves slider for voltage* “You can’t move the slider, but you can type it in” 🤨
🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
EVGA FAN BOY HERE AND MAN THATS NICE CARD
shunt mod time
if EVGA made Radeon cards, it'd be over for the 40 series
Sooooo SEXY!!
Man. So sad EVGA isn’t continuing with nvidia cards. Haven’t been around PC’s for very long but since I’ve gotten in to them, I’ve always used an EVGA gpu, and have picked up the last 3 Kingpin cards as well.
Well if EVGA makes cards again I will buy one and even pay full msrp it's the principle of the thing.
Thanks for sharing this with us! However I hope that yoy put the card under display and don't use it, it is a one off piece and having it break would be awful!
I will give you 10k for it.
Congrats man. I've used EVGA cards forever and am gutted they left the gpu scene but I get why. Was super cool to see their efforts for the 4090 and am really impressed with what they came up with. Kudos to you for constantly showing their product in your videos and supporting them.  Glad you got a rare piece of tech for the collection, super cool of them to send it to you and working as well. Be cool if they send you a 1.1 revision of precision with the power slider working but tbh they have gone above and beyond doing this.
Nvidia has blood on their hands
Yup, EVGA fanboy here too. One of the main reasons why I'm going full Team Red this time around is because I won't have an EVGA 40-series; Nvidia's behavior during the shortage being the other.
I'm so jealous and sad lol
EVGA you will be missed 😢
I'd love to see a partnership with AMD, but with the current CEO that will NEVER happen. It just won't. Seeing EVGA and Sapphire creating parts together would just be my dream come true.
This made my day <3
I would have FORSURE bought that 4090 over my Trio🤘🏻 Miss you EVGA 😢
I love EVGA's look. I really hope they decided to jump in on RDNA3 and that would boost AMD's market share.
I was wondering for a while now if they had made any 40 Series cards before the split, now we know!  o>o
This is such an interesting video but also makes me so sad.
"The Queen who never was" 💔
I’m so saddened that they aren’t making any more graphics cards.. I don’t even mind if it was AMD or even Intel.. all I do is gaming and social media..
Sometimes, it pays to be a fanboy. 😎 And by "sometimes," I mean when the company in question is run by someone like Andrew Han who is more interested in making a quality product than making profit by any means necessary, who are loyal and recognize loyalty. Sadly, those companies are practically extinct.
that will be worth money in time.
The card that would have been, the card that could have saved face for the RTX 4000 range. Now, if someone could convince EVGA to make AMD cards as Jay said, it would be cool.
I have always chosen EVGA for graphics cards. I have a 3090ti FTW3 now and have no idea what I'll do when it's time to upgrade again.
It's looks ao good, what a waste.
EVGA need to move to intel and amd graphics
I would LOVE for EVGA to make AMD cards !!!
The EVGA that never was. BTW DerBau3r overclocked a 4090.
MAAAAN you got the best relic of all time right now. Its gonna be a 1B$ collectors item in the future :D
This is so bittersweet...
I beg my pardon, but EVGA got one of the ugliest (Red Dragon are king in absurdity) cards ever built. Sorry, I'm just honest.
I had a GTX980 FTW and have a 1070 FTW card... Those are always lovely, silent and well made. EVGA nVidia cards will be missed. I hope they start making AMD cards thought, I'd buy those...
Makes me happy and said all at the same time
whats thats huge monitor?
I would pay 4 timed the amount of money to get this special EVGA card. This an extremely valuable collectible
I never liked their 2000 and 3000 series design, but this one looks really nice. Especially the power connector on the back. I wonder why no one else does that. I do hope they will go AMD. Let NV rot with their 3000 series chips for years. Greedy wankers.
At this rate of going, Jay will have the not 4080 12GB soon!
Nevermind AMD, I hope they start making Intel ARC cards, putting more weight behind a third competitor.
WOW Nvidia missed out on the best AIB You tested on both BIOS's?
That is/ was going to be a great card. Still love my 3080Ti.
Hey there... Your last sentence... Wish it would come true, really do, but, but, but noooooo...
Jay, you could put this up for auction and retire off how much you could get for it. :D
Such a beauty
I know the competition is healthy and I like both, but you've killed nexus with this video... I'm dying to see what his next video will bring
ill trade you an evga 3080 hybrid for that...
Shame Jay. EVGA ditches nvidia, and Corsair made an all AMD laptop. How’s a man supposed to shill for nvidia these days?
Turn the fans off use external fan.
Same here... Every time I saw EVGA logo when I went buying GPUs in shop I was smiling and being excited-happy like never before... For me that was thesame as the kid who gets KINDER SURPRISE EGG... I knew I'm gonna spend a lot of money but I didn't care... Now when EVGA is done with NVidia,I really hope that they'll produce AMD GPUs since AMD is far more opened for designs than NVidia...
Nvidia is digging its own grave.
Wouldn't it be great if EVGA changed their minds and started producing graphics cards again?  They could partner with McDonalds and release a GPU and call it the EVGA 4090 McRib Edition.
if this is a one of one, put it up for sale for like a million and donate to charity :D
That card deserves a spot on that wall.
EVGA making current gen AMD card would actually be a smart move. I would be even more down for Intel GPUs starting next gen. Especially for the US market where EVGA was WAAAY more popular than here in Europe
ffs, put that thing on a wall and it will also work as radiator 🤣🤣🤣
Why doesn't EVGA partner with AMD?
Imagine how much that EVGA 4090 is worth... One of a kind GPU not released to the public from a beloved company. "The last melon..."
Nice job Jay, you deserve it.
imagine a kingpin version of this.... sad just sad :(
And they the only ones that put the power connector on the side
Loved seeing this card. Great video 👍
I'm annoyed that Nvidia denied us of this awesome card I was really looking forward to buying another EVGA card because the 3070 was my first card and it instantly made me a fan here's to the those of us huffing hopeium hoping for evga to make Amd cards in the future
Every Collectors wet dream. Respect!
I want to see a EVGA RX 7900 XTX and RX 7900 XT pleaseeeeeeee 😭
what driver unlocks more performance and when was it released? im currently on driver ver 526.61
This video hurt a bit 😢
Get those 1080ti vibes on this gpu
Nvidia loss one of the best designs 4090’s out there that fits in a everyday case than the BEomath reference I still say they could have used the standard 8 pin connector please evga launch an amd product in January I would loved to have seen an xtx- given new reports of the connector melting you know a major redesign is going to happen and the only way nvidia can complete now is to revert back to 8 pin and allow board partners to do the same
Very cool review of the prototype/pre-release version of the "Not 4090" card from EVGA.  I like that they kept the style of the 30 series, but the "Next Gen Graphics" just make the card look way to busy.  I'm sure it would have looked sick with its final finishes.   This video really makes me want to keep an eye out for an EVGA 3080.  It was my favorite card from the generation, but I could never catch it at the right price point.
My Msi gaming trio has new bios 222 or something now from 220 not sure what it did or does seems the same as before
That's a great looking graphics card it's a shame EVGA has stopped making GPUs. I have had EVGA cards for years.
Damn, they really fixed all the problems I had with the previous design. I wish it didn't come to this, and I'm still really mad at nvidia for this.
i wonder what the naming would be for a evga 7900xtx.. would they use a FTW just as a little burn?
It’s so smart for EVGA to do this! Now everybody who watches Jay loves EVGA and will buy EVGA products. Including me!
omg that is glorious
FOR THE LOVE OF ALL IS SACRED, PLEASEEEEEE loby on EVGA to star making AMD cards!! LOL
Sooo, did Gamers Nexus not get one or will their video take longer?
Had only EVGA cards in my builds since 2006. Sad to think the next one won't be.
It’s so sad I would’ve bought this in a fucking heartbeat 2 grand or not…..
Can we all acknowledge that Jay is now in possession of The Ark of The Covenant?
That is a real collector's item.
Always preferred EVGA.  Sad
we cant have nice things
Could this be a clue to EVGA making their own card?  4 manufacturers in the market?
That music really hit different when I was looking at that 4090 that never was.
EVGA gets more based by the day
Benchmark the not 4090 please :D
I wish they still made them!  Would have totally bought that!
I adore EVGA, I adore my EVGA 3080 I got from the queue.  I have no idea what my next card will be, it won't be Nvidia though.  Been upgrading and building PCs, and servers, since the 8088 days.
ive only ever bought one evga card, it was a 970 back in 2013.... and that thing still works with zero issues. ive used it in maybe 5 different pcs and now its running my home server. just felt like sharing that
@JayzTwoCents  I have an EVGA 8800 GTS here if you want it for your wall? I have been an EVGA fanboy for a long time... seeing that "Not 4090" breaks my heart :(
I'm faithful to EVGA for their customer service and reliability.  I have a FTW3 Ultra 3080 now, previously a EVGA 1070, and so forth, all the way back to a 285GTX.  If I had gotten a 4000 series, it would have been EVGA.  Going to miss not seeing them around.  Now I'm not sure which brand to go with.
Sad to see such an amazing card that no one else can have  Still hopefull evga builds radeon cards soon
Kudos to EVGA for making or starting to make a product that could have help with the fire hazard issues of the 12v plug placement, looks beautiful AF and then having the balls to tell nvidia they weren’t going to put up with their shit anymore and leaving millions of dollars on the table. R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Please I want EVGA to make AMD cards
The exposed heatsink on the side just isn't a good look, especially when it looks like a cheap heatsink. The founders got it right with a minimal amount of visible heatsink and it's black.
God damn, seeing this and knowing how good EVGA's 40 series cards could have been is just so damn depressing. I'm still running a EVGA 1080 FTW and had a 970 SC before that... Their cards are the best in the market.
Thanks for showing us this mythical card Jay, looks sick.
What's the point in showing this card ?
I'm so jealous of this... :-(
I wonder what would have to happen for EVGA to return to making cards.
What could've been. It's sad. Fuck you Nvidia. I hope so much that EVGA eventually pairs up with AMD and their, so far, amazing looking cards. Kingpin would LOVE to overclock them to beat the shit out of a 4090 ti. A 7950 XTX, imagine. 550 watts probably, but a powerhouse compared to the 4090 while being probably only $100-$200 more than the 7900 XTX.
This video was extremely bittersweet somehow.  We'll all miss EVGA.  No one really did it like them.
Boy the design of this card just makes sense.  When I read the title of this video I was really interested to see if EVGA kept that terrible 12pin connector.  I guess they did the best they could by moving it to the back of the card but it just doesn't seem feasible to push that amount of electricity through such a small connector.
Ah!  The card that never was, and will never be for sale.  While this makes me sad in a way, I appreciate you sharing this with us, Jay.  And I'm genuinely happy for you that you have this to add to your collection.  The fact that its not "perfect" makes it more than perfect for the collection.  There are so many good things about this card that would have made it awesome to have.  From the very clean side with no power connector to impede on the visuals, to the beefy slots to help with the sag, and finally the larger size overall helps to hide the offset of the fans.  *chefs kiss*  The only issue I see with moving the power adapter to the front side of the case would have been that it would probably cause an issue with fan clearance.  I'm still waiting for card manufactures to pull a Gigabyte, and move the power adapter to the opposite side of the PCB, so that it faces towards (hopefully) a grommet to really help with hiding the power cable(s).  Anyway, Cheers.  Thanks for the video.
F in chat for EVGA and what could have been.
High like it. High like it a lot.
When I built my PC a couple years ago I went with EVGA for a couple components including the graphics card, I had a scare that ended up not being an issue but one call to the EVGA customer support made me feel really good about my decision to purchase from them. I'm considering upgrading but honestly not enthused with prices at the moment so I'm being patient, but nonetheless I wanted to stick with EVGA this time around too.  Jay, if you don't have every EVGA card ever made then you should really collect them all since you have this oddity, you may have a really rare collection that could be museum worthy someday, seriously. Plus, I'd like to see that video.
It should say on the side ‘last generation graphics’ bdum tssss
I’ll buy it 2,000.00
This is amazing. That was super cool of EVGA to give that card to you. I'm sure you'll cherish it.
So sad
Such good looking Not RTX4090 card.
*Shit* I'll take a 4090 with no heatsink, no fan, and have a  picture of a dick painted on it.  I'll figure it all out lol.
Right now, you have probably the most expensive card in the world :)
THAT 4090 SEXY ASF HOLY
That's a good looking 'not 4090' graphics card.
Since EVGA will unfortunately no longer be in the GPU market anymore, what board partner would be closest to putting out a graphics card as close to what EVGA did?
EVGA should totally start making AMD GPUs!
Jay. The plugs on the 4090 are burning up because on some connectors they are not lining up and causing arching, which is creating heat and resistance. This is exacerbated by inexperienced people not fully seating the new connection.
EVGA MAKES MY DAY,LIKE A L W A Y S +++
Evga FTW is the ONLY cards I ever bought, still using my 2080ti FTW, I wanted a 4090 FTW card so bad, its so sad because now I have No idea what I will switch to
EVGA should crowdfund with Intel and use that design and layout for Arc series. It’s so cool
Conspiracy theory: EVGA knew that the adapters were poorly engineered/made and knew it would melt the adapters and cable sockets, knew there would be complaints and RMAs and eventually recalls, but Nvidia refused to redesign/reengineer the power cable adapters, and EVGA said "screw that, we're not losing money on this crap."
Extremely distraught EVGA pulled out of GPUs.  It's the only company I have ever used for my builds. Not sure what is next.
RIP EVGA GPUs. I'm never selling my 3080 FTW3.
AMD cards YES please
Everyone misses EVGA 😢
I'll sincerly miss EVGA cards, they've been so good to me with their reliability and performance. I'll rock my 3080 XC3 Ultra for as long as I can
It's basically a working prototype
I have the 1070ti EVGA FTW
I love my "Red Lips" 3090 FTW3 so much - never thought that it would be my last EVGA card back then when I got it
I just set my power limit to blah blah blah and now my GPU is fried...
You lucky SOB!!!! I have a collection of EVGA K|NGP|N and classified cards too! I also have some older EVGA cards like 8600GT, GTX 580, GTX 680 and I have a 780TI classified, 980ti classified and a 1080 classified. I have a GTX 780TI K|NGP|N, 2x GTX 980TI K|NGP|N, GTX 1080TI K|NGP|N (currently still being used in my wife's computer), RTX 3090 K|NGPIN (in my system) and a non functional 2080Ti K|NGP|N that was damaged by someone trying to do a shunt mod. The 2080ti is very fixable and I've already ordered the new parts to do it but I haven't done it yet because I have the 3090 and plan on upgrading to a 4090 and giving my wife my 3090. But every card that isn't being used is currently on my EVGA wall in my computer room. I was planning on completely covering that one wall with EVGA gpu's as I upgrade over the years but now I can't. I'm not even sure what 4090 to get now because I've always bought EVGA. I guess I'll go to ASUS...
I shed a tear on that one 🥲
As a 3080ti FTW3 owner, I died a little inside after seeing this.
That's badass!
Both jealous and sad about this. Stupid Nvidia.
I Just hope EVGA makes AMD cards coz they are going to be amazing for sure...
Such a bitter sweet vid...
Exactly, what a perfect moment to opt out. EVGA dodged a bullet with so much customer support if there ports melted too, wow. They knew it was coming, this can't just be coincidence.
It’s funny as hell that the bracket issue took so long to be “solved”
Fuuuuck…I shouldn’t have watched this maaan!  All I wanted was another EVGA card to replace mine, and now that I see this I’m even more bummed out. 😭
Something tells me that "Not 4090" will spend night in Jay's bed
10:09 tuning software calls it a 4090, whoops
EVGAMD let's gooo!!
100 from 100 people would have bought this  :( makes me sad.
time to show that not-4090 what AC is
put that bad boy in a resin mold to preserve the glory that would have been
the card that SHOULD have been…
:DDDD
If EVGA makes AMD, I will sell my 4090. lol
I snatched up two EVGA 3070s and a 3080 when the news broke. They are going into family member PCs, and might be my last team green purchase for awhile.
EVGA will be sorely missed in the GPU market. Looked like they had a nice design and it was going to be a decent product. Shame.
GN found the some cables are not the correct spec so thats why they are burning.
eVGA 7950xtx anyone :)
the set looks amazing omg
EVGA has style, their graphics cards are always beautiful. I have the 3090Ti FTW3. I'd love to see EVGA team up with Intel to help advance the Arc platform.
I was genuinely looking forward to owning an Nvidia card from EVGA sometime in the future cause they are true 👑's
Thats beautiful
This was EVGA's race to win. Shame this timeline turned out the way it did.
they will be making amd cards.... lol
what software was running in the background to look for artifacts?
The EVGA would be the only company I would indulge in a 4090 with.... So sad.... Intel here I come!
Mr. JayBird has NEVER been an "EVGA Fanboy" that any of us are aware of...😜 🤪  😁 😂 🤣
what a damn shame.
Were there any samples of a Kingpin version of this?
nVidia probably told them not to put the plug on the back lolol
That just shows how terrible Nvidia has treated them.... Like the other Linus said: F u nvidia :)
17:17 YES Please!!
EVGA just know how to make a nice subtle beautiful card
So there not making amd either
EVGA Unvidia 4090.
EVGA graphics cards is all I would buy for years now. Nvidia has managed to sour their brand so much for me personally.   I am really excited to see what AMD has. If it is even remotely competitive, I may be going AMD.
So they need to put all this goodness into the new killer cards from AMD!!!
Pretty cool they sent you this and let you make a video.
I wish EVGA would do a one off with AMD someday and I know it won't happen but damn it would be nice
❤💯❤
What a pity......
So glad we got to see that :)
should've titled: "EVGA made a !4090... and I have it!" 😆
I'm almost sorry I saw this video. I had already decided it was EVGA's 4090 that I was going to buy. EVGA was simply superior, and well, we know the rest. The card that should have been...
Man, they made an improved rear bracket, side-mounted 16-pin connector AND put it all in a design that I actually don't hate (Sorry EVGA but I've disliked almost all of your GPUs aesthetically) would've probably made this the 4090 I'd choose if I were upgrading.
See Jay, it isn't your mother that thinks your special.  Real solid of EVGA to donate that card to your collection.
Damn that's good looking card I love the leds how it's individual dots..I'll send you 10k for that card
The Ultimate Flex. An EVGA 4090.
Thank you very much for this video, it was nice to see this card. So sad!!!!!
This is possibly evga’s best designed card yet and its such a shame that consumers wont be able to buy it. Nvidia lost possibly their best aib partner
What a legendary opportunity to have one of those in your possession. Man, i wish I could have one of those. Almost all of the dumb nuances of 4090's solved in one card that never was.
You reall need to add 780ti kingpin to the wall.
I have a 3080ti EVGA ftw3 ultra and it is so SO beautiful that i want to keep it forever, also i think in a few years i could sell it a little more expensive because it will be a collector's item, what do you think? 🤷🏼‍♂️
DAMN! 12000 on mem, I thought I was cool when  I pushed my 3060 to 8000
That card is priceless!
EVGA coming through and saving me $ because I probably would’ve upgraded from my 3090 FTW3 lol. I’m pretty jelly, Jay!
I still have an EVGA GTX 1080 that I bought recently, I love their design and their quality. I honestly hope that they might reconsider in the future and partner with AMD or Intel, or hell, maybe Nvidia again in the far future.
The herp-eees lol
it would be cool if evga go amd radeon now
WE WHERE ROBBED 🙁😭
Come on EVGA and AMD! Bring us EVGA Radeon cards!
THAT is an elegant design.  And I'm not even an EVGA guy.  Protect it well sirs.  You've got a very real collector's piece there.
Why EVGA!? Why have you abandoned us!? This is the 4090 i'd buy ... probably going AMD now
EVGA graphics cards are the worst. I had brand new EVGA graphics card stop working after few days and they would not take it back and replace it. EVGA graphics cards 💩
really cool vid Jay gg
I really hope EVGA starts making AMD cards instead! I mean they probably can't make it in time for RX 7000 series launch date, but even a later launched EVGA RX 7900 XTX would probably sell like hot cakes!
I want to believe that EVGA will make AMD or Intel cards in not that distant future.
EVGA is a slouch just like this channel lmao!
me want evga 4000😭
F for EVGA, You'll be missed.  The last bastion of morals in the nvidia swamp.
This move is like a major middle finger to nvidia for being a cun*.
If only...
This thing will be a collector's item for sure. I have a 3080ti from EVGA which I plan to keep forever lol
Limited edition on a whole 'nother level.
which display are you using? looks nice
Its bulky and dark! It is not a sexy card you troglodyte!
so Jay, next Child is called EVGA then?
Wish I could run my EVGA 3080 Ti forever now, but I guess I'll have to upgrade again someday. Looks like I may have to go team red.
Man i wanted a EVGA 4090 so bad
Very nice, and glad you have one of the engineering samples.
Omg evga killllllllled it!!!! I neeeeed this
Out of all the Tech Youtubers I know, I'm happy you got this card.
Would have been gorgeous. I will be holding onto my last EVGA card as a collector piece even after it's no longer useful as a GPU.
I wonder if the guys who are at the top of the leader board or even the top 100 have had any problems with there 12 volt plug and adaptor
Too bad that this never came out. It seems to be the only sub30 centimeters 4090 gpu, the others models are stupidly big.
About ICX, now that EVGA is not making video cards they can still make money off ICX. Instead of being a feature for their cards to get customers they can lease the patent to former competitors, ASUS, Gigabyte, and MSI with ICX for example.  And Jay, your shrine wall is incomplete, you need all of the top cards from EVGA since the beginning.
Ohh that would be hilarious, turn that design into a AMD card 🤣
Is this a sample of what's to come from EVGA? Is EVGA going to start producing a competitor to Nvidia? :O
Aww man it looks nice
could you imagine an EVGA 7950xtx or an EVGA intel A780/90? would be pretty crazy to see, but I think amd would be the best to go with since amd will sort of give board partners enough freedom to move around and play with clocks and what not.
„EVGA 4090 card that never was” even more bad a..  than the „Queen who never was” in House of Dragon :)
EVGA dropped this.  Watch that one of two things will happen - 1) Nvidia is going to go begging EVGA to start making GPUs again. 2) AMD is going to go sweet talk EVGA and we will soon see EVGA AMD GPUs.
it's pretty good looking, but i prefer the TUF Gaming 4090, it looks so sick in my case. at the end of the day, it comes down to personal preference.
I really wish evga would team up with and or intel
That is a great looking card. I have always been an EVGA buyer. Now need to look else where :(
I wish so hard to evga make rtx40 😭
I would keep that GPU in a glass case and sell it in 20 years time for A LOT of moneysssss
what a beauty of a card! I hope they somehow sneak out a 600w vbios to you
Oh cool. I was wanting to ask Jacob to see if they ever had any produced samples
Put it behind glass Jay, what a great story for something that not many else have. Can't wait to see your red build in the future, it'll probably be a guide for me on my next one as well. Stay awesome!
Holy shit, Jay. This is incredible. That thing is going to be priceless.
Well darn. I'm an EVGA "fanboy" and would have loved to get another EVGA card this Gen. This one looks so good and has some great features.
😔😢
I haven't seen a good looking 4 series card yet. They all look like bricks and this is no exception. They need to ditch that profile.
Man what could have been. I would have got this over my 4090 FE.
4090 total recall soon.
I’m extra sad now cause that card looks amazing
Dude you gotta make a shrine for that card. rgb and everthing!
J your content is lame AF? Really? No wonder your losing subs!
The king is dead, long live the king.
Wish I had that one looks great!
@ 11:10  px1 says 4090 lmao
16:24 those lights turning off was too much 😢
This would have been the card I would have bought if I chose Nvidia this time around, but alas 7900 xtx. maybe we can get the cooler on that ? evga do an amd card?
to be honest: i never used EVGA Cards. Especially the 4090 ist more than NOT Important cause of this price point. sick
Dude,  this is priceless. I am so jelly
@EVGA make new bios for @Jayztwocents !!! This aint that hard to enable V!
Dammit…..
I am so fucking jealous of you
All my cards have been EVGA I will truly miss them as a manufacturer... hopefully Nvidia will stop being Karen's and win back EVGA's love
What could have been... That is a great looking card with the off-set fans and slightly smaller dimensions.
does this come up as a 4090 on gpuz?
This video made me sad  seeing this card makes me wish EVGA came out with this card  i was looking forward to the 4090s only if i could of got a EVGA card i became a EVGA fanboy once i started building PCs for customers and i ended up having alot of GPUs that needed RMA and evga was always top tier when it came to RMA and customer support and ill always run EVGA in my personal rigs i hope one day they come out with more GPUs
Wonder what the eBay price will be in few months or years
Gotta admit. That card looks good. I had a EVGA RTX 3080 FTW 3 ultra gaming 10 gb card. Now I have a rtx 4090 but from asus (you all know why it's not evga😭) . It's a Asus rtx 4090 tuf oc. While it is a great card in many ways. It suffers from bad coil whine as many 4090 do. It's an awful sound and it's really bad on my card. It's the worst coil whine plague card I have ever owned on such a expensive card. As soon 4090 is more reliable available, I am going to return it.   So Jay, out of curiosity and to potentially grind more salt in my wound over no evga rtx 4090. Does your card suffer from bad coil whine?
I'll help EVGA by throwing in $10 bucks in buying out Nvidia and return to making cards under their policies and not nvidia's
I want an EVGA RX 7600 XT
Sad I loved evga cards
looks much better than the rainbow puke lights with herpes fans.
I think most have already switched to the dark side [the red side] since the latest news...
mod that thing and take #1 spot with it!
I've been an EVGA fan since the beginning.  They always had the best quality products and, unlike so many other manufacturers, software that actually worked reliably.  (Asus, MSI, and Gigabyte could learn a LOT from EVGA on software.)  It was a dark day when EVGA left Nvidia.  I likely will not buy another Nvidia product because of this.
Hope they partner with AMD gpus
Beautiful card.  Definitely deserves its' special place on your wall.  I'm still holding on to the hope that EVGA will go all "SURPRISE!  FOOLED YOU, WE'RE TEAM RED NOW!" and release some AMD GPU's.
Rip to a real one, protect and cherish this thing
EVGA 7900 XTX plz.
Golly is that one great looking card.
Commenters usually complain about all the GPUs going to reviewers, in this example that is 100% true, and I am so jelly.
Never been this early. I’m excited for EVGA. I’ve always used EVGA’s gpus over the past years.
Have the 2080ti ftw3 literally 2 years now, still loving it.
god dam nvidia i hate you for denying us this. time to go amd
Seeing that card hurts, cause I was looking forward to an EVGA 40 series card...
already a part of history
F, EVGA I will miss your GPU's and I'm keeping my 2080 Ti FTW for sentimental purposes
Screw every other AIB design, that EVGA card just looks so darn good! They even thought about putting that darn 12VHPWR connector in a location that makes sense. What a shame that we never will get those beautiful cards.
Man I wish this would have come to market, just such a good looking card. I've always been particular to Asus stuff but I love EVGA! Asus makes great stuff (so do MSI, Gigabyte, etc) but EVGA actually care about the end user. I've always respected that and they will be sorely missed in the GPU world.
Possibly the only 4090 I'd have bought. Looking at the 7900XTX as my next viable option.
He's to dangerous to be kept alive
they should just make coolers id replace all the crappy ones from cheaper versions with that
EVGA PLZ MAKE NEW 7900XTX FROM AMD.
I really don't want to give Nvidia money right now and that includes the 30-series. However, I always wanted an EVGA card, they came across as the luxury / performance card in the graphic card world. I seriously almost pulled the trigger on an EVGA 3060ti before they announced their retirement from the graphic card world.
Since Xfx stopped making Nvidia graphics cards I had about 4 Evga Gpus, and loved all of them (still using an old Evga Gtx 660ti 2gb on an pc for college) and it's a shame all ended like this... At least they've gone making nice cards (gone of the gpu market, of course)
It's a unicorn
Ought to put that baby in a glass case.
This card is perfect on all accords! Damn it, Nvidia!
We may not be able to get it, but at least we got to see it work
Need that asus 4090 1000w bois.
That's the smarter design of all the coolers, sadly we'll never buy that GPU :(
You need a bigger monitor
3GHz+... Looks like a blacked out Sapphire Nitro+ or TOXIC "AIR" card which i have, and its huge. Should check out the TOXIC cards. Can still get the z790 DARK or Classified.
I understand not tearing this card apart.  It's such a nice gesture.  I hope you can display it proudly.  Convince them to make AMD "again" my first EVGA board was for the 939 Opteron AMD.
I’ve used EVGA for the past decade. It was a sad day recently when I had to buy an ASUS 4090 😢
i miss these cards SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much
This gave me the depression. :(
put that in that wall and show it ( if you don't have to give it back)
Looks so much better without GEFORCE RTX EMBLAZONED ON IT IN MASSIVE ALL CAPS 👁  Some really nice innovative design/engineering on this card.
I'm glad to have seen this, evga is the only brand I was loyal to. And she is a sexy fucking card.
It's a shame the best manufacturer backed out. I love my old 1070ti SC Black.
woaah
I was about to be mad cuz I just spent extra to buy one of the last few NEW 3090 Ti FTW3 Ultra since I thought they were not making any more.
Holy sh*t it looks so much better compared to all the 4090 card designs
Oh my fucking god you are the luckies guy in the entire universe 😍 I would pay 5 grands for that gpu.
What a loss of engeering perfection and creativity to the green team .
That thing is HOT, I wish they would have  released them
It would be great if you could put subtitles, i understand English but only when i read it
It is unfortunate
I'd cherish that card. I've loved the 3080 FTW3 in my gaming rig, and I'm saddened they aren't continuing the production of VGAs.
This is amazing to see, and kind of a final send off to EVGA. Maybe in a parallel universe they would've continued. Farewell, EVGA. It's been great.
That thing sick
Is it RTDTL or obsolete CMOS? Do they use the 1920 VRM or the 2011 2-phase Ćuk-buck2 VRM?
This card would have sold out and continue to sell out just because of having the adapter at the back! 😭
i still have my evga gtx 750 1gb, gtx 1050 ti sc 4gb and gtx 1070 sc 8gb black edition. evga is/was my go-to gpu.
Send me 4090. Thx 😍🥰 <3
oh man
evga 4090 hollow edition
EVGA x RDNA 3 coming?
I'm sure Nvidia is so mad that Jay has this....who cares, fuck Nvidia
glad I got my 3090ti evga and will keep that until it dies.
EVGA leaving reminds me of back when BFG went out of buisiness.
my first gpu was from evga, sad yet beautiful card
Nvidia screwed themselves by screwing EVGA, just sayin.
It is so bitter sweet to see this card. It really marks the end of an era in computer electronics
I feel like Nvidia is gonna be pissed about this? No? Lol
EVGA FFS! MAKE ME A AMD RADEON 7900 XT CARD! 😭
6:44 feels like gpus are so big now that the entire case starts sagging
Noice cool
That's awesome!
EVGA dropping Nvidia was a great thing. EVGA didn't want to put up with it anymore, and I see why. Really sorry to see them stop making graphics cards...For Now. I hope to see them come back with another company, and make huge waves in the lineup. Just don't go back to Nvidia....
Their announcement came way to late in the cycle for them not to have already produced a bunch of units. Maybe not a full production run, but I bet they have a few hundred at least.
*sigh*  In an alternate timeline, mine is humming along in my PC as we speak.
that's awesome. I miss evga gpu's
DAMN, its such a shame Nvidia is so fucking stupid and made EVGA quit the biz
Thanks Nvida now I have to make my 970 last.. for ever? lord know if it will last that long.  great video Jay ty.
damn, that rgb side panel looks sexy. i like the dot style. sad that evga is out
EVGA 4090 "FT W3 were right"
Beautiful card! Your anti sag solutions are the best, Jay!!
Ah, I am happy for you, Jay. You got gift from company you always supported
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA??????
I really really hope EVGA will make Radeons in the nearest future... that would be EPIC 😍
so sad to see this...
Man that's a bummer, looks so good.
That's the unicorn of graphics cards.  I really think that they'll see the gap in profit and realize that AMD is the way to go. AMD's market share in US would jump significantly.
It's beautiful.  You are a lucky man, getting to add that to your collection.  I always loved the EVGA cards and often recommended them, predominantly because of the customer support.   Seeing that sample makes me wish that EVGA hadn't left the gpu market.  What could've been....  Fingers-crossed hoping EVGA partners with AMD and brings the design over to Radeon.  🤞
The forbidden one
Why does he use that giant TV as a monitor? Seems like it'd be a bit intense to use up close.
You so deserve this Jay!
Glad you got a keeper. That's pretty excellent.
1:07 annnnnd demonetized
The first time I thought this was gonna be click bait, and it really wasn't. Got me really surprised with this Jay. Awesome that they sent you this
Losing EVGA was a true loss and I really believe that they were the best Nvidia AIB
it's beautiful!
Looks like a cross between the 30 series FTW3 cards and the Sapphire Nitro+, definitely the best looking 40 series card I've ever seen.  EVGA should partner with Intel. They've been making their motherboards for a long time, and Intel are looking for experienced partners to their dGPU business. I believe a partnership with EVGA and the fantastic customer service they bring to the table could be the shot in the arm Intel dGPUs need.
Nothing beats Asus (i mean by overkill sizes)
So jealous!
if evga keeps making gpu's with externaly sourced chips just to spite nvidia would be great, no oc limitations. pure power
Damn, now I kinda really want RX 7000 cards from EVGA. I've been team green for a long time mainly due to CUDA and more mature drivers. But with the recent team green/red changes + EVGAs dropping out, it feels like such a waste.
I wish EVGA would go AMD
Jay you need to put that in your personal pc couse thats the last evga rtx 4090 its unique lucky man.
I NEED IT
EVGA 💔
I just signed up for jelly school! Paid in full, yeah!
If evga would only partner with amd and amd would let them go crazy...dual gpu cards and other insane creations
I understand why EVGA isn't producing any more cards from nvidia, but I wish they would.
Well hell this will be a great Collector's item you got here.
I really hope they make AMD cards now. EVGA is the only brand I want.
Bruh that was gross lol
Hopefully EVGA can stay in business without these.
RIP what could have been...
Pulling out and making a sucking sound... Sus
Jay just became the envy of every EVGA fanboy in the world....
This has got to be some of the coolest nerdy stuffs ever :D
The best looking "not 4090" for me, too bad 😭
This Video just makes me sad
give ya 50k for it?
I want it so bad! Miss evga already 😭
When Buildzoid was complaining that the EVGA FTW3 3080 was to close to the 3080's FE's PCB... Because EVGA was the one who probably designed and built the PCB and cooler of the 3080FE 🤣
That will be worth money some day
I guess I need to write EVGA an Email.
Once I seen EVGA was out right then I knew I was going and moving forward! 😭😭😭
Lmao herpes
Seeing how this prototype looks… DAMN i’m sad EVGA stopped making vGPU. They would’ve been the reason I would buy a 4090… i’m not interested by the current offers…
$75 and I will pay postage!
EVGA partnership with AMD Radeon graphics card needs to happen starting from the 70series. that would be awesome to see too!
But does it b(l)end?
Sadness :( The card so many of us wanted to see... Awesome to see it though!
evga had a better connector position!!!
I had an actual dream last night that EVGA secretly produced 40 series cards before making their decision to dip and that you got your hands on one, talked to EVGA to get their blessing on showing it, AND THEN THIS HAPPENS??? I am psychic 🔮
4090 prototype? How?!?!
Whaaaaaaaaat???!!!!
I have 3070ti FTW and I will keep it forever
EVGA fan boy here as well.  Really disappointed they didn't continue in the GPU business.  Most reliable GPU's I have had so far.   Thanks for video Jay!
"Not" 4090 lmao!
You got yourself a unicorn! Nice!
I'll give you $5,000 for it
this is seriously so cool that they sent that to you because it will be loved no doubt. if anyone should have one, it's you jay
I'm biased to the Founder's Edition, those are my favorite. Outside of that one, this one is probably the best looking card in my opinion. Besides the hybrids anyways.
we coulda had a bad bitch
you should do a pc build in a mini fridge
This honest to God hurts to see. That card would have been perfect. Ugh 😫
After seeing what Nivida pulled I can't blame them
Lucky bus....!!! Good job anyway 😊😊👍👍
This is Def a 4090 lol even the back design the more square and evga has always been not as long as other cards.
Damn I was hoping it was going to be an AMD card...
lucky you
WtF
although this is awesome its kind of sad. idk what the hell im going to do when i upgrade my 3080 in a few years. all my cards have been EVGA
The only 4090 i would cared about. An EVGA 4090.
Yay unobtanium
Bro we are gonna need a bigger case...........(Shameless Jaws reference)    "Twenty footer Chief.....Know how you can tell?"  "You measure from the power supply to the funky power plug, Chiefy...."  Man I am funny af I crack myself up most days.
That card is rare af at this point !
Wow what a beauty man!  Damn I’m going to miss EVGA
Damn me rocking my Nvidia GeForce GTX Titan Z 😭😭😭
Please evga build gpus again 😢😢
Looks like EVGA can't restrain it's old habits.
This makes me so sad, that card would have been awesome, a reasonable big chonker 😢
UAU!!! ty Jay, ty EVGA <3
I’m jealous!
Oh look, the Power Connector is on the side….. who would of thought.
Noice
noice
That card looks pretty bad and not gonna lie. Dissapointed that EVGA had to leave 😭
You get a like just for getting a box of nothing.
You ara not an EVGA fanboy. You are getting paid by EVGA.
Hihi
What?!!
Lovely..
Oh man that hurts even more to see them go away… 😢
It makes me sad they made very nice looking cards
...what might have been...😢
Knew it couldn't be true,  evga  you sneak devil
Holy shit!
top tens anime plot twist
Do you need a kidney? Bc i have a couple lying around. We could work a trade out.
Why are there so many people here before me
Every fiber of my being wants EVGA to team up with AMD!
I have only bought evga video cards.  All this does is just makes me sad.  Sighs.
You lucky dog
trot!!! EVGA makes 4090!!!
Damn. It really sucks they pulled out, cause that looks so sexy
That would be a 🔥 graphics card to own… I’ll miss EVGA graphics cards.
I saw the thumbnail and my jaw literally dropped lol
first
i doubt jay will sell this, but im curious what it would fetch given its such a unique card.
Card looks amazing!
Gotta complete that epic collection with the final card.
Great content👍
I still have my gtx 770 from evga and here we are now ;D
How could this beeeeeee
Ahhhhhhhh. Still haven’t come to terms with the fact I’m gonna have to buy GPU’s from someone else 😢
I haven't clicked on a video so fast in awhile.
I was really hoping to see one of EVGAs 40 series pre-production cards. I'm glad you were able to make this video!
4090... I'll never have one.  Lol. My R9 270 4GB is just gonna have to do.
Why tf wouldn't you!? Congrats Jay & Team. Ya'll really are the best!
First
Yes
50th like - Jay - do I get some special appreciation  ? *kidding*
What the what?!
How much for your studio again?
e
!??
Damn EVGA
Crazy!! Love it…don’t bend that adapter cable!,😂
Fourth
First like bro
Noooooo
Yo
Wow I'm early
Sweet!
Sweet
Wait what the hell 😳
Only one
1st biotchhhhhhhhh
👀👀👀👀
First I guess
7th
First
Noice!!
First one
First!
Fuck yeah!
oh boy!!!
Had to be the first
Wow
Gg
lets gooooooo evga
Sweet
First
NIOCEE 👍🏻👍🏻
Oh?
First
