I'm naturally aspirated fan for life. I know there's faster and "better" but raw NA hits special to me.
Nothing relevant regarding this car, nothing isnt unbelievable. What a shaddy title.
I own a standard 2014 Sting Ray.  It is not a ZO6, but it still is a blast to drive.  When I retired I went to the biggest Corvette dealership in the country and picked out the only one that was a manual transmission.  I love driving a stick.  It is midnight blue.  I spent a year driving it west of the Rockies.  If I could afford it I would buy a Z06 for travel and use my current Corvette for day to day driving.
Amazing machine
This 🤡 drives like a woman
this didnt age well...
Stick to print c&d
Just waiting till you see what GM did with this car in 2025. You'll pass out
2 years later, now we have a 1064 hp C8 ZR1, and a 1250 hp ZR1X Hypercar.
Now do the 2026 ZR1 and the newest released ZR1X
Who’s really driving? You or the car?
why would they put music over the driving impressions, im trying to listen to the car
It's the only car that's scared me, with the top down. Buy one
Is it true that the Corvette is the only car Chevy still makes?  I heard it was all trucks and SUVs now.  Is that true?  If it is I'm flabbergasted
3:32   There is absolutely no difference in speed or Horsepower between a coupe Z06 and a convertible Z06 My brother has a 2025 coupe Z06 and I have a 2025 convertible Z06 And we are a Dead lock race
I just picked up my 2025 Z06 3LZ- Competition Yellow!! Carbon fiber wing and trim throughout!! 😊
Never a fan of Corvette until this one. Japanese car guy through and through (R35 GTR) and BMW (X6M). C&D convinced me to get my C8 Z06.
What was the quickest car you have ever tested??
how can I respect a car reviewer who drives this car in automatic (WHILE FILMING THE REVIEW)
Could use some atomic 6 carbon fiber ground effects kit. Florida, Williams recommend
How the heck are you shifting that car.  Not manual & not using paddles so is it automatic?
🇺🇸🦅 God Bless America 🫡 (and i am not even an American😊)
The Z06 with the LT7 - true statement- this car does NOT have any form of AFM (automatic Fuel Management) like the regular C8 does?  I understand in the regular C8 you have to drive in manual mode so that AFM doesn’t kick in when cruising.  I don’t see AFM in the Z06 specs…
One of the most aggressively styled cars ive seen, its like a weapon
The sound would bring me smiles non stop!
Car and driver has the best music. Is there a playlist? Lol
The difference in the performance numbers between the c7 z06 and c8 z06 does not justify the cost.  200 less ft ibs of torque is substantial.
My dream car.
That’s not a corvette, that’s a corverarri
7.10 on Nring......
I feel like I have such a cool spec. I randomly bought it brand new 2024 c8 z07 HTC. Black on Black. 1lz with GT1 seats. ceramic brakes, cup 2 r's. I couldn't live without the HTC. I drive with the top down 99% of the time.
What an awesome looking car. Love that sound!
Having an automatic in a sporty car like this is a bummer. Sure a manual is slower, but it has better driver engagement and gives it soul.
Kudos to GM, they've made maclaren look silly
All these awsome cars were built to beat mopar yall should thank them
That's funny
Just got a 2024 z06 w/z07 package.. traded 22 stingray for it.
No manual :(
BITCH'N    NOW GET SOME
C06 or Z06?
Hot! Great video.
Now the ZR1 is here 🎉🎉
the C8 Z06 has the LEAST torque of ALL C8 and less than C7ZR1 and C7Z06
that flat plane V8 sounds exactly like a Ferrari 458
someone paid 3.6 mil at barrett jackson in scottsdale, Az. for this car. so what are you getting: the most powerful naturally asprated rear engine you can get.
I have to have one. Spring of 2025. That one he's in💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥. However, the Lingenfelter magnuson supercharger puts you at 700hp,  providing you get the race package on a non z06.
It hurts inside how much I want this car! The color is perfect too my god
I’m not into vettes but I like this one!
Best bailout vette yet!
What is it exactly that the Z06 competes against?
Your best Vette ever looks like someone glued cheap plastic Pep Boys accessory crap all over it. One of the most hideous cars I have ever seen.
Sounds like a Civic.
It’s a good car. I raced it online in forza and recorded its performance in one of my videos. 670 Hp one motor.
The sound gives me goosebumps!!! I WANT one!!!
Love the car exterior wise. But missed the mark interior wise.
It's not a Corvette. It's a modern Corvair...
It’s even more of a knock off ferrari than the standard v8. That’s cool and all… but that’s really not an American luxury muscle car at all. Probably should have picked a new badge for this one.
They can't give them away. They're ugly and unstable and not particularly good at anything.
BS - I was on this program and this not even in the top3
I'm not even a GM guy, but this car is absolutely stunning inside and out. To have a relatively small displacement engine pushing near 700hp NA is simply amazing. Everything about this car is amazing. Those downshifts, good god what an eargasm. That Black looks so good and menacing. I would absolutely die to own this car. I can't say it enough. Pure dream for a car enthusiast.
Nice for the price  but eaten alive by the Taycan Turbo S.
Not feeling it. Doesn’t look like a real corvette
I'm jealous in a good way
This is the first Corvette I've ever wanted
I love the was way it automatically changes to keep the revs perfectly effective. I think manual gears are a thing of the past, the technology has surpassed the need.
Great car but the chev dealers arre killing the buyers with markups
If only Chevy was able to make it look good…  It’s not ugly… it just didn’t beautiful.  As almost every other GM on sale today, it’s over styled and totally lacks any sort of elegance.
I've been a fan of the whole Corvette line since a kid growing up in the 90s, playing Gran Turismo on PS1 and building models of the 67 sting ray. Classic muscle dna meets modern super car engineering and perfection. I remember reading about the C5 sodium filled valves and the aluminum engine block and thinking America has the talent for building a super car that can rival what the Italians Germans and Japanese can offer, all of whom I admire the talents of as well. 8600 rpm?!!! My goodness that's higher than the second gen S2000!!!!  All the vettes are awesome in their own right but this one is the pinnacle!!! Makes you wonder what Chevy has in store in the future gens!!!! I'm a huge fan of the crossplanar v8 sound but I can get used to THIS thing scream man
And nobody is buying it. They need to drop the price to at least 120k. Vehicle manufacturers today are building family sudans than cost a 100k and less that are nearly as fast if not faster.
That maybe your opinion I will stick with my C7 Z06 manual transmission
Give this car to Jeremy Clarkson from top gear, or Rory from Autotrader and they'll have you at a dealership with 5K in your pockets looking for a deal on this Vette..  .. step your game up "Car&Driver".. .
So calm thought he was in a green screen
Wooow:))
Very Nice:))
Oh no, it's automatic. No thanks
If only it had a manual it would be my dream car.
Thing looks like one of the cheaper gamer laptops, where they festoon it with angular lines to make it look edgy.
I thought it was 495 hp
Corvette is officially a super car. It was originally a luxery sports car. Not as expensive as ferrari and Lamborghini, but the ZO6 is a super car. Mid engine 2 door high performance luxury car.
Its pretty sweet, but I hate the factory wheels so much
Every general z06 gets the same praise. Amazing cars
Needs refinement
Sounds like a Ferrari 458
Beautiful car and good video. How reliable is the Z06? Any quality \ drivability \ trouble with it? I'd like one (who wouldn't) but its a lot of money for me and I'd need a reliable car if I were going to get one.  Thanks
does it have a 3rd pedal? No, i dont want it
Im buying a blacked out z06 this year
is it just me or does the stingray 6.2 sound better?
Phew, that was close. Good thing you called it the best Corvette ever and not the best sports car ever.
Wooow this has to be the nicest car ever
Always been something  to look at, to drive, love Chevy.
I'm Chevy man love car... Wud love 1 ofy own
Woow what a nince car
The sound of this is amazing ❤
In a league of its very own
It's a banger of cause, I can feel the xp by juhs sitting here
So gorgeous! I love it! ❤
❤❤❤love it🎉
This is supposed to be the world fastest car I'm in love with the acceleration sound🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿
Digitalised beast
When this car drives past you kinda forget to look at the scenery
🥰🥰🥰
I want to own such a car 😢
Great all chevy
BEAST mode!!!!!!
Love the car, hate the extreme ugly steering wheel.
What was that last tune towards the end? Great symphony.
8600 rpm redline wow! Sounds incredible.
I spent much of my youth at Grattan.
Ford.... dodge  Just stop making sports cars. This thing is it.  BOW DOWN !!!
I Can’t Understand For The Life Of Me Why Super Car’s Top Speeds Are Not Listed in Specs, When All Other Speed Details Are Mentioned. iT’s At That Top Of The List Of The Details That Any Sports Car Enthusiasts Would Wanna Know. CRAZY!
Chevturd JUNK.
C7 ZR1 looks like a Corvette instead of a European knock off and it has 3 pedals.😊
I don't care for the C8 design, but the flat plane crank V8 in the Z06 is magnificient.
The designers didn't know what to do, so they just stole the designs from Ferrari, McLaren and Pagani to come up with this thing.
😮
The C7 Grand Sport alone is less than a second slower than this car and it stops faster. 🤔
Absolutely love the fact they’re so high revving. The cool sound that creates was the last thing the American car couldn’t produce to compete w the European super cars. That car with a custom exhaust would be outrageous
The 2023 Corvette Z06 has a Flat plane crank V8 so unsurprising that it sounds like a Ferrari car.
I used to have a 2013 z06. 650 all motor hp roll caged. That thing was fun at COTA.
The C9 will certainly get a triangular steering wheel, right?
That piece of crap is just a copycat Ferrari 458 Modena, damn shame Chevy couldn't figure out how to make their own car design
170 K.
No I disagree I think the best Corvette was an 88 c4 that was sent to Callaway called the sledgehammer that hit 254 MPH and held the top speed record for over 20 some years no other car manufacturer can say this about their cars
For almost a year I’ve worked in the service department of a Chevrolet dealership. Around 12 times I’ve driven C8’s including one Z06,,,, but it’s only parking them outside, driving very very carefully. So I’ve never driven one on a public road but it’s still a special occasion to drive one.
My psyche gets tired when I see these engines and I can't own them😭😭
I think it's the best oddball miracle since the LFA.
where can you drive 150mph?
All black is not a good color.  You need to appreciate the body lines and all block hides them all
You should never have to pay $200k for a Chevy.
Can we just take a moment to appreciate the thumbnail tho
Just a tip: If you're trying to let us hear the AWESOME engine sounds, how about not have annoying background music as he talks!? The engine is the music.
The 2023 Corvette Z06 sounding like a banshee is a very unique sound for a car.
The Corvette Z06 does have a unique sound instead of using the same sound as Ferraris, Lamborghinis, etc.
not 4k? why
Until this moment, I have not accepted the interior and exterior design
About the tire pressure:  Did you forget there is an internet?  Or you could call someone?
The Zora is apparently going to have at least 1k torque and hp, will also be all wheel like the eray. That's the one I want 😅
At 5'-5" I'd fit good in that, no need for seat customization, stealthy n sexy
Who reads the owners manual?  Joking.  I can’t afford the thing.
Still ain't no match for the Tesla Plaid, though.  Every Tesla fan would agree with me on this.  Time for ICE to go.  If you love real performance, you would go EV instead of a hybrid.
My stepdad had a Vette when I was a kid. I was HOOKED the sounds this car made and the shear speed were intoxicating! When I was in my 20s I used to see Vettes DRAG Vipers, Ferraris, and Astons around the track at LeMans. I’ve been convinced for decades that Chevy makes THEE BEST performance car dollar for dollar on the planet. And I think they’ve finally proven it with this car.
It’s hard to believe it’s a Vette, period. The car doesn’t look anything like it’s predecessors.
Oddly, me AND my college aged daughters agree... a 63 split window would be better to ride! Yeah, they also say "please",  "Thank you" and have degrees in productive professions. They both, as well, can change oil, a tire, shoot a gun responsibly,  back a trailer, and look stunning in a dress (if they want to). Kinda funny, because  people might think I'm  "from the country".... Not really.. just opted that way. GL with the cars ya can't let loose on the grocery store parking lots.
I want one
AMAZING CAR ❤❤ GM 👍👍
The car is great. But that interior design with the line of buttons is so stupid it’s a deal breaker for me.
100% true story. I parked my stock C8 next to a stock C8 Z06. He started his up and I loved it. I started mine up and he couldn’t believe it was stock. It sounded that good. At the low end, the LT2 sounds way better. Later, I upgraded the exhaust to a louder round tip setup and those centered Z06 tips now look dorky to me. The tips on the side flow better than centered circles. The Z06 pipes look out of place. This is the first time I do not have Z06 envy. At all.
Are you sure it's a 06? You sure it's not AC5 or AC4 or ALS? Or whatever how many stupid f****** numbers they have for these f****** Cars they're? Aren't worth a c*** anyhow you? Got. C5C tunes C9? Why don't you people just say Corvette and get it over with? It's instead of coming up with these stupid numbers that even the people are on the vets. Don't know. What the f*** they mean?
I have to admit this corvette is impressive. I wish I had the spare cash to pick one up.
Sounds like a POS! Mopar or no car!
Please make a million of that LT6 engine! Can't wait to swap it into vintage muscle at some point when they get cheaper! Nice car with a nice package but way out of reach for me new, as is any exciting car.
sounds like a saleamen
It would be the best vette ever if it had lambo doors.  I want general motors to put factory lambo doors on this Car. Or the next generation vette. The car sounds italian it looks italian Now it needs to final touch. It needs lambo doors.  With lambo doors it would become my dream car.
The styling really does it for me, porsche might be more sensible overall but that looks super aggressive, I dont really feel anything looking at a porsche.
This is not the best Corvette ever because it’s NOT a vette!!
Still trash, my money will always be spent on German Engineering.
how much to drive on that track
I daily a 2019 C7 Grand Sport. While I cant curently afford to daily drive a C8 Z06 but Im seriously considering a used C8.
Sweet! I can't wait to have a $1200.00 a month car payment!
Awesome car
I really wanted to like the look of the C8. But I don't. It looks like what it's copying. Nothing original to see here.  I want one.
Great for the track. But everyday driver? I want one.
If only I could figure out a way to beat Teslas at stop lights, it's SO embarrassing getting my ass handed to me by little old ladies.
The sound of the car🔥
If you alone its great…but
There is a very big difference between Corvette, Europian mofas and American engine: American motor don't break down after half an hour!!!!! Personally I have experience of german crap, and it was absolutely the last time.
Eletric/Tesla drivers will never understand the hyp/culture/reason behind the pride in gasoline powered vehicles
I still find it fascinating that Chevrolet built the best McLaren of all time
Man if houses weren’t 250k overpriced I’d buy one of these.
Ok bells and whistles,  hoo da ha!! Quickly quick jazzy tires.. All o that is old news.. can a person 6ft 7 get in the damn thing??? Huh?? You wanna make a corvette that breaks the mold. Make one that a tall person can get in..... I'll buy one. Make a Rolex for big guys.. I'll buy one... get what I'm pumping???
Unfortunate that it has all those sharp angles, creases, triangles and ridges, instead of curves in the body. There was an opportunity to make a beautiful car, and they blew it on the styling. Looks like a toy. At least, they did the other part right.
Has  magnetic suspension.  NEEDED  for  street driving which is where   99 percent  of  z06  will be. Making it  maybe the most  streetable American  sports/supercar.  My question is...how was the build quality?  Does  it still seem  cheap and dated  inside??  Something tht  plauges a lot of  domestic  cars...maybe less on the Ford SUV's....IMHO....Chev's  always  have had that dated 70's look....even  after adding some  "new tech"....it's tlike the  designers were teens who grew up in the 70's....when  muscle cars  were popular (into the 80's...)...today  muscle cars  are  passe....unless you live in the  south or mid-west...heh...but even there...in the big cities....people want  the total package --performace, good build quality equaling the JP/GER cars, good  tech, cameras, parking-assist.....
It has a howlish scream , i love it, its a stunner👊🏽😎🔥🔥
Too bad they ruined it with that center pillar. Just keep it simple Chevy and make the interior as spacious and minimal as possible with no center console, just a straight dash across.
I know nothing about this but out of curiosity, as he’s decelerating, is that the sound of the auto tranny rev-matching as it’s shifting down?
It's nice to see them actually moving into a supercar quality build. Previous years didn't have the mix of power and handling like this. Which honestly made them a bit sketchy. Cool car. 👍🏻
This is just a sign of what will eventually come... a ZR1 hypercar.
Poor man’s lambo.  This is the ugliest vett ever.  The corvette had its own style, but noooo Chevy wants to be like Lamborghini and Ferrari.  Now so many mid life crisis dudes have this car.  I compare it to the sling shot.  Horrendous!
Great, now I just have to wait three decades until I can afford a used one.
Still slower than the Ford GT in every category!!!!
Is he really driving around the track in Auto mode? wth Hard to believe they ran the car with 35 psi as well lol
Sorry, but I think the engine sound is just pants. Ford GT all the way, whether it's the V8 or V6.
Sounds wonderful!
AND I'M PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!
The giant D on the dashboard has to be one of the dumbest things I’ve seen
Best American super car ever hands down
Most boring vette ever and im not alone
It's doubtless an impressive and competitive sports car, but is that still a Vette? Imo NO. I grew up with posters of the Singray C3's pinned on the wall above my desk, THAT is what I have in mind when I think "Corvette". This Z06 might be the fastest ("best") car that's ever been named Corvette, but imo it has the fewest "Vette-Spirit" of them all.
I grew up in Flint, from mid 70's to mid 90's, so I saw a lot of 'Vettes. Then I moved to L.A. and saw a lot more high-end, exotic, foreign cars.  Nowadays, when I'm in Flint, I see one of these, and I go "What the F@CK izzat!?"  Then I remember. That's a fooking Chevy.  And it makes me happy.
No Manual transmission no good. Naturally nutted or not
Welfare car company
Nice Chinese Lamborghini😂 it’s literally embarrassing when i see people driving this copy cat design
The Bose radio makes this a no for me. Not going to trust a company who uses unremarkable Bose in their vehicles.
It’s an amazing car but it looks like a 13 year-old designed it.
What's impressive is his ability to talk calmly while screaming around the track.  That speaks volumes to the confidence he has in the machine.
Anyone else wondering if this guy is related to Jerry Seinfeld?
andddd its an automatic. talk to me when they design it for real men.
Ugly body looks like they were copying the stealth f-117 too many facets and non-flowing intersecting lines wow that's not good😮
Sadly they are ugly as shit. Way too old Lamborghini excess.
It's an Anime looking car from a Japanese cartoon.
If it's so good, why are there  so many on the secondary markets?
This is the NSX of  2020s
color grading on this video sucks, seems washed
Can't anybody see how bad the design/ styling is ? It looks like a Horn Frog. Not my cup of tea for styling a car !
Next on Automotive: Triangle sterring wheel.
Not going to lie it’s absolutely trash nothing compared to the ZR1
When they moved the engine to the back I was not sold on that idea but then I liked it when they changed the sound I was not sold on the idea but now I love it
the viper acr was 30 seconds faster than this car at VIR just wanna point that out before everyone thinks this car is insane
still slower then the gtr, and not as fast as a 570s with the same lay out. car is built lower quality then a Toyota. if u drive past a farm u will smell it with the windows rolled up inside air off.
they could only get the speedometer to update like 2 times per second max on a display with probably 60hz or more. That would bug the hell out of me. At 4:12 - 107mph to 111mph to 114mph then 117, 119, 122, 125, 127, 125. Reminds me of a cheap base model honda civic.
And one of the ugliest cars ever built.
Teslas are far superior
It's a GM product, it'll be in the shop more than it's on the road.
Love it, but there's just something wrong seeing a guy ripping down a track and hearing all those great downshifts while his hands remain calmly on the wheel like he's going out for groceries.
They put the paddles there for a reason!
Was cruising alongside one today in my stinger gt2 with a jb4 tune making around 400+  WHP AWD, I wasn’t as fast but when I heard him fly by I thought that sounds like a ferrari and got a closer look at the exhaust tips and realized it was a Z06 stingray, I had to gas it, it was fun being in a 2021 car that’s worth $35k now and next to a 100k+ ferrari sounding corvette.
Corvette finally became a super car due to the mid engine! Before that a corvette was just a novelty car. Just my opinion, no offense to vett owners.
This new generation of Vettes is incredible, they may of finally put the blueprint together and price as well to be world class.
Orange seatbelt in a black car?🤮
Ugly but fast
No stickshift no care. This ain’t a real corvette and never will be without a manual.
I would have mine by now but there is limited availability of the Z07 option, so here I am waiting, and waiting.
Is it just me or is when this thing is in black it puts off serious batmobile vibes but in an awesome way? lol
the back end looks worse than a bmw front end. never in a million years would i buy this mid engine camaro.
Wicked!
all i can say, is "I want one"
Hard to believe they finally got rid of the trailer spring in the back….
I absolutely hate convertibles. I'm sold.
Thank you, Carlos.
I don't know, mixed feelings. Car is performing unbelievably good obviously, but is also quite ugly. Classic American kitsch. I have 2 Vettes currently, a 2006 I bought brand new and a C3 I bought in the 90's. For my taste, C7 was already weird. I said, let's wait for a C8. I doubt I will buy it, it does not have any design features of classic Corvettes, and aesthetics are way over a half of a factor for me.
Interesting that GM was so worried about "missing that certain something",  but the Z06 is missing a certain something, a manual transmission.  The AWD E-Ray shaves another tenth off the best Z06's times, due to a better launch
I just bought a 2016 Z06 Manual I had a deposit on the new one, but $125k+ is too rich for my blood I have 650 HP and a stick, so I have nothing to complain about. Amazing car. I am grateful.
Certain angles of this car are simply not good. I really want to like it, but it just doesn't do it for me.
I’ve NEVER been a corvette guy myself, but I would say anyone who says this car isn’t beautiful is lying.  I do see these cars literally everywhere now and rightfully so. It’s the American Ferrari!!!
Too bad the dealerships and greedy flippers killed this car for the people it was aimed at.
thought he was with edmunds lol
Steering wheel looks... cumbersome.
I like watching the old episodes with the Chevy CHEvette and all.
Take my money
looks terrible
If you close your eye's you see a Ferrari.
Damn dude, you couldnt be bothered to use the paddle shifters? Kinda kills the whole enthusiast sports car vibe
Best.  Thumbnail. Ever.
I drive these things everyday thanks to my amazing career. These Z06 Corvettes are simply amazing
Why make a video with a car like this and then drive it like an old lady.
I left when you said its not even the fastest theres a zo7
Impressive bang for your buck performance  but it’s still just a Corvette. I’ll take a Ferrari or Porsche over one any day.
Stay a while. Hopefully they put some of their race car in it, or it's doomed.
I love this Chevrolet  corvette z06 what's sound not puny and minuscule this is an exotic supercar however this is the mid-mounted engine behind the passenger seats 670 hp which is awesome upscale
This or GTR?
Just drove one across the country....... fantastic. Can be an everyday driver or fire breathing beast Managed to get a buck sixty in Nevada and didn't hit 6th gear
No way would you go from a 488 back to a 458. The sound and performance are much better in the 488.
GM has to away from prying eyes copy a Ferrari, a high revving flat plane crank mid engined sportscar, in order to build a competitive vette.  Europe, first with sportcars, first with German scientists to make a rocket, Austria to split an atom etc. Pretty decent claret too, anniv  Mouton Cadet red quite nice, not a big buck, like the new copycat vette.     ........ Beware, though, Musk release an under 2 sec coupe, then no more vette orders, current ones being cancelled (you know the test **** GM will order a Tesla Roadster under a sneaky pseudonym like 'Mary Barra' etc., their copying 'genius' minds working round the clock ...ù
C6 Z06 : 7.0 L NA LS7 , 505 HP , 480 Torque , 196 MPH top speed , 7200 RPM , 3100 lbs .  C8 Z06 (non Z07 Package) : Stuoid Ferrari 5.5 L NA LT6 , 670 HP , 470 Torque , 180 MPH top speed , 8600 RPM , 4200 lbs .  C6 Z06 wins
C7 Z06 , C6 Z06 , C7 ZR1 , C6 ZR1 , C8 E-RAY > stupid Ferrari Z06
E-Ray beat it
Alternative title “worst corvette ever” , or “the fakest corvette ever” , or “the copy cat stupid Ferrari”
shut up bro
Corvette's imo straight garbage!! That car hasn't been shit in the last 25 years, they need to scrap it and start all over again every year it's looking more and more japanese, with all the scoops, vents and all other unnecessary  shit it doesn't need, and at same time stealing from Ferrari with their front end, that car has lost all of it's American muscle, it's plain garbage!! I stopped at a Red light and a guy was in a brand new one, I just glanced one time at it and he kept looking at me to see if I was going to coooo at him or give him the thumbs up, I gave him neither, the light turned green and I drove off, I'm not hating please don't think that, I just know GM engineer's can do better if they put their minds to it.
My Whippled Gen5 Shelby GT350 flat plane crank has something to say.... can't wait to run into one.
I like what they did with the grill it truly looks like a super car
The next generation Corvette needs to work on getting rid of the transformer lines and becoming more round and smoothe and elegant as past generation corvettes were  Clunky square exhaust and horribly design wings got to go
It's arguably one of the best engineering feats the bowtie team has ever built.  Dodge and Ford cannot compete no matter how hard they try.  Porsche, BMW, Audi and Mercedes can certainly compete with HP however the overall design and performance of the Z06 is truly what separates this beauty from the rest of the pack.  My hurdle to any of these super revving and unbelievably fast cars begs this simple question:  How does the average US owner unleash the true spirit of these beasts to really enjoy them?  Sure you can occasionally do some pulls here and there on the highway or a deserted back street and get away with it but unless you can take one to the track (as they did here) or can afford to ship to EU to drive on the Autobahn, it's only a matter of time before Johnny law whacks you with a huge speeding ticket.  They are so fast it's damn near impossible to drive them as they were meant to be driven. Your simply risking your life (and other drivers) to take advantage of the true experience on the majority of American infrastructure with its potholes and poorly maintained surfaces.  Sadly, most consumers who can afford to buy these cars lack the knowledge, experience and training needed to drive them properly thus endangering everyone else on the road.
Love the car, hate black wheels!
10 second passes are the FREAKING NORM... And these A$$$#OLES wanna go ELECTRIC.....
My 2006 Kawasaki concours 1000cc.  Last year for the four carburetors..... 10.5 second quarter mile at 131-134 mph...   120 mph in third gear at redline ....     speed shift 4th for 3 seconds and shut her down....    Good luck at holding it wide Open....  !!!
This should have been the base line model and the Z06 a flat plane supercharged
He can't get smile off his face thats what you are buying
Wow what innovative engineering. Wonder if the next one will be a v12....
Aye you did a great job with that review!
Very cool supercar , but it's probably very expensive.
Ugliest vette ever.  The most over used term in the automotive world is "driving experience".  Technology may get you around a track quicker and safer, but there is no experience like a rear-wheel V8 with a clutch, manual gear box and no computerized traction control and braking assistance.  You want a visceral, wholly immersive and unforgettable driving experience, take a run in a sports car from 30, 40 or 65 years ago.  This modern hyper fixation on cramming as much technology into cars as possible is killing the heart and soul of the sports car by further and further mediating the connection between the driver and the road.
Just wait til they do the zl1 with this engine supercharged, probably 800hp
God damn, Chevy, wtf.
UGH i love the way c8s look....but my god i wish they leaned more toward the foreign look earlier, so we could have it in a proper manual.
Your parents are Ryan Reynolds and Jason Cammisa.
Such a gorgeous car. Chevy killed it.
The UGLIEST VETTE EVER. is the fastest. Just like 👧.
The rear is trash. Looks like a hot wheels car.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Will be bought with my investment gains
Nice car but let's be honest, it's not a Ferrari !
Hideous
Also the ugliest vette ever
What a disappointment that the host could not get beyond how he felt for the first half of the video. Tech why's and wherefore's would've been nice; a bit about the flat crank, etc. Suspension marvel... ??? Car and Driver, huh? Mostly just driver...
...watching this 'giant slayer' alone brings pure joy; a beauty to behold! ...and that 'symphony' coming from the centralized, quad-exhaust pipes ...OMG! America has responded pretty well! ...and thanks for uploading the video!
Porsche 911. In any form.
...it's all great, too bad they had to make look like a batmobile
How could you build a car like that, and have static steering wheel shifting?
Still, hmm, no matter how you analyze it, it is still the poor man's Ferrari!  Not the same!
It’s downshifting without him even touching the paddles and rev matching too
There is a Chevy by me they just received C8 Z06 black on black  Owner of Chevy dealer asking full MSRP plus $70.000, I said to him you can keep it😂😂😂😂😂😂 I think people lost their mind
THATS A JET FIGHTER CAR 😂 just put a pilot in it and that will FLY 😂
I don't have $100+ grand to spend on a car, but if I did I could not buy one of these.  There's not many I would.  All the new paddle shifter stuff is absolutely pathetic garbage.
The car is an engineering marvel. Second to none. But it takes a blackout paint job to somewhat disaguise the chaotically busy and chunky design. The C8 is the only Corvette in history to actually be called “ugly” in major press reviews.
Ben Affleck is a pretty good driver
I would take this over any ferrari or lambo, or any supercar really.
The downshifts are absolutely incredible sounding.
The vette seems to keep getting smaller.  Can't understand why grown men want to drive tiny sports cars.  And one thing my father said to me when I was young and salivating over sports cars..."a small sports car's speed and acceleration is not nearly as impressive or difficult to achieve as with a larger car...what's really impressive is having a large sedan pull up to the line side-by-side with a vette and have the sedan keep up with or even beat the vette.  Yeah, he was absolutely correct.  Small sports cars just never impress me.  And regarding engine sound, same there, a quiet sports car that I can enjoy listening to a kick-ass stereo system is much better than the noisy v8 engine that threatens to drown out everything and cause hearing damage, especially when a quiet electric sports car can now smoke an internal combustion engine equipped car.  Let's face it, that's the future anyway.  And all these young kids and morons who think a noisy exhaust transforms their cheap little cars into some kind of a high performance sports car.  I can never stop laughing at those imbeciles.
try to buy one just stupidity
have to agree they really always know where to hit it such a amazing car
Actually, what it needs is more stick. A stick, to be specific.
Still doesn’t sound as cool as a Ferrari.
It seems that only CD know how to make a video about the Z06 horridly BORIING! Now I know why I ended my subscription over 2 years ago. I'm going back to SavageGeese!
THE C8 is the ugliest Corvette ever!!!!!!!
This review is exactly what a car should do . DRIVE IT . I want one . I have a 95 ZR1 C4 slightly massaged and its fun . This is phenomenal. Ridiculous . For 130K.
A few seconds of B-roll with the convertible top down in motion and parked would have been nice. Otherwise the review was great.
This car the C8 Z06 is now the pinnacle of performance for the money in the world.
What's the point... Speed Limit is 70...Dense traffic... where are you going? As you get older the more ridiculous it becomes.
When a golf course mates with a racing track
There were a lot of people complaining about how the Corvette should always be front engine. We know those people were dead wrong now.
Every 2 or 3 years.  Can't believe Chevy did it again.   Praising the corvette for its new innovation.  Here's an idea why don't you start selling vehicles at msrp considering the tax payers bailed you out?   Instead the never ending redesign and full of un needed and unnecessary accessories.   Go drive a brand new accord or camry.  Drives better than any car chevy makes.  It's time to go back to the drawing board GM before you fail again and next time we're not gonna pick up the tab.
Been a Chevy salesman for five years now. The owner of our store has been a Chevy dealer for 50 years, and still can’t get his hands on one. GM needs to get their sh*t together. Good luck to anyone who wants one 🤙
Shame the new Vettes look like Kit cars.
I personally own a C8 Z06 and I absolutely love it! It’s my daily driver and I fully broke her in within a week! She’s been bulletproof and is a blast to drive!
You know what if the ZO6 sounds like that   And fast WITH 650 HP  We have all lost our minds for this much power & speed  & sound   WHAT IN THE WORLD ARE WE GONNA DO   WHEN THEY BRING OUT THE    2025   850 HP  ZR1 CORVETTE  CHEVY IS RIGHT WHAT THEY SAID  THEY PUT THE WORLD ON NOTICE        CANT WAIT TO SEE THE 2025  MID ENGINE DODGE  VIPER.   OH MAN   WISH THEY BRING BACK THE MID ENGINE 1988 FIERO GT.  NO  S E. MODELS. ONLY FAST BACK FIERO GT  WITH  A C8 ENGINE AT 490 Hp
How much does a car rlike this cost
I really do not like the design of the Corvette c8 but in this color this Corvette z06 really looks amazing!
It’s so impressive . I didn’t shift the car.
sounds just like a 4 cylinder
why not point the camera to the front do we can see where you’re going instead of looking at you?  lots of people do this, but we don’t enjoy it.  maybe your wife likes to look at you but weed rather watch the road. noe eye say’n
You need to start to shift manually man.
Man I want one but I live I. Virginia and I’m not paying 10k a year on taxes to own it
Funny how a car that keeps going up in price, gets better. In Canada, this vehicle is approaching $200k if loaded up with the goodies.
I absolutely want one..
Looks like a Lamborghini.
Great. Now just make enough, fast enough, that people can buy one for MSRP.
It’s a good car just over priced and is not a super car. If you ever driven a Ferrari or Lamborghini then you would know this z06 is no where near a super car.
I'm not a Chevy guy either, I admit my bias. While this vehicle is very impressive, are you sure the car exists (as stated in the title of the video)? At the moment, it appears that production has stopped and that no orders are being taken. I'm not actually rooting against Chevy, because IF they can make a much larger Ferrari level motor at 125 hp/liter for $400k less than Ferrari does it, then it will be an epic game changer. This would put USA on top of NA engines, a place it hasn't been in my (significant) lifetime. But, I think we need to see a few thousand per year being built to claim existence is a reality.
Chevy made a better Ferrari than Ferrari did.
what would make these pretenders, regardless of the reason, ever ever ever run a car with its tires at such a high pressure on a race track on a legit sportscar? what sense does that make? everyone knows theres quite a bit of difference between track pressures and.. everything else. therefore, it shoulda struck ppl as wrong for the tires to be at a whopping 35psi. rookies.
Its an American 458
My dream
I remember my 1983 mustang 5.0 convertable. 4 speed "H" pattern stick shift and a real clutch. You where in complete control of the car. No computer controlled paddle shifting or " launch control ". You guys can keep your 0 to 60 in 3 second corvettes.  My God do I miss that car.
ugly seatbelt
It will never be the best Vette ever until it has 3 pedals on the floor.
These are coming in automatics? He's not shifting on the wheel
WHY  CANT  THEY  MAKE  THEIR  SUV  AND  TRUCKS   RUN  LIKE  THAT  WITHOUT  THIS  BENT  PUSHROD  BS    IF  THAT  WAS  AN  SUV  I  BET  THE  ENGINE  WOULD  HAVE  TORN  IT  SELF  TO  PEICES
Get rid of the music so people can hear the engine more clearly.
I wish they would have done a small displacement turbo V8 instead.
Awsome Machlne!
I'd feel a little stank nasty if I sold some Tesla stock to buy one of these grocery machines
Sure seems like a lot of them are breaking down shortly after break-in period. Yea we can believe they're made by Chevrolet!
Man my Sante Fe only recommends tire pressure for what Costco parking lot I am in...😄
GM dealers won't be able to sell these clunkers when Elon releases the Tesla Roadster soon! ICE engines will be museum pieces.
Best Corvette!
Chevy ever going to add active aero to the Vette?
Hi folks On which racetrack were the recordings made?
With Ford having fully embraced DOHC, flat plane cranks, and is generally forward looking, and Chevrolet now going full hog and making a genuine supercar, it's no wonder Dodge is out of the game now. Got left behind by both of it's competitors.
Love it! Thanks!
...it's certainly not the best looking one...
my car has roughley 205 hp.  scary that this is like 3 of my engines in one box
too much MUSIC let's hear the sound of the car outside not that stupid music!!
The Batmobile
This driver said the car he's driving is just a convertible, and not the faster Z07.  Doesn't that rear wing only come with the Z07 package, which can be ordered with both convertible and coup?
It's an amazing car, but its sad that instead of seriously competing with the European cars in performance and lower cost, they will soon match the cost because all you morons keep buying them at higher cost. $170,000 for top ZO6...imagine what the top ZR1, ERAY, and Zora will cost. It was America's middle finger to the exotics with same performance but better value for almost the regular retired man, bit will be gone with these new models.
Electric?
Can we please get a petition going for chevorlette to produce a light weight no unnecessary feature just a true track car with this engine
Hybrid awd in 2023😒😭
still not faster than the Ford Mustang. The GT500 already beat the vette.
This is such a great review of the C8 Z06!
Those hairy forearms damn!
The engine note whines just as much as you do.
Didn't know the story behind the inspiration of the 458 on the Z06 - my 2 dream cars 😍
Dang! I’ve been Carlos for a while . I’m getting old lol😂
I been tellin folks for years if GM ever did an engine like this the power would be insnane being N/A. This car is incredible.
Zr1 or nothing
that intro wasn’t Chris Harris, but that’s ok
Yea but could it beat the mustang GT 500 cause as we all know the GT is whipping the vette  which I think it suck.
Drooling again
What's the top speed?
Sorry but that’s Porsche money.
Bro everybody gonna be swapping these motors in to other cars I’ll bet on it
Sounds like a legit 458 im surprised Ferrari hasnt went after them 😂
Flat plane v8s sound awful, like 4cylinder awful.
I dont like the fact they changed the look to look like a Ferrari and a lamborghini..The Corvette had its own look they just messed it all up.
Ignition on MT used to be my favorite car show. MT has gone off the rails. I am ecstatic how much this new Car and Driver formula with Carlos mimics the old school Ignition I used to live for.
incredible video. you guys are doing an amazing job!!
Its dope...but the C7 ZO6/GS still looks a little better to me...plus the manual transmission...
I can barely afford to even watch this.
This will go down as one of the best combustion engine cars ever made as we unfortunately leave this era into electric.
My Father bought a Bob Bondurant setup 1963 Corvette Stingray IN 1963.......... this Z06 is the car he was promised and payed for and never got ...... He has sinced passed, but if he could only see this beast now !!!!! And it begs the question ..... why would anyone buy anything from Europe ???? WHY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  488 Ferrari ???? GT3 RSR Porsche ???? M4/M8 BMW ??? Aston-Martin (a joke, rears it's ugly head every 50 years) ???? Are you serious ??!!      🙂
this thing with catback exhuast is my dream car.
So this is when you can’t afford a real 458 huh?
This is the first time I've ever heard a GM V8 that does not sound like a GM V8. I'm not criticizing it, I just can't make it be a V8 in my ears. Sounds like a V6.
WOW, this thing in black <3
If my Patent gets accepted I'll be buying my Dad one of these 🥲 and a matching V-Escalade
The Tesla Plaid is pretty fast too.
You are doing great, keep it up!! You need to look into Promo`SM!!!
too many ads, couldn't watch...
Yeah well, What's hard to believe is that a 4 door sedan can mop the floor with it.
It can't be "The best vette ever" without a (real) manual tranny.
Can’t wait till GM puts a super charger on it!
Finally at the point where I have the cash for one of these, but not the time nor the garage space :(
Corvette is coping Mclaren
Amazing car
Yeah it's just nuts. (Perfect for nutty people.)  Buy the automatic though, so you can sit in comfort while in the nutty phucking traffic w/ the rest of us.
too bad that plasticky styling in the back
McLaren should sue Chevrolet for blatantly ripping off their design!
I'd take a twin turbo over anything normally asperiated!!!  It is not even close!!!
Everything about the car is good, chassis, engine except: •  Rear end design with tail lights from the down line car (Camaro)!! •  interior design •  Instrumemtation •  HAVC controls on a center rail ?!!!  Really Chevy?!!! •  Square steering wheel!!!   Pretty much nonsense!!!
Needs a manual.
Basically a budget Ferrari 458
It doesn't. Nothing from 2023 exists yet.
Just wait for the all electric 1000 horsepower Vette to come out in 2025.
I am a die hard ford fanboy and always will be but goddamn, hats of to Chevy for this absolute masterpiece of a car, the next one may be a hybrid but I’m still interested to see just how far they will be able to push this platform
Ideas borrowed from Italian and German engineers.
Your a lucky man to be driving that beautiful car on a track
Can’t even get into 3 minutes and y’all have 2 ads. Pass!
Looks like a fun ride, but that is the ugliest corvette ever. It's like some Batman fanboy got control of the autocad desk and crafted a batmobille vette for his 12 year old self.
Nurburgring. Would love to see to one lap : )
Over priced piece of plastic
Imagine if they could have dropped a manual in it too... someone needs to do that.
Thing is going to carry a $50K dealer markup for a while... But still costs less than a Lambo...
that is a car but I can not see the driver. pro drivers shift manually while going fast on laps.
8600 BABY~~~~!
I am a Ford guy and this vette has my attention,Chev outdid themselves,nice job.
Can you imagine what the ZR1 will be like? (!) I read or heard that it may come with two turbos mated to this incredible V8. If that's true, I would imagine an increase of 100 to 150 horsepower. I hope that's true. Because that would be insane. 🤞 9:56 looks like a drawer full of knives....  10-22-24 Boy was I wrong! 1,064 hp.
Love that throttle off crackle
your moving your hands all over the steering wheel !  why?  my race car instructor said don't move your hands.   Spa-Francorchamps.
So much for the ‘attainable’  $60k Vette.
Imagine technology would get cars to a hovering level like Back to the future.
“If you use existing product as your benchmark for your concept, you are five years behind the competition “  - Ford engineer.
This car and this channels review are exactly what’s been wrong with the auto industry for decades now. Same old buzz words same old phrases to describe the new same old thing. You overpay for this thing and a month later you’ll realize it’s just another car.
We all know the only reason it's the most powerful naturally aspirated V8 is because Koenigsegg didn't see any reason to use that many cylinders to get that power. There's Koenigsegg then there's everybody else. I'm not hating, I'm just stating the truth. The Z06 is certainly a monster but I think the C7 looks way better.
Would love to put that engine in my C5....
Race a Tesla x plaid. O.  M G. ! We own both. Chevy has the looks and style and name - I LOVE mine.  But they all fishtail hard core - just like my C6.  What the heck? I do not like Musk but his cars are so fun, intelligent, capable, and is such a lightning rod, - I did not want to like it, but ugly outside is overlookable - it is incredible.
Track testing does not mean “okay we’re going pretty fast i think I’m good” what a wussy
Too bad the new corvettes are so ugly!
Wow Chevy built a Ferrari how exciting. Yes it's cheaper but when it cost $150,000 what difference does it make when the average person will not be able to afford one so it might as well be $400,000. It's also ugly.
American supercar
Looks like he's chill'n while he's racing! True drivers' car!
Could you just stop talking for a lap or two and let us all enjoy the song that's coming from the motor?
I'm Batman.
It only took the Corvette team like 15 years to figure out that young people aren't into the old stingray curvy body type.   It finally looks like a respectable American supercar.
THAT DRIVER'S SEAT MOVES WAAAAAAYYYYY TOO MUCH !!!! LOOKS FLUMSY
Great car, horrible video. Basically a video of a fast car driven not too fast by a dude sounding like a fanboy for the whole time...
it either a Puff Piece or a Hit Piece
A model X could give it a run for its money. Even with a baby seat and golf clubs in the back.
Good for Chevy.  I'm still not a fan of the styling.  What's underneath seems proper supercar though.  I also think it's kind of lame "copying" Ferrari design. Because it will always be a "poor man's Ferrari" because of it.
When is cleeter going to twin turbski this brother?
is that ryan reynolds
Excellent stuff bro
Best American sports car to date is finally comparable with the European benchmark by becoming a eurocopy with a yank power plant
Sounds like a ferrari,  looks like a ferrari....
I really expected that my car was the last great NA Z06.  In developing it to its full NA potential, displacement has grown to 8.2L.  Suspension has been similarly reworked.   It's fairly monstrous, now.  Despite having that, I'm pretty excited about this car.  I need another garage bay, I think.
How many ways can you say the same thing over and over again?
I'm sorry, not to sound terribly negative, but I can't warm up to the new generations of Corvettes. This is not the American sports car that I have loved over the years, it belongs in Europe. Why are we emulating European mid-engine design? Leave that on the other side of the pond thank you.
Can't get any uglier.
Impressive car.not so impressive sound
Nice Ferrari copy 👍
It's hard to believe anyone buys these new vetted. Mary Barra and rest of upper management ruined 90% of people's corvette dreams by allowing dealers to charge 25000 dollar plus mark ups on cars people had waited 2 years to get. Keep your piece of junk car. Being a general motors employee who made your camaros for 25 years makes no difference. If you don't care for your own you definitely don't care for Joe average. By ruining my vetted experience I don't even consider chevrolet when buying a car. Your lots don't exist to this retiree. I buy Toyota now . That's were my  chevrolet retirement  money goes. Profit only company, waste your money were you want. Just not chevrolet.             Retired chevrolet,u.a.w. member
I actually dont like the look of the front bottom part. I think it looks better without it. It almost changes the entire look of the car
And to think, it only took Chevy about 60 years to figure out where the engine's suppoed to go in a proper sports car!
Yep it's a performer.  But it's butt ugly.
Great car. I’d like to watch the car a lot more than I want to watch you drive it from a front mounted camera. One of the most beautiful things about the car is the center console, which gets little to no attention from the camera angles. The car is the subject, not you.
Its what happens when Corvette let Europeans design their cars = Americas first True Sports car (Designed by Europe)
Nothing about this car screams America. It says I want to be European like the rest of them
Great car but GM allowing the insane markups and lack of availabilty is the biggest screwing ive ever seen, at MSRP the car is amazing but the overall quality for the 200+ true prices, nope not there yet.  Yes at msrp id buy one tomorrow
kok
Stupid car to own for driving in 99.999% of places on earth. Looks & sounds great though.
The Z07 best bang for the buck? Wonder what the Porsche 911 GT2 Turbo costs though?
love to buy a stripped out version of  it
It may be fast but looks made of cheap plastics as compared to Italian and German cars. It’s like comparing B spoke made to cookie cutter factory made
Might be the best vette ever, but man is it ugly.  I don't know what is up with modern designers and jagged, angular edges.
I dont underrstand the logic of doing a "Professional" car review, acting like a "Professional" driver testing the cars potential, working for a "Professional" car reviewing company, AND DRIVING THE GOD DAMN CAR IN AUTOMATIC. WTFFFF utterly disgusted
Guy from chevy dealer offered me one for $150K.... over sticker!! LOL When will prices come down?
Pls watch The Cood Lords .  THANKS!
Remember everyone GM AND CADILLAC INVENTED THE FLAT PLANE CRANK ENGINE V8 in 1923 Ferrari came years later so Ferrari can thank gm
Hope these owner's take to the track and not just Cars and Coffee.. Looking forward to seeing Nürburgring Nordschleife track times.
We want Zora!!!
I saw one of these park in the street and they look like a hypercar... they really nailed that design
Never been a fan of modern corvettes but still nice. Hot rods for life no matter what kind ❤
Still a POS Chevy. You can polish a turd but it’s still a turd…
Just another track car not many will afford or buy. I would of respected Chevy more for making a desirable car for the masses like it used to be. Remember those times guys? Kids today are brainwashed and will never know or experience what we had. Half of this generation is so delusional they type in the comment section "I wonder what color I should get" as they show off their childish video game channel plays.
An odd question I would like to know . If you drove this car as your only daily driver , driving it sanely . Taking care of it and doing all the factory maintenance required . Would it be as reliable and go 200 plus thousand miles ?   That would be even more impressive if it could !
I just took delivery of mine but will sell it to one of you turds for 100000 over list. Which one of you is the most turd?
The new Z06, the Viper, the Dodge Demon, these are things that happen when car guys are running projects instead of Marketing Research or Corporate types.  And you know they're giggling like maniacal super villains while they're bolting this stuff together.  "Hey what if we took a small block and gave it big heads and let it rev like a pro stock engine?  No no, what if gave it 4 valves and dual overhead cams and made it of aluminum?? Yeah!!"  "Do you still have that hemi crate engine sitting in the shed?  What if we gave it fuel injection.  No no; what if we gave it fuel injection AND put a massive supercharger on it??  Yeah!!"  "How fun would it be if we put a big V8 in a two seater frame?  No no, even better, how cool would it be if we put a BIG V10 in a two seater?? Yeah!!"
Love the car, don't love the weight. That thing is an absolute boat anchor. A Boosted Civic with 400hp would eat this car for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
As someone who has grown up loving a lot of European cars like Ferrari, I've always respected the Corvette. However, the C8 Z06 has blown me away. I absolutely love this car.
And you already know its a historic vehicle with that engine.
cant take the guy seriously at all when he moves his hands on the wheel while driving on the track credibility gone in the first 2 seconds and then a stupid cliff hanger with no track time when you are on a track all day wtf you doin
Under 3 seconds is ridiculous on a NA ICE.
I can't afford it but, how much?
GM, did a great job!! I like to see it, go head to head with GT40.
Imagine how ridiculous the ZR-1 will be.
*gets blown out by Plaid on the streets.
If only I have $200k for msrp plus $50k dealer prep…
I like the stingray better because it has a nice interior and better space.
Looks like Grattan. 👍🏼 Always a bit weightless after the Bowl.
Hard to hear the engine with your constant talking. I’m out.
This might be the only american car that excites me. I think this may be the best example of american car production. Muscle cars are dumb and clunky, THIS is a real racecar.
No manual transmission tho smh …
Ryan Reynolds let his little brother drive his golf cart
A few years back, a Corvette won at the 24 hour Le Mans in France.  But when you went to the showroom to buy one, it had more horsepower than the winner at Le Mans due to racing restrictions.
Best Vette ever isn't a very high bar
amar patel has got a few of these vettes  amar23 license plates look for him on the road hes got the keys to barrett jacksons car auctions he lives in glenview il next to the panjwanis down the road from the im shmiley mosk
Never been a Corvette guy but this car is sick
Dude, why drive it like a grandma, play with the paddles, Geez, you can train a chimp to put it in Automatic and drive🙄🤦🏻??
Can we all imagine for a second. What the ZR1 could be?
Dam that thing is beautiful!!!
That sure looks an awful like Kentucky. I wonder if that’s in Bowling Green?
E
Damn it looks so good in black
I wonder if any professional drivers say “Power Band” ?
How do you expect me to believe the opinions of a person that drives a sports car on a race track in automatic mode?
Plastic body flares couldn't be any tackier. Lacks euro sexy and wait...is the motor still old fashion pushrod that'll blow up before 50,000 kms at those revs ?
"Those downshifts are fantastic!!" ---- if only the driver was making them.
Everyone knows the 1965 Corvette Stingray is the best, but good try.
Is there a setting that lets it to automatic downshifting or not if you want it?
Sad but a new z06 got spanked on fm2499 in flowermound Texas lastnight across the street from Home Depot at 2123 cst by a Tesla. Poor man looked like a Trump voter on Jan 7th at the next light. It’s ok bro do what makes you feel pretty!!!
Back in my days of buying the vette they were affordable. Chevy should make a basic version for the average joe.
Try all you want but it's still a "Cheby"...Lol!😆 From the "Fast and Furious!" Dodge Bros.🤙😎
The spirit of the corvette died years ago. They are simply cloning Ferraris at this point. It’s fugly.
it shoulve been a V10
If only it was 300-400 lbs lighter and came with a manual transmission option.
Nice review.  Good to see Carlos doing review again.
Does this guy know we can see his speedo ?
I do love how the guy goes on and on about the sound and power of a car that will be bought by old farts that will never drive the car over the speed limit and actually take advantage of it.  Corvette's are THE midlife crisis purchase item.  The thing could have a 4 cylinder with a sound system making the high performance V-8 noises and would fill the need of those folks.  But yes, it's also a super car.
The German car magazine actually likes an American car??? Although after it said it stole it's design from Ferrari. Car and driver never fails to disappoint. Go back to your Beemers and other German cars you like so well. On the next installation, they will tell you how cheap the interior is.
What an ugly car. It looks like a cheap kit car. Big fail..But, hey, it's GM.
😅🤣😂
Emelia Hartford got a 10.5 and a 2.2 to 60mph
Overpriced, usless, plastic garbage. Anyone who buys a vette is a complete toolbag.
That would be the only Chevy that I would ever want to buy.
While the car's aero is fully functional, the car looks like some kid poorly installed a cheap body kit on their car.
How about we build an American sportscar instead of another high dollar Ferrari/ lambo clone?
1st flyby sounds like ferrari r430.
can't be the best vette ever with a manumatic.
Pile of junk by a woke company and most likely pedophiles like all democrats.
That front is looking more 90s firebird than 23 corvette to me, idk it's cool but...
I feel like you could better describe your experience using foul language. Sometime you just have to say HOLY F@&%!
Review is horrible..how about stop going in circles and really give a in depth review..ur obviously more concern about driving it...
Why don’t you American bloggers bought off by Chevrolet talk about quality. Corvette  is a piece of junk.
My 1959 🇺🇸 Corvette is the "Best Vette" in my opinion..👍
It's automatic tho!!! Takes most of the fun away...
Male fantasy.  I do not have a private race track. So where could I drive it like that besides GERMANY.
My PACER WOULD DRIVE OVER THIS slow poke.
COST HOW MUCH TO RUN % DRIVE & TEST?
An automatic, manual would be even quicker/faster.
I love this car,   it lets all women know which men have small dicks.     No more guesswork.
Currently it is unobtainable and costs more than a new 488. Man.. I love the new z06  I like the c7 z06 too tho  But the NA screamer in the c8 Holy hell
Basically, this is what the corvette should have been 50 years ago, when Ford brought the Pantera to market.
Love it. Unapologetically violent and not exactly very nice or sophisticated. It just goes about caning and it.....canes and canes and canes.  Fist! No prisoners..
I don't believe it exists at all...fake car
What a beautiful track!
I would buy one except i own nothing and have not been paid
Johnny and Carlos were thDynamic Duo
i really enjoyed this video. off to look for more video of this against jeep trackhawk 🔥
it's hard to believe it's that ugly
And yet it will NEVER be a Ferrari …it will always be a Chevy a Chevy !
Corvette sucks
The title is misleading. It does not exist. I want to buy one and it is not possible. If it actually existed, it would be possible.
I see a lot of folk, on this thread & understand the love for the corvette.  I may not have read far enuff, to see who opposes to the mimicked gills etc . . .  I am a var enthusiasts and mold clay over styrofoam for mass production of rc bodies.  I just feel chevy should been a bit more innovative, with wind consumption.  JMO  ✊🏾
Cadillac introduced the first flat plane crank V8 engine in 1923. But people always saying GM is copying Ferrari technology, which should be the other way around? And Ferrari used GM magnetic shocks on some of their cars.
Sadly, it's still a Chevrolet.  I'd be expecting it to fall apart.
Sure it “exists”, but go to a Chevy dealer and try to order one, and see what happens. We won’t see these on the road for another year
its fun and all, but as a mechanic, does this car has the same problems as the last? can it last at last long? whats happens after 100,000 km?
enjoy the combustion because dumbass evs will be what we gotta have in time if things dont change this will be the great days of the last combustion engines i beilive
Too angular.  2012 was the last good looking vette
And its so bad azz you dont have to wear any safety equipment while you drive at nascar speeds. No really wear your safety gear nobody is above safety. requirements are smart decisions even when nobody's looking. Well that's called integrity. I call it staying alive to drive fast tomorrow. Yes do not what this guy does wear your safety gear it'll save your life maybe.
Slow speedo.
I just don't like the styling.
No manual transmission is a hard no. I don't need a supercharger, either. It's a pass for me, a street driver. I don't drive tracks; I drive road.
Corvette finally beat Ferrari.
All the errors in the bad and poor design, trying to be dissimulated with a extremely wide car, that is very problematic even to park, compare the wide with another "professional" sport car
Nice to see you again Larlos Cago
Why do I need a special license to drive (or fly) so many vehicles. But not for this?
wish it had a manual, seems like he got lazy and went into auto drive / pilot mode...
Wow
Im so happy for you guys(americans) that you got your stuff together finally! Its looks like you have a great car right there!
Batman would be proud to own this car.  The New Batmobile. 🦇
It doesn't even sound like a V8.  Interesting
Bravo GM
The truly frightening thing is the Corvette rivals supercars 3 or more times its price…and it’s a production car!  Imagine if the Chevy engineers decided to say “F^^k it, let’s go all out and build a real supercar!’
Too bad it's now out of most people's price range.
Let's see how well that high-strung flat crank V8 holds up after, say, 100K miles? That will be very telling as to how well the engines were designed/built.
250+ after greedy dealer mark ups
Truly incredible car. Well done, Chevrolet.
gotta love Carlos Lago. Dude is awesome
Just wait until the next couple trims.. :)
When it starts winning races like the C7 did, then it'll be the best Vette ever...... 🤔
I'm not a Chevy guy, but have to give props to their engineers. The performance and that sound are world class. I want to see this American supercar beat the rest of the world racing.
"Drag Race Required"  Ford GT vs C8 Z06 "Epic"
And to think a ZR1 is still on the way
Dear Santa.......
The only thing this car is missing is lightweight. They should make a factory lightweight version or instead of making the ZR1 more powerful just use the same engine setup and shed weight.
More. Should we just call it the Morvette?
This dude is worse than any average everyday youtuber 👎
The new Batmobile. I’d sell a kidney for one of these. Up front disclaimer I don’t drink a lot of water so don’t use it.
Guys , it looks like a #spaceShip !
How do you start the beginning of an American Corvette review with a line about an Italian Ferrari... oh to compare it to a Ferrari 🤣 I guess...,.
c6 z07 says otherwise but journalists gonna journalist. lol
another trash can for 100k
the way this dude drives and how he manages the wheel on track makes me wanna vomit
Chevy copying Ford and calling it new is a long standing tradition.
Top end speed is kinda low for such a powerful car
I can trust a guy who drives the car in auto for the whole review
I want one
Just one detail..670 hprs full of plastic panels same money price tag can buy a porches 911. and is 2+2….😎
11:06 maybe Mossler has some competition?  lol
Awesome car always loved the Z06 but this Gen is way too expensive. $186k fully loaded, and that’s without markup, $60k more expensive than the last gen Z06..
sweet car its not a Corvette but its nice
Please man I’m begging you, hold the steering wheel at 9 and 3 and keep your hands there, so much more control over the car that way, and please put the car in manual mode!
it's like the Italians have been making mid-engine supercars for 100 years....... .
69 Vette was the best ever - period. And it has nothing to do with sheer power.
The body type is pretty sexy!....I would love to take this bad boy around the track, you can only imagine how many sexy girls you can pull, riding around in this beauty!😍😍
cool car
Nice, but not interested. Never buy expensive junks. Good luck.
It looks ridiculous.
Wow thats amazing. If they keep it at a not insane price point also just amazing
The experienced tester commented it'll go as fast as he dares, yet still have plenty more capability.  We seem to have reached tbe point where faster, more power, doesn't automatically = better. In the past that's all that mattered. Make it faster. Give it more power. Make it stop shorter, turn harder.  That no longer seems to be the most important. At this point, the overall experience matters as much or more than the numbers. Witness Chevy going back to target 458 instead of 488.  Fortunately it seems z06 delivers way more than numbers alone. The whole package adds up to a driving experience that exceeds expectations.  Now plz put an exclamation point on that and add a manual shifting experience.
If the car looks great, sounds great and feels great... you got a great car. And I'm a Ford guy!
C&D was so much better when it was on paper, not on the internet.
Does it come with a gold chain to wear while your shirt is unbuttoned halfway down?
Banshees actually have a very high, piercing shriek, so if you car sounds like a banshee it's time to pull over lol This car looks really cool but I'd 100% rather have a Cayman or pay twice as much for a 911 S
Looks like he's playing a video game. Does video game level shifting all on its own?! WHAT?!
I would love to have this Z06 but can't. Not because of the price but because of all the jealous haters. You can't have nice things anymore.
I'm looking at the thumbnail and I'm thinking "Lambo with a pathetic shrunken nose".
Deadpool found a great home!
It's a beautiful sounding and beautiful in appearance car
Ya but no manual trans....  And the body looks like the car had a kid and kept the weight on!!!!
The exterior is doing to much
Great. Just reduce the volume of the opening scene music. Increase the speech volume.
It’s crazy to think that nowadays you simply buy a “10-second car” instead of building one
Love the new looks and performance. Sounds just like a Ferrari V8
If I had one I'd drive it in the show and ice.
When you turn an American legend in to a Ferrari it is not the best corvette ever it’s the biggest pile of wanna be dog poop, it don’t matter how fast or what the features. It’s not a real corvette it’s a wanna be.
Me in one of these is only two possible outcomes: 1) Dead or 2) in jail
Please tell the truth.  What about the costumer reviews?  What about the problems with the technology?  Buyers beware.
My only issue with this Corvette is that it doesn't look great.
Verry Nice baby 💖💛💛
Neighbors... he is cutting his grass again, no honey its not a weed whip, its his car. A Tesla sounds better.
It's obviously an excellent car, I'm just not sure what you would do with it on the streets except loose your license.   😁
Years and years of dominating GT LeMans endurance racing was a slight help too.
The speed is so much higher he said. So is the ridiculous ride height of over 5.3 inches which is insanely high for a car that is known for taking turns at high speed. This car will wreck easily, I'm sure video will surface of it happening at car meets
Only old geezers and rich kids can buy a new vette. I will stick with sport bikes, the only thing fast a can afford as an engineer.
Id put UGR KILR on my plates if I had one in houston. Talk about fun playing with supercars
FYI this is all BS hype about a car you can't have.  I'v spoken with every top Corvette dealer in NA and I can't get one at any price.  I have cash and others do too, if you don' t 'know someone' you can't have this car, period.  I'll wait until something comes up on the secondary market  I guess, or more than likely buy something else since the car is basically un buyable despite having the money.
Can you get it in manual?
I'm not into American cars, but this car is so GODLY.
Quarter to three.... quarter to three.... quarter to three....... Who drives a supercar like this LOL.
Except it's butt ugly
I hate it when film editors erase true engine sound with sound effect music... Not just here, but in a LOT of engine sound videos.
All i see when i look at it and hear it is a Ferrari
Ive been thinking about getting one of these and I assumed black wouldn't be a good choice. I thought one of the louder colors would show the lines better and look exotic, but that black looks real nice.
You've left it in automatic mode for the transmission 🥲 WTF!!
If it ain't German..not interested.
I like how GM goes to great lengths to look the part, shaving weight with fancy carbon wheels and carbon square steering wheels... yet the car still weighs a ginormous amount.  The lightest version is 3721lbs , almost 500-600lbs more than a new 911 GT3, or 600lbs more than a C6 Z06 which had a 7.0L NA engine.
This guy doesn't know how to hold a steering wheel nor manual shift on a track, how can anyone listen to him????
I don’t get it, it’s a Ferrari or a Corvette?
Not a single mention about the engine design, flat plane crank, dual throttle bodies, intake plenums just like the Ferrari, etc. massive oversight.
100% NO one exhaust note!!
good luck finding one..
Looks like a fun car to steer.
Cool to see Grattan featured. It's an incredible race track! May be the best road course in MI
You know what I see? Your elbow hitting the console. How can you drive that aggressively when you can’t get full arm movement to steer?
How is not using the paddle shifters? 🤦‍♂️
Sound is incredible for a stock car.  What a bargain!
Stradman has the Z07. 2nd one delivered in the world. He went track with Triple F collection yesterday and lost 6 races in a row to a variety of cars in 1/4 mile. Granted it was 25 degreees and he had thr Triple R tires and other cars were all wheel drive for most part.. But he couldn’t get it to stick 1 time with traction control on.  They gotta be able to put the power down despite the temperature imo.. Sweet ass car tho.. His came out of the demo mode while he was driving onto track lol. The 500 mile demo mode literally rolled over when he passed through the track gate l😊ol
Goal to get one in 2024
Nothing about the 'C8' is Corvette. It only wears the badge & retains none of the History !
Put that in a 2006 body and i'm all in.
best vette ever 65-67
Ew why drive it in automatic mode
What was the lap time at Grattan?
That guy can barely drive, just look at his very awkward hand movement when turning, like in jagged steps instead of continuous and fluid.
The Ferrari 458 was my favorite to realistically buy...until this. Kudos Chevy!
When Anderson Dick put his hands on this, the world is gonna end.
it's funny when he is talking about the speed is so much higher the speedometer shows 46-68mph
It's a great car, but with gas powered cars dying off and EV's coming up. Should have something that can compare to the 2023 tesla roadster if you want to keep relevance. Ijs
Maybe it's just me but seeing the driver with both hands on the wheel while a computer shifts the gears seems so lame, for lack of a better word. I know it has paddle levers, just not the same as a good old stick car.
Eew automatic 🤮
I can't wait to drive it in a racing sim. I hope they get the sound right :)
I'd take  C6 over a C8 everyday of the week and twice on Sundays. Don't care about the performance specs. Sometimes, tradition is more important. Chevrolet screwed up when they went mid-engine with the Vette.
Only one of 20 made for 2023 lol and…….. only a$50k dealer markup! Get yours today!
Keep having fun, but this is absurd. Ex-piston head.
Not a corvette. Damn good car, and I’m sure it’s fantastic to drive around a track. But it’s not a corvette. Lol
When a car company starts from scratch, it shows nothing about the previous generation is worth keeping.  This is why GM uses other cars for guidance because they are superior. Compare it to the Porsche 911? You can't...
so you are in a Z06 and not shifting manually…jesus
classic GM product... UGLY TO THE BONE !!
How sad that dealerships have made the Corvette a car that we cannot afford anylonger.
Wonder what they're gona do with the zr1 and Zora if they still plan on doing them.
flat plane crank... revs effortlessly
The more I look at it the less I like the body lines. Can't argue with performance, but there's angles sticking out everywhere. It's gonna look dated in 3 years. I guess that's what GM wants though, right?
The last Corvette was a C7 ZR1. This is a wannabe Ferrari. Not a brute front engine, rear wheel drive sports car. I want a manual and a supercharged cross plane in my vette not this Ferrari ass automatic only.
Awesome rig but it's a bummer you lose that iconic LS tone with the flat crank engine.
Wow, what an awesome car that no one can afford and even get one.
Yooo i love Grattan. Love going to that track
The z51 is 99 percent more than most people need. I can’t believe what the zo6 will be able to do !
Best Vette is like an oxymoron. Never liked them, never will. And now they are just knock offs of better looking Ferarris. Also overpriced and owned exclusively by douches and old perverts. They aren't rare, special or good. They are a perfect epitome of all things wrong with modern cars.
holy crow stop shuffling your hands while making minor steering inputs, I literally can't watch lol. he's touching every part of the wheel except the grips.
What a machine.
Quality blows
That's something more owner's manuals need!
It’s a little too late electric vehicles are much quicker and more reliable
Beautiful car
buyer, "what's that"?, car dealer, "that's the market adjustment sticker".
Raising my mug and nodding in the direction of whoever programmed that downshift code.
Until it is fully electric I won’t buy it.
Dude did you clean the seat when you where done? Pretty sure I saw an "O" face
It's hideous. When is the C9 coming out?
We are also getting to the point where vehicles and other things are so complex, and electric assisted everything, that we won't be able to maintain or repair these vehicles long term, and if any major catastrophes happen, these will all be useless and forgotten. Technology has gotten out of control and most of it is unnecessary, and is making all of us lazier and dumber in general. Both cool, and depressing at the same time. Then there is the price tag for this stuff, insanely overpriced, creeping up into super car territory little by little. More toys for the rich while the rest of us are left behind as peasants.
I feel your pure joy while driving it. 😀
Love the looks of the newer vettes, but they feel more and more like a Ferrari or Lambo. No style of their own. Always chasing the euro's..... Amazing car none the less.
Chevrolet Corvette Z06
Hey thats my home track.  I once had a dinner with one of the old Corvette test drivers off a day i spent there.  I'm still racist against Car and Driver for not hiring anyone under 190cm, its kinda cringe.  C8 is a dream but still have mild concerns about its steering if not much else, i hope its not fluff when people say its decent, if it has to be electronic we have ways to do that well these days.  Also f978 ann arbor
It’s cool except for the fact that it will cost at least 150k after dealer scamups
What a ride
Great, but the Tesla Plaid beats it by a second and a half in the quarter, and 0-60 by almost a second.  Good car, but not the king of the hill they have been promoting it as.
Tires barely holding on taking 45 mph turns lol I’d take a C7 Z06 over that all day
It's ugly, doesn't look like a Vette, and it's an auto only.🤦‍♂ For the price it's a bargain but I'm old, and just love the '68/'72.
Revving that high, the engineers must of shortened the stroke quit a bit, maybe GM is Finally starting to get off their vain high horse....nah doubt it. GM as a whole is crap since 2000 and got worse during the bail outs of 08.
Your hands fumbling on the steering wheel are so unsettling that i can't watch, even when i mute your bland babbling. Need to learn to drive, need to learn voice acting, need to learn some journalism, need to read a lot of books to acquire some good methapors. Good luck.
Aute ut ea eiusmod nulla dolor laborum.
It’s a nice car with improved performance but it doesn’t even look like a corvette
Ayee, that's my motorcycle racing track!
Mine stays in the shop a lot with electrical problems, always something coding out,
An automotive journalist said, “I have no desire to shift it manually on this race track.” We are at the end of an era. Cancel my subscription.
Ad minim fugiat cupidatat adipisicing eiusmod cillum proident laboris incididunt ea occaecat.
Love these awsome engineer cars but I'm sickened that they're allowed on public roads. More macho for the wealthy endangering the public.
I want his job
It's too bad they have to pipe some fake motor noises still.. oh my god that sounds horrible and synthetic.
Its not a corvette. its a great value supercar. Real cars dont shift themselves
<3 that track
I have a cdl how can I get a job at car and driver?
This car sounds like an automobile orgasm
It may be named the corvette, but it is not a corvette… Chevy should have kept the vette front engine and named this something else
_[Boner intensifies]_
the sound of the  enormous engine cajones is just perfect. Nothing beats absolute linear gigantor power. I just kept this video going because I loved the sound so much.
Until the valves start dropping 😂
Awd handles much better
1080P, 10K likes, LmAo, what is this 2012?
Seriously one of the most beautiful cars ever.
$170,000? what happened to the $59999 supercar?? is the zo6 seriously more than twice the car of it's base? how did it more than double in price, just for the top trim?
I tried giving the C8 time to grow on me and I still hate it. The C7 was gorgeous and sexy. The C8 looks like the US was trying too hard to not be the US. All I think is Euro trash when I see it. Then, I hear it. It sounds like a Yamaha R1! Very disappointed on multiple levels.
WOW….it looks like a Million bucks………..
I have a fully straight piped 458. This is the first Vette ever that’s truly awesome. They should’ve been building them like this all along. Bravo to whoever had the sack to green light this. Now if Ferrari would stop this green madness!
I enjoyed the video and love the sound of the engine, but why does no one mention WHY this V8 is so different than the typical American V8?  The flat-plane crank is what puts this Z06 in a class of cars that very few cars have ever been in, The only cars in the V8 club that I can think of off the top of my head are Ferrari, McLaren, Lotus, BMW (in the E90 M3) and to a lesser extent the Ford Mustang GT350 (which is a flat plane-crank but with an odd/unique firing order).
Why don't you just leave a few minutes earlier to wherever you're going so you don't have to drive so fast, which would be more relaxing, safer, and would probably result in better gas mileage.  Plus, you could hear music better with a quieter engine and you'd save money if you bought a less powerful car, which would give you more free time to play patty-cake with your friends and braid each other's hair.
This car is going to sell fast
american garbage
I want to see this car race the track focused mustangs and the GT.
$200K markup price
Still think it needs a manual option!  Awesome car though!
I knew that the inception of the c8 platform, would have diehard fans for GM. Corvettes have always been beautiful sports cars imo, now it's a beautiful super car on a budget. Way to go GM 👍
but did it have to beeeee that ugly? and couldnt they have designed a better interior? The answer to both questions? no. US automotive and ergonomic design sucks consistently.
Bring.  Back.  The.  Viper.  Already.  C'mon SRT, use all those carbon credits from your *spits* electric muscle cars and do a complete redesign of that monstrous V-10!!  1L per cylinder or bust for your last hurrah!
Can’t get the looks of it….too many angles….trying too hard.
I think most potential customers who can afford the purchase price will be smart enough to realize that this is dated tech and a very poor investment when you can buy a model as plaid for less money and better performance.
That thing is a weapon. The ultimate street car by far!
When is the channel going to be just called "Car", (replacing "Car and Driver".)?  Because every year now, the car is doing more of the driving and the driver is doing less.
As cars that not many can afford become more and more automatic to drive, we may crow about its performance, but we can't crow about our driving skill.
I knew a couple of HS kids or just graduated who worked on farms in my rural area around 1980 who could afford a new Corvette.  Other than a friend of mine who started a factory, I don't know anybody today who can afford one.  Do you?
How does he blip the gas in an automatic when entering a curve ??
I’m just patiently waiting on the ZR1 💙🤧
slow very slow ford fiesta eco boost 5.0 better
Cool ride. I'm gonna trade in my 2013 Camry and get one of those.
The sound of the car is amazing! In my opinion the sound is not what we used to nor it sound good on American muscle car.
So goddamn ugly..
"I have no desire to shift it manually on this race track" Every thing this man has said has lost all merit after that statement.  I can never take the review or opinions serious after hearing that.
EUROPE CAN SUCK IT!
"More stick?"  You mean more grip.  Stick refers to the shifter, a MT
Weird - shifting can be heard, yet the driver is not shifting.  What?  It doesn't sound like an automatic shift either...  the paddle shifter controls can be seen on the steering wheel but are not used?  Those downshifts REALLY sound like an manual shift.  That is interesting.  So.. its an 8spd auto only, no standard shift available.  Wow nice auto shifts.  Impressive car.
Bad ass except I'm not a fan of black wheels. It's so damn ugly
I'm still trying to get over the fact that they waited this long to do the right thing with the engine placement and design.
I want to drive one too.
Purist bash the redesign, but if it keeps you smiling through the entire track ride, then it’s a winner IMHO! 🤗
He must drive a Prius in his daily life with the way he fumbles that steering wheel and keeps it in automatic mode🤮
It's not a gas pedal. It's a GIGGLE pedal.
Gotta be Michigan roads.
Zr1 will be insane
170k for A CORVETTE?!? WTF has the world come to?
Good review.  Wouldn’t the 0-60 times have been better also with less tire pressure?
Kinda hard to listen to a guy talk about a car as he shuffles his hands around the steering wheel four or five times per corner
Every year Corvette inches closer and closer to the batmobile
Chevrolet Corvette
@4:20 you aren't moving your hands to a shifter or touching the paddles...so the car even does the shifting for you? Starting to seem lazy (or idiot proof).
Most powerful naturally aspirated production V8.*  Sorry- had to be that guy....
Ill say it again. Ford murdered the Ford GT. You can tell me all you want it had to be a V6 because of racing regulations and it’s faster than a V8, which is the dumbest excuse because how can you say that about a V8 that was never made, and blah blah blah. The new Ford GT is a compliance car.... EPA crap so they could have their new engines in the super duty line up, because that’s where Fords real money is. So they dig the engine out of my moms 2008 Edge and refined it a little and added some turbos and hype, marketing and social media drive the idea into people’s heads that it sounds so good.... yeah. Ok... They like to say a V8 wouldn’t fit. Why not? They never even tried. What they could’ve done is bring back the 4.6 281 and made it a 4 valve, cross plain crank, direct injection, all the latest technologies and it would’ve been a super high revving high horsepower engine that would’ve sounded phenomenal and had better performance. If I can get 675hp and 650 torque out of my 08 GT/CS with a whipple and some other light mods, they could’ve easily made atleast those numbers with the budget they had and more modern technology. Twin Turbo 4.6’s at the same shop I did all my work and dyno tuning, were making over 800whp on the stock engine literally trying to blow it up and see how much it could handle and gave up after it was making over 850whp. The 4.6 engine is extremely capable. Much more than anyone realizes. Ford really dropped the ball. I’d rather buy an 05-06 GT than a 17 or 18. Hell, the 05-06 design was the first ever road car to hit 300+ doing 306mph. In a standing mile!!!! Sure, heavily modified and took years of tinkering but still did it none the less and stayed on the ground unlike a lot of other cars that take off like airplanes above 250. I really am disappointed in Ford for their sac religious butchering of the legendary Ford GT. Sure, I’ll probably never have one, but as a Ford guy, to see where the Corvette is now, and where the Ford GT is, really makes my blood boil. Because this new Z06 is incredible!!! I live in a really small town and one stopped at my nearby gas station along with a McLaren 720. And later that night around midnight I heard them both coming back through town here and the echoing sound coming from the Z06 was just glorious. The 720 was too but the Z06 just had a magical cross between classic American V8 and Italian V8 sound, combined. Ford GT’s sound like the 14’ V6 Mustangs with a modified exhaust. Unacceptable.....
I've been calling these things wannabe Ferrari for a while now.  Nice to know I was right.  And that polling rate for the speedo...  YEESH.
Plaid Model S please 😉
I've never been interested in Chevrolets, but I love the C8.
Nope the best vette ever is the 1967 with a 4 speed, A CLUTCH and a 427.
Great video--but, C&D, please consider dialing down the volume on the "background" music when the driver is speaking. This video was full of interesting and useful info which only suffered from being masked by the music. You already dial the music up at moments for dramatic emphasis; just dial it back a little further in between. In fact...well, honestly, in this video the glorious wail of that engine is all the music I need.
lol! Anybody who buys a gasoline car is missing brain cells! Gasoline is dead and unless you're the nostalgic type there is no point in buying a gasoline car lmao!
Corvettes are supposed to be corvettes. Ferraris are Ferraris.
I took a customer on a test drive in a C5 Z06 and we raced a 360 moderna and won (15 years ago).  I was so mad when he did not buy the Z06!
More Fan Boy Corporate Commercial than anything else.  Not useful, not entertaining.
Well crap...nothing makes me want to shell out $170K faster than the reviewer being speechless..! Excellent work, sir.
This car does the same 1/4 mile as my purpose built C5R Monster did, when it was set up for drag 😮
I want see what the 0-60 is without any aero packages. That wing has to add drag.
Well anything can when it costs $185k
Haven’t made a vet since 1967,
A flat plane crank supercar from the factory for under $200K. What a time to be alive.
Not crazy about the sound but it's beautiful!
overpriced garbage...
That is one sexy car!
Everyone ready to pay 50k over sticker for one?
$170k!! Good luck. You’re gonna need to add another $100k on that number. How about you tell people what they’re really gonna pay, at the dealer. Shame
I think he likes it 😂
they dont offer a manual.?
its a ferrari wow
NO THANKS, wouldn't want one. The rear looks HORRIBLE, the plastic and cookie cutter aspects of the rest of the body and that disgusting wing gives it a very weak style without any allure.
I hate corvettes. I could never figure out why until someone said, “it looks a car that’s more suitable for a female.” 👍
Sorry, not for me.  I want a car I can drive everyday anywhere, anytime and not just on a track.  My choice is a Mazda Miata MX5.  These are driven to 100,00-200,00 miles regularly.  Anyone can get into a Miata and drive it and have fun, and you can use all the power without getting into trouble.
Looks like the kinda car Batman would drive
still doesn’t sound nearly as good as the 458
Knight Rider option?
They forgot to look at the back of the Ferrari when they designed the C8.... there might have been a Camaro parked nearby.  If Chevrolet kept an original design for the Corvette, it would have spoken volumes of what they can accomplish (or not), but flat out ripping off Ferrari (and their own Camaro) makes me lose interest.  Engine does sound pretty decent if it stays together.
Congratulations to the engineers and developers on an outstanding Corvette.
I get mine in February.  I've never, ever spent anything close to what I spent on this car before.  Literally saved for almost 5 years since my friend who works at GM clued me into this car being designed.    I just hope the world doesn't fall apart before I take delivery....😆
I’ve yet to see a single reviewer say anything bad about the Corvette Z06 especially the one with the Z07 package.
❤💪🤘🏼
It's like they try to make each generation more ugly than the last...
Ford & Dodge will have to collab to beat the z06
This dude is back! nice!
32 in front- 30 in the back on anything that has 4 wheels- period
Yes, they are amazing.  But here's the fact.  Likely no one commenting here will be able to buy one, even a base model.  Unless you hunt and hunt to find one and must pay 20, 30K or more over list.  Again, if you can find one.  Build a base model on the website for $62k?  Sure, on the site, never in reality.  What a joke this all is.  The "pandemic", the "supply chain shortages" and the pushing of electric cars down our throats.  And we just accept this "new normal".  How about a class action lawsuit against GM for showing that you can build a car for $62k on their website, yet you can never actually get that car.  Maybe a few lawsuits will at least force them to admit that you cant get the car at the price they advertise.  What happened to our country and the world.
How is this guy a test driver when he doesn't know how to drive? Lol. He took his hands off the wheel to change positions in the middle of every corner....
That's one badass HOT WHEEL.🏎️
I remember not liking the C-7 when I first saw it, but after maybe a year and getting use to the look of it, I love it now. The C-8 has been around for about 3 years now and I still don't like it and never will. The front is OK, but the side scoop is just so ugly and WAY to big, same with the ass end of it. It sticks out like a sore thumb. The car is boring looking because it looks like all the other modern mid-engine cars. The Ferrari 458 (really the only good looking mid-engine Ferrari IMO) is a beautiful car and the Lamborghini Mira is one of my favorite cars ever, but modern mid-engine cars are boring and all look way to similar. The Z-06 is better looking than the stock C-8, but it's still not a good looking car to me.
Still hideous
Beautiful car but it looks like the Corvette has finally become overpriced. The base z06 being $110k is fair but charging an extra 60k (an extra 55%) for the z07 package is simply insane. It's obvious GM is getting us ready for a 200k ZR1 which would make it just another overpriced super car but it's built in Michigan so it's not as special.
Ugly.... Looks like they copied off of McLaren
Thank you for putting up all the performance numbers!
When Corvette out-Ferraris Ferrari.
Yo Carlos what ever happened to the LS swapped 240sx
Best Ferrari wannabe ever!
There is one thing that you can count on with American cars and trucks.  They will definitely make an uglier one that the previous one.  That is a fact.
Are you serious ?   A professsional car enthusiast  driving that steering wheel like he is driving a fiat 500 with a round steering wheel.   My grand ma would do a better job driving that car.  Give me a break C&D,  so unprofessional.
sad to know you will never be able to buy one for near sticker. i hate dealerships.
Man, silver with black wheels and a black tall wing, man oh man!
Sounds like ass. But the rich kids will love it.
Impressive but I'd rather have an old Vette.
Sounds just like naturally aspirated Ferrari 458 V8
Chevy sold out.  Looks like Batman modded his Honda NSX.
Give me a Z06 with a proper manual transmission and I'll take it. Flappy paddles do nothing for me, and really take the fun out of driving. Automatic=boring.
Top z06 is priced fairly close to a 911 gt3.....
The Z06 should be optioned with a roll cage.
It’s still a cheap plastic car
$110,000.00?  So much for the "working man's hero".
Carlos lives! Haven’t seen him since the old MT days
Me: "Can we have Jason Cammisa review a car?"  Mom: "We have Jason Cammisa reviewing a car at home"  Jason Camisa at home:
Pshhh give me an Acura NSX….  Please..  somebody?..
Stop comparing this thing to Ferrari! Not even in the same class Ferraris are all hand built and stress tested this thing goes down a manufacture product line with faulty not tested to the max parts
The car is good, but damn it sounds so boring and flat.
My Mclaren is faster
Awesome everything, now I know someone might say get with the times, but if they actually figured out how to keep a manual option with the auto rev match system going, This would be my dream.
Sure GM did what Ferrari did for less but let's not forget that the 458 was like a decade ago maybe more
Can someone teach this guy how to hold a steering wheel through a corner?
That’s one ugly car
Pretty lame driving it on a track in full auto.
There are people who don't car about the sound for example I disagree that the 458 is better than the 488 just because of sound the get up and go is night and day in my opinion it's like a difference between the feel of the labo v10 to the adventador raw feel. I guess it's whatever floats your boat.
Too bad the transmission is autotragic… the car is also missing a pedal, only two down there. Wtf
Please.....some saine, mentally stable person tell me why anyone would pay for a car that goes 300 MPH or 900 MPH when there is no where to use it? It's not legal to use a fraction of the power. It costs a fortune. NO insurance is available anyone can afford and it's targeted all the time by police and rightfully so. It guzzles gas like a airplane. You're always worried about theft or scratching it in a parking lot. If you think anyone pays that kind of money and doesn't "test" it out regularly you'd be mistaken. Yeah I know, no one agrees with me and that's okay.
When you wanna mute the presenter voice to hear the chime and tune of a American born v8 the sound of freedom, then we have the voice of a guy that gets cream in his coffee because it's to much bitterness
maybe one day. ONE day....Hum dinger
New corvettes are Ugly ...😫
I hate electric cars I don't care how eco-friendly they are God I'm getting old.
What are the towing stats?
My dream car blacked out. I will own this and I will work for it
My dream car blacked out. I will own this and I will work for it
This car is still made out of fibreglass right…my boat is made out of fibreglass 😂😂😂
I seen one the other day and had to watch a video
Super cool! I've been doing HPDE/open track days at Gtrattan for nearly a decade now. I have a Camaro SS 1LE now, and my current record is 1:26.4 on stock tires. 1.25 is entirely feasible. Looking forward to see the Z06 in very low 1:20s soon
C8 or GT40,  or Ferrari $$$
I'm not a Corvette guy.  I'm a 911 guy, but this is the first Corvette that I'm truly impressed by.  GM should be very proud of this Z06, along with the Cadillac Blackwing - the only 2 GM cars I'd consider buying.  Good luck getting one at sticker price.
That could have been such a timeless classic design with round or oval tail lights and a double cowl style dashboard rather than the interior looking like Battlestar Galactica
Yeah,  not one con is mentioned,  all pros, how much is Chevy paying this guy!? When a test driver has only good comments about a car, I don't believe him........
I didn't know Ben Affleck worked for C/D. Looking forward to see what this car will do at VIR.
I’m impressed! And I really like it.
Witcher 3, the sports car version. 10/10.
Downshifts worth the price of entry
For a long time Corvette was nipping at the heels of the Italian supercars, at least in the GT category.  But now they've straight up built one that competes directly with them.  And for less money, although I am a bit bummed that it broke into the six figures.  I was hoping for a $90k-ish price tag.  But that's probably unrealistic with the performance it delivers.  It's still a bargain compared to anything that remotely competes with it.    I owned a C5 and enjoyed it.  I never really cared for the C6, it just didn't move the brand forward enough IMO.  The C7 was interesting but I still managed to resist.  The C8 Z06 has me thinking hard about buying another Vette.  They knocked it out of the park.  This is the car I knew they could build and I've been waiting for it my whole life.
670hp? Pff the Plaid has what? 1,200?
how much ???????????
Millenials bat mobile
It sounds like a bloody Ferrari too! Unbelievable.. This is a track weapon, no question about it. The other flavours of C8 are for the street. Well done Chevy!
The only way it could go faster is if you put it on a trailer pulled by a Rivian
how much out the door with the dealer adjustments. Are they even available? I know they started shipping cars recently.
Sweet, now boost it😃
Never knew the z06 would look so good in black
Let’s give a round of applause for the gm engineers! Come on! And for the guy reviewing the car. Explaining how the gm team copied everything from a car that they don’t manufacture but every one is applauding a great copy job! Come on Americans!
So they stole the design from a Ferrari 458?
I'll take two.  One to drive and one to mothball.
Is it really even a Corvette anymore?
Love the way AMERICAN MAGAZINES BRAG about their american cars.. makes me laugh How can this be the best vette ever?   Did the tripower 427 have exploding valvetrain?  NO!,  did the 427 TRIPOWER TRANNY FALL APART while driving?  NO!  DOES the 427 TRIPOWER look like a HOT WHEELS car designged be a 5 year old.  Does the new VETTE have exploding WHEELS because they are not FORGED?  YES!   and this is the best vette ever!  When Americans try to copy EUROPEANS they always fall flat on their face....they simply dont have  the racing pedigree and the engineering prowess that EUROPEANS have...they never will either..AMERICANS stop trying to be something that you are NOT!
Auto trader
There's just something about a guy casually conversion about the car like it's Coffee Talk -  as he screeches tires around turns at something close to the limits of the vehicle.  LOL
my 10 year old Maserati GT revs out at 8600 rpm’s, with a stock Ferrari, naturally aspirated V8.
Too bad it doesn't come in a manual. I'm sure it's an amazing car, but unless they put 3 pedals in it, I'll never own one.
I used to love corvettes as a kid, but as time went on I realized I will never be able to afford one unless I win the powerball which will never happen. Lol
God I hope they go back to front engine rear drive.
missing a third petal no thanks..........
I tend to believe you when I see the driver seat flexing as you corner at speed. Ha
The 8-speed shift programming is music to the ears. Drive it hard, and it makes it SOUND like YOU know how to blip downshift like you were using a clutch to do it. This thing looks like it sticks through a turn so hard your eyes will pop out and stick to the side windows. Bravo GM, THIS is the car.
Nope GM plans to go all electric by 2035.  They finally get this right and the Cadillac V cars and then they get rid of them.  Nice.  Kind of the history of GM, if it works, get rid of it and re-engineer it.
Why are all the publications being supplied with the convertible
Finally,Chevy has come out with a decent vette!
There is no torque
Its hard to believe its this ugly.
Automatic…. 🤦‍♂️
When I was young, I thought all this super car stuff was cool. But these on the street are like bodybuilders turning up at a triathlon. They are in the wrong place. AWD wagon is what I'm after 🤣
I'm sure the performance is through the roof but that's a goofy looking car. But if you drive a Corvette newer than 1978 then I assume you wear khaki shorts with bright white New Balances and a holster for your phone anyway so fill your boots I guess
It would be cool if they did what Porsche did with the gt3 and make an “r” version which has less tech but engages the driver more. 6 speed, no magnetic shock adjustment, just good classic suspension, smaller aero package etc. regardless, awesome car for such a bargain, congrats gm.
Spotted a GR corolla in there...
Any reason why it's so heavy?
GM has now made a Vette that costs close to Porsche Turbo, Lambo Huracan, and Mclaren prices.  Out of touch for what Corvette was intended to be.  The every guy's sports car.  Easily attainable.  Most of the speed of the higher priced cars, but for less than half the price. Of course GM can build a super car.  Just like Ford.  But, not enough regular vettes to meet demand and pricing near $100k now for base Vette with a Z06 price of $130k with few options puts the Vette in unattainable category along with a Huracan and 911 turbo.
Worst move by chevy ever.
No torque mentioned. So off the line it’s getting dusted.
Ugliest vette ever
Car and Driver is a joke lol
$40k markups.  Very few being made.  Odds of seeing one let alone getting one is next to impossible unless you pay the markup and have the car transported to your dealer/house.
This feels like an advertisement, and not a review
I think I'd prefer a C7
Fun toys but not practical with our potholes and crappy roads.
I have an 08 ZO6.  5000 miles on it now.  I drive it once or twice a year.  Its 505 horsepower.  It will scare the crap out of you.  I cant imagine driving this one with over 650 hp.  Good God.........
Garbage American car
I hate to be the one to tell you but your comments sound like you're reading from a script. Try being yourself.
So much money to get absolutely destroyed by a Dodge Neon
Buy a motorcycle you'll get more for your money!
It’s BAD ASS!!!! The Z06 sound’s like a FIGHTER JET!!!!!😎👍🏁
I want one.
After half way thru this vid, you get zero technical insight, just filler talk. Overall, very boring review with most of it being about the car being fast.
No wonder GM don’t pay crap to their techs for warranty work.  They are wasting too much money on this car.
Unfortunately this will be destroyed by any car in its class because its so heavy. Every car in its class is around 3250 pounds...this is over 3700...ridiculous
You really have to be a Corvette enthusiast to buy that. It’s a beautiful car , but for the money I’d buy something a little more Italian.
Its 500 pounds too heavy, what a disappointment
Modern Corvettes are crap. Not because they are bad cars but because they lost focus of why they exist. The Corvette was supposed to be the sports car for average Joes. It was the car for those who couldn't afford a Ferrari or Lamborghini.   Now the Corvette is just a toy for the super rich just like all the other hypercars nobody can afford.
You will own nothing and be happy.  Says the jews
A guy "feeding" the steering wheel in a sports car on a race track.
🙄 meh
Is that Grattan?    I guess I should watch the video. *Edit- GRATTAN!  This makes me happy, never drove anything with 4 wheels there. All bikes.
Sounds nothing like a corvette
Pretty awesome but not a fan of the Honda exhaust note, wheres that V8 growl??
My dream car man…. I love it so much. Hope to get it after my Mustang GT Cali special…
Made out of unobtanium.
Kinda want to buy two, put one away and enjoy the other - this will sadly, probably be the end of an era.  I drove a friend's 2022 base model convertible recently and it melted my face. Ungodly fast, yet docile enough to let your mom drive it. Incredible!
Full disclosure: I was never a Corvette guy. When we had car shows in our town, the corvettes always had their own corner and their owners paraded around in tennis or polo attire like they were the stuff, but they spent most of their lives dusting their cars and having dead batteries replaced. I can’t compare the new Corvette to anything except those cheap little rc cars at Walmart. It looks like the back end and the front end were designed separately and then shoved together and there wasn’t enough room in the middle, so they just made it work.
Sadly one of the reasons the camaro is being stopped. They probably want that team and respurces to go to the corvette.
I want to like the new Corvette but the styling somehow looks more like a transformer than it should.  Too many creases and bulbus styling make it look more like a toy than a car.  Performance wise it is a very fast car.  Price wise it's fairly affordable.  Not a bad car but the styling is a little too much.
Man you need a new camera mount in-car. Bouncing around giving me motion sick.
I'm not a GM guy but in all fairness this doesn't even look like a Vette anymore. It shares more lines with an Italian car.
Awesome car, but it needs another pedal and a stick shift. 🙂
Needs a manual otherwise I prefer the 991.2 GT3
Proof that viper was the best American car, and always will be *plus this thing looks like a trike lol. Wait… 3 wheel corvette soon?
Wrap her up, I’ll take it.
i was thinking bout getting one then i remembered i cant even afford half of one
Yep amazing... BUT you will have WAY MORE FUN hammering out your inline six  Boxster or Mazda Miata!....
Please repost WITHOUT the MUSIC.  The sound of the Corvette is plenty wonderful, we don't need any other music.  Thanks for the references to Ferrari, I own three that are all daily drivers
The days are numbered for gas engines, enjoy the sound while it’s still here. Ferrari also thinks it’s a great idea to start using V-6s in their 296. Sorry if I’m a downer. I don’t care how dang fast electric is, without the sound it’s just a r/c car you can ride in!
The corvette looks like a feminine car
Copying the Ferrari 458 is the sincerest for of flattery. Would the new Corvette be what it is without Ferrari? I miss the thunder rumble growl of the old V-8. But still hats off to Corvette. I was shocked to see he wasn’t even using the paddle shifters!
Insame a street legal car has 670 hp! The factory Corvette Le Man's race car doesn't even have that much! lol
lmfao $100k+ for a sports car is laughable. I'll stick with my $10k car that I build up myself that can wipe the floor with this thing for WAY less money.
Not even a corvette, worst one they ever made. no thanks.
Surprised car and Driver didn't put this video behind a pay wall.
Great car of course, the new model isn’t my style but with performance like this I’m sure it’s here to stay.
Whoever okayed the paddle shifters to be mounted to the steering wheel should be fired!
kendric sick fake he shoulder had a pussycat between his legs
Corvette owner for 20+ years here... the c8 is still a knockoff Ferrari.
It ain’t got nothing on a hellcat
Best Vette ever, and you will never be able to buy one unless you want to pay 50% above MSRP in 1-2 years for a used one. Or, wait 3-4 years to get a new one if the supply chain stars align.
Man I’m loving the traditional quad muffler look on the z06..pure power
They ruined this car
I still can’t believe that Chevrolet of all companies built this thing. I genuinely thought they would simply take a 7.0 version of the LT, drop it in, put on wider rubber and call it a day.  To take the last “great” NA Ferrari as a benchmark, and almost as a love letter to the internal combustion engine build a car completely outside of the box (not just for GM but the VAST majority of mainstream manufacturers) is truly something special.
My Grandpa LOVES his!
Ok I’m a believer. When the C8 debuted I wasn’t a fan. I know the stingray is really just an appetizer meant to get everyone ready for the Z06 but it just wasn’t good enough. The Z06 is the purest expression of this platform. What a car. And I can’t wait to see what they have in the works for the ZR1. What an exciting time to be alive!
Fix the grille on these cars to actually prevent radiator damage.
Absolutely love the fact they’re so high revving. The cool sound that creates was the last thing the American car couldn’t produce to compete w the European super cars. That car with a custom exhaust would be outrageous
So glad that goofy bearded fat hipster isn't in this video
Sorry sounds really stupid ugliest sounds for a vette I'm very disappointed the c7 Zr1 or Zo6  sounds insane
How do people who's sole job in life is to report on, learn, and drive cars...think that the door placard is anything more than what legal teams between auto and tire manufacturers agree on?!?! Like I just can't understand it... is this the first time everyone there that day for testing had ever been driving spiritedly?!? No car has a 35psi cold setting for track work. 35psi hot is even too high for almost every car/tire combo. Most cars/tires are in the high 20s psi and 180*F for maximum friction. Of course you should be using a tire pyrometer to check temperatures across the tire carcass, and adjusting alignment and tire psi to achieve the proper temperature spread and heat range.   Poor tires likely never got up to operating temp
...how is possibile to test such a gorgeous car, on track, with the gear on automatic without to use the paddles and keeping the wheel in a way so wrong? 😑 Anyway this Vette is fantastic
Many Bothans err.. cameras died in the first 10 seconds of this video to bring us this information…
How long has Carlos been here? Am I late?
Too bad the transmission gear ratios absolutely suck. Just listen to how boggy 4th gear sounds @8:50
Dream car for all of us performance nuts! I wish I could afford one!
that exhaust note is something i never expected from 2022 era performance cars. Good job chevy. Sounds like a 458 ,in a good way.
That seat is deflecting so much. They should sure it up a bit.
It's unobtainable for most of us.  120k for a base Z06?  Dude they are selling base model C8's for 150k.  You've lost your mind.
All so somebody's grandfather can go out and buy one so he can idle around the town with his turn signal on going 10 under.
I'd like to see what one of these does without all of our emission restrictive crap on it. A 'European" version. I'm a sick puppy...
Would be nice if they weren't 20k+ over MSRP.
C8 zo6 at the nurb. Bring the camaro zl1 for comparison times.
Corvettes have always been a good bang for the buck but still don’t think it compares with Porsche. At 170k for the top performing model it is no longer a bargain. The 911 turbo S has been clocked at 2.1 sec to 60. On the plus side the corvette sounds great. The styling is awful though. They may have tried to emulate a 458 but there is no comparing the elegant Ferrari with this car. Clearly a matter of taste but nothing sounds better than a Ferrari with its higher pitched whine like a formula 1 car.
Lol. And people thought the type r was to aggressive.
The consul in the middle is the only thing that should change. It sounds perfect.
American masterpiece
I’d say this car doesn’t exist because it’s nearly impossible to get for almost anyone that isn’t an influencer or filthy rich. Corvette is all about the blue collar, which currently this one is not.
Looks like a cheap European knock off… 😂
$150,000 mark up? Yes Please!
best C8 Z06 review to date, thanks Carlos. Finally the real car journalists step up, the influencer content on this car gives me cancer.
Zed
The new Corvettes are amazing (and this coming from a guy who wasn't a fan of the lumpy stingray). You can easily argue that you're getting a supercar for a fraction of the cost.
Shouldn’t even call these c8s “corvettes” anymore they are far from what a corvette is
I like the sound of the S Plaid. All you can hear is the C8 getting it's ass kicked.
Is that automatic?
I'm going to cry when they turn the Corvette into an EV. I need the sounds.
It's strange the transmission shifts still seem so slow. How is this a DCT?
I usually don’t like corvettes, but this looks amazing
These guys literally say the same thing about every car they drive in these videos. lol
The best corvette’s are the ones with a manual transmission
People who buy these are weird
What materials were used in the interior?
I would like to see a performance comparison between the top trim c8 vs a lightly used 720s or even going even cheaper, a mp4 12c then put that car on good tires and let them rip. You can find the 720s for around 170k and the mp4 12c for around a100k if you know where to look
You know you have an amazing car when it has recommendations for tire pressure based on what track you're on!  That's something more owner's manuals need!
Talks about how how much of a track car it is, …..drives in auto
This is not a Corvette, they don’t make Corvettes anymore. This car is just some tacky looking new model with derivative world styling. It’s an embarrassment for so obviously wanting to be a McLaren or something. Definitely not a Corvette.
Looks like a Ferrari, sounds like a Ferrari. Chevy, a bit late to the party.
I wonder what the bs ADM will be on this car.
It’s not a vette.
Sexy af, well done GM
People need to stop saying "Best ____ ever".   'Ever' means both before now and after now, eternally.
this is exactly how the progression of the corvette needed to go. be if pushrods or overhead cames as always sounds incredible.
Mad that he isn’t using the paddles
Are you seriously adding imitation tire squealing audio tracks to this video?  It's annoying.
I said this before and I’ll say it again.  It literally doesn’t look any different then the regular C8  I know it has more power and it’s louder and higher reviving engine  But if your not a really really good driver and are gonna take it to the track and use it the way it’s supposed to be used then what’s the sense of having this or the base C8🤷🏼‍♂️  Anyways That’s not even the problem for me, the problem for me is that they want 200K over MSRP dealerships are asking a 100K over the sticker price. 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️ the cheapest I found was 50K over sticker.   What I’m saying is if you can find a new C8 for 85-90 that would be the better deal.
Great video! Brilliantly shot, presented and edited. What a car.
My god that thing is UGLY. Yall pay good money to look, like that? If I never had to look at the outside of it, I'd bet it's a fun little package to drive, BUT MY GOD  🤢 🤮
It would be the best vete ever if they add 2 more seats on the back also 4 wheel drive. When that comes I ll get one.
Tire sequel every turn ,what grip??? Where
I've seen the testing cars everyday for the last 3 years when I'm omw home from work. They sound so good & look so menacing
OOOOHHHHH I want one!!!!
Looks like batman's car, awesome
Great review. It's good to see Carlos again. I think the last video I saw him in, was the dodge challenger, and him getting apple pie.
Congratulations to the Corvette team for openly admitting they stole the design from Ferrari.  It's like the Harbor Freight Chinese version of a supercar.  Yay, America.
Does it have a Manual Stick shift yet or Wussy Auto Trans Paddle Shift
Like the ones up to 74 and the last front engine better.  It doesn't flow - so close
Was it really bothering anyone else how he uses the steering wheel???
Carlos is the man!! Enjoy his car reviews
most powerful NA v8 ?  Guess the ultima GTR720 doesnt count?
What track is this?
This or a 2022 m240?
So the automatic downshifts like a manual?
More like most Lambo looking corvette yet. Take off the badges and most people wouldn’t be able to tell the difference. People applaud the design but ever since chevy decided to attempt to make the Corvette compete with italian supercars they just made them the same. Its like when apple brags about “new features” that Samsung has had in their phones for years.
Yeah, like anybody knows what ''aspirated'' means....lol
Hopefully future generations have better stylists because that is not a good looking car. It's generic looking and not in a good way
You can see the Vette designers take some of their inspiration from Lamborghini.
Imagine if it was a twin turbo
Beautiful car but really is it worth close to 110-170 thousand? Corvettes hold their value pretty good but you really have to think about the purchase….
Sounds so similar to a 458 italia 😮😳
ugly car.
Was on my delivery route in North Carolina and I saw one buzz past me. I've been privileged to see a few of them up there 😂😂
The latest version  of the Vette looks like someone went crazy at autozone and attached every cheesy plastic add on the store had. Only thing this is missing are dice hanging from the mirror & paired with a scented tree.  It looks horrific, almost like the body doesnt quite fit the frame as the front end of the vette is by far the worst design. especially around the front wheel wells. Not to mention, it now looks like one of half a dozen cars on the market. You bought a engine with a ton of stupid plastic for 6 figures. Wasted $$$
I am the biggest Ferrari fan but also love American muscle.   To see Chevy copy Italian engineering is new for me.
There a lot of positives, but I prefer the sound of the LT2.  I know this car is an awesome piece of engineering, and everything is way better than the base vette.
Yeah, do a review of it in AUTO.  sad
To make the best Vette ever - build a Ferrari😁
Are they going make a zr1
Looks like it's trying to be a Ferrari, rip corvette design
Yew not Jason Cammisa.
To put it into comparison against the 911 Turbo S, you see that the Vette is only half a second behind the 911 whose quarter mile time is 10.2 seconds. And that is very very fast!
Since 1986 being naturally aspirated hasn’t been as good as a forced induction system. The stock 3.8 v6 with a turbo in a Buick Regal was faster than the v8 corvette. Na was acceptable and desired in the mclaren F1, other than that more air more fuel more power. The immediate torque is nice, but an ev is far better than any ice in that regard. Awesome car for the price though, no doubt.
Thanks for the video , great car that’s long overdue …. I wish the video cam was more on the car than the driver though .
If they have a trailer hitch option so I can haul groceries I'll buy one.
Not liking this design. No longer looks like a Corvette.
Should wait for the ZR1 dumb ass.
Today's vettes don't even look like corvettes anymore, so sad.
Can't wait to drive this....in Assetto Corsa
Hard to believe? Really?? With all the dealer markups, it basically costs the same amount as the 458 Italia it's trying to copy (250K).. More than a decade after the fact, with a GM badge.... Not that impressive.   Hell, even basic C8's still command SIX figures, on the USED market!!. Automotive journalists... Living in La-La land?
I miss when the Corvette wasn't a supercar.
I'll take it!
Wished I had $200k laying in my pocket. :(  Yes, I know they start at around $110k but you know... Dealer markups and packages.
good lord that sound.. Now that's how a sports car sounds
This might be the last NA V8, get it while we can before almost everything goes hybrid or EV
Release the lightening lap times already
105k wish i could afford it. Though for 105k you could do a lot worse.
I want to see it go toe to toe with the top Supercars.
Revs as high as a rotary WOW
Correction *behind not -buhind-
Chevy learns everything a decade late and still sucks. Our tax dollars bought them out 3 times! Thanks Chevy from living of Ford!!
The guy is driving it on automatic … wtf
Put a twin turbo in it…🤔
Can this guy stop saying stupid shit? Trying to listen to the engine and he keeps saying the most obvious stupid things just to hear himself talk
What a beast that thing is and that exhaust note?? Flat plain cranks rock.
I've never been so bored looking and hearing a supercar. This thing looks like a '90s concept car. It just doesn't push any of the right buttons. Yeah it's fast, but it has zero emotion, it's just ugly.
When is someone finally going to put the new Z06 against the new GT4RS. We know the GT4RS did Nürburgring in 7:04 but no time for the Vette. Lets finally get these two beautiful thoroughbreds together.
i believe it
Did this guy drive the whole first part of the video is automatic? He did touch the paddles ones and the display just had a D.. not the gears
Imagine how insane the zr1 will be
Don't you wish your right hand and left foot was involved?
why is he driving it in automatic?
love it!
It's hard to believe it exists because it has no practical value.
Another car for an old man with dementia to buy.  Get off my driveway!
Great videos as usual. One thing i see on so many videos and even people just talking day to day is the incorrect way of saying the horsepower and torque numbers. There is no such thing as six hundred AND 70 horsepower.  It's six hundred seventy horsepower.  The use of the word "and" is incorrect.  You would understand seeing this mistake in videos made from us regular Joe's. You don't expect to see it in videos produced by things such as  Car and Driver, Motortrend and Motorweek.
Awesome. Can't wait to smoke one in my 6k# 1200hp awd escalade. Boy is the owner gonna be pissed he paid 100k over msrp.
Just wish it wasn't GM.
Full disclosure: Within reason, l appreciate fast cars, sexy looking cars as much as the next guy, but while clearly a great toy for the track, other than that, what else it good for other than impressing people? lf we're honest, very few of us have the ability to utilize even one tenth of the performance attributes of these things, even on the track. Off the the track, their abilities will never be legally utilized and will make them the target of every cop on traffic duty.
You should have a helmet on
No desire to shift manually while on a race track with the most powerful naturally aspirated V8 under the hood…   Why would anyone even listen to you?
I want to see a true comparison of this verses the Ford GT. Who do you think will take the trophy?
Jason cammisa
Will there be  ZR1?
Sounds like a Ferrari too
Looks awesome.  I’m sure I’ll see one being driven around 45 mph by a balding middle aged white guy wearing a leather jacket on a Sunday afternoon fairly soon.
Nice car but if you were on the German autobann, you would get passed up by plenty of different cars.
Another bloated over-produced and polished turd of a video. Not much more info than a google 1st page search
I've never really liked Corvettes until the C8 and I'd actually buy the Z06.   The only issue is the ridiculous markup and wait times - please please please ramp  up production to meet demand so dealers will sell me one for MSRP and not 2 to 3 years out.   Love this car and so proud of the Chevrolet engineers.
Sucks that you cant actually drive it 😢 You can only sit in it and steer
My job is a Vehicle Transporter, as someone who has driven a Tuned version of  the 2023 ZO6 with an aftermarket Fuel Pump/Exhaust making 890WHP on a dyno, It is One of the craziest cars I've ever driven.
I still think it looks like a watered down Mclaren, I like the front engine one better
I’d still rather have a Shelby gt350. But congrats to corvette honestly it’s the better car obviously but I just like the Shelby
I notice that you don't shift at all.  Sure it is fast, but no fun, if you just let the car shift itself.
one of the worst, latest reviews to youtube about the z06.   sorry, no offense.  objectively speaking this review sucks.
Best Chevrolet ever, almost certainly. Best American mainstream sports car of all time, quite likely. But I'm never acknowledging it as a Corvette. :)
When you realize a 458 is cheaper than a specced up z06 🤣
Thanks Carlos. Still not sold on the C8. If you're after performance, this certainly gets you there. But there's something incomplete about the design--hurried maybe. The origami styling just doesn't measure up to Ferrari or Mclaren. Even the new NSX shows how it should be done. I won't even go into the interior chaos. I love Corvettes and owned a C7 -- so capable and such a bargain. The C8? Maybe I'll wait for the next design refresh.
How can a car with such flimsy body panels be called great?
Doing  0 - 60 in well under 3 seconds and it's not even some kind of EV but a good modern n/a V8.
I am completely blown away that it will drive like that in automatic mode.
Too much dude not enough car
Came here jus to say, That car has way too many expression/contour lines to be great performance numbers be damned.
Overheats in hot or warmer weather and breaks fail.. ;<
This format of a guy talking while driving (copying the lamest format of social media content: the vlog) isn't my cup of tea but I wanted to hear about the Z06. This guy can't talk and drive at the same time so it's slow, labored talking and after 5 minutes, he had not said a single fact or spec - just that it's like a regular vette but faster???? Brilliant! Seriously.... I thought Z06 was the trailer towing package smh.
Just keeps getting better! Love a Vette!
Are those rims, something kids will draw for fun, or they are not that cool?
What kept GM from making the Corvette a world competitor?
Let's put the engine in our trucks GMC and Chevrolet
GM must be paying that good ad money. lol
Ohhh man...seeing this makes me want to see Jay Leno again. He's going to be out of commission for a while, but we're all wishing the best and fastest recovery. LOVE YOU JAY!! ❤️🙏👍
How the heck would they even make a ZR1 any better?
I want one.
That is an ugly ass car made for ugly ass people.
I wouldn't have one, if they gave it to me. I'm not interested. This junk looks like a Ferrari, sounds like a Ferrari. The corvette used to be a very special car, but now is nothing more than a clone.
Looks like the rucking Batmobile from a 1960's comic book. Maaan, these dudes have zero imagination. Watch the clock, the dude never gets over 125 and mostly in the 60's......with sound FX attached.
Grattan is such a classic American track. Not the prettiest, but, fun and challenging layout.
American built Ferrari...in looks & sound.
Older body style looks way better
Super car wannabe
They look crappy
why do they gotta make it look like a batmobile?
$170,000? Seriously? WTF? What happened to the Corvette being affordable?
yeaaaaa u can hold that ev
Deadpool drove a vette!!
Congratulations to the  engineers Team!  The C8 Z06 still missing an essential element, a Third Pedal....    Please share your opinions!!!!!
Only bad thing I HATE about the interior is the 18 buttons in the middle console I hate that look so much
C&D, what is the full tilt Z06 VIR lap time?
Make a manual gearbox and I’m sold
Make a manual gearbox and I’m sold
Why is this guy shuttling the steering wheel from one hand to the other? Can't C&D find a real test driver?
I was gratten once and broke a ankle in a wera road racing race I got abused to put it lightly it is a daunting track if you are new to it
only 175k...after slight markup...lol
I’m waiting on a auction for a wrecked one I can dream
This must be why grattan won’t ever get repaved, car and driver will still do a huge video like this with all the patches
It sounds amazing!
Not a vette anymore..
I'm calling it. Z06 is car of the year
I can feel that straightaway just watching this.
I read somewhere that 25% of the C7 Corvettes were sold with a 6-sp manual. I imagine an even higher percentage of C8’s would take the manual. I know I would!
This is unbelievable what G.M is doing right now there flat out on fire 🔥
This thang fast!
I'm assuming this is sold for well over $100K?
And it’s an auto yuck man who builds a car like that I an auto and a gas engine? This isn’t beating any new sports car have you seen what the electric cars are doing ? This is a dinosaur before it was even released.  Corvettes are trash and always have been.
I love it, but Jese that muffled exhaust, that car wants to roar.    Reply
Probably will never happen (because gm/Chevy are incredibly slow) but I'd love to see this vehicle with forced induction and an electric motor between the gas engine and the transmission. This will turn this car into a 170k monster.
That car looks killer in black!!
Well done Chevrolet. Next-level.
Have you tested a similar price tesla?
too automated? its cool and all, but it seems to easy to drive fast. I'll keep my analog one thats a pain in the butt, and cost less than z06 tires. I wouldn't complain if I won one though.
Can't wait for this gens ZR1
670 Horses. This is not good enough. Its competition has at least another 80 horses as it is a mid-engine car and is now running with the big boys in Ferrari, Lambo, McLaren and the like. A V-8? The others all have tens or twelves. They all look better and most of the other ones have a racing pedigree which this Corvette doesn't. Lambo doesn't but they started arguably the biggest rivalry with Ferrari when Enzo pissed Ferruccio off.  The Front-engine Corvette has a racing History and the C-8 isn't old enough to say anything about it.
The problem is it looks like a chinese sportscar
Man I missed Carlos!
Awesome car until it breaks before 60k. And the rear end looks like ass (no pun intended lol)
I’m always amused when there is a driver reacting to a quick car that’s super easy to drive, and he is making faces and experiencing G forces, but it looks ridiculous because he looks from his steering inputs like he’s going to go pick up a gallon of milk and some eggs. the reviews of the original GTR Nismo 10 years ago were like that too. Must be an amazing drive.
So this Z06 vs the Porsche gt3 rs
It's ugly if you ask me. I know that's an individual thing but...
I genuinely hope all the best for Chevrolet with the mid engine Corvette, the first Corvette in decades I would want to own. I’m so impressed by their courage to build the car they wanted and take their chances with the notoriously conservative Corvette buyers.
ZO7 10.50  Plaid 9.26
The Z06 really does show how European car manufacturers vastly inflate their prices just because of a nameplate.
It looks terrible... I was a Vette fan BEFORE this series came out .. And like the last season of game of thrones .. Im going to pretend it doesn't exist.
after 70 of copying Ferrari they finally got it right!
downshifting but not moving hands??
Had they listened to Zora decades ago this car would have already existed.
The exhaust note still leaves me underwhelmed.  I think it's possible that GM goes to a 2-plane crank on the ZR1.  The presenter was just cruising the track during his commentary.  The last lap at the end of the video was aggressive, though.
Now Ferrari will be buying Corvette's to see how to beat it lol🇺🇸
Nice chevrolet but for the price of THE AUDI R8 NOT BUENO
I dont even come close to fitting in these..  I fit in a 911.. corvette, zero chance, sat in new C8.. z06 is same size. Im 6'5" tall..
WATCH VIDEO 1000HP WANKEL.
I love and own a corvette but they are always a poor man’s furrari
I love the all black.  It could be the Batmobile.
Why does the "best vette ever" also have to be the ugliest vette ever? Lol. Seriously,  if you think the C8 is a good looking car you're NOT A CAR GUY.
It’s so sad there’s a video about a Corvette that begins with a rumor about how Chevy reverse engineered two Ferraris to make it!  We left Europe centuries ago to get away from them but this guy wants our cars to be European!  Let’s start a Go Fund Me page for this guy to get a one way ticket to Europe for him!
C8 zo6 ≠ Corvette
Time for location based speed limiters especially on these dangerously fast vehicles.
If I ever come into money I definitely would get this baby. Ever since they started changing the body style way back I have wanted one.
Yes the Corvette's awesome fast sounds good it's in a class of its own. Doesn't anybody ever mention or tell GM about the gaudy ass grills in the front?!?!? Like on the Camaro?!?!? The big tall gaudy front end grill openings that's hideous!!!!! That looks like someone took a sawzall and just cut the front end open and added some louvers...
not interesed in viewng the test driver talking,  who produced this the guy's MOM ?    3 Interior Camera's  showing the Guages  the Road ahead & behind.    This guy's laughing descriptions are LAME.   Find someone eLse.   NOT GOOD
Great, great, engineering but sorry..ugly. And I can’t tell the difference between a Ferrari, Corvette, McLaren, etc, etc, anymore. They all look the damn same.
Vettes come a long way, now if I could just have a race track to play with it, because otherwise there's an army of cops just waiting to pull that thing over.
It’s Hard to Believe the 2023
This vette sounds wicked..
At the end of the day it’s still just a corvette.
What a fine automobile. One day....
If it doesn’t blow, it sucks. Natural aspiration is trash. My 2.0 mitsu puts out more power.
Corvette topped the game
Somehow the sound reminds me the Ferrari 355.
Funny they had to copy Ferrari, lol
The only dream cars left are the Corvettes and Porches. Not Ferrari, not Lambo, definitely not Bugatti or Aston.  Corvettes and Porches are the only cars the seem fully purposeful even in excess.
I am listening to the squealing of the tires and looking at the speedo at the same time. I am sorry, 40mph and the tires squeal? What are those, Pilot Sports or minivan Defender All-Seasons?  A little embellishment of sound effects to make the video "pop" I presume? Geez.
Driving on a track and leaving it in auto is genuinely sad.
A new GT500 is 760 horsepower and heavier and this trash can is 670 horsepower 💀💀💀 Get ready to lose to Ford again Chubby 😂🤣
Looks like the pinto of Ferrari.
Here we go again, Chevy building slow junks again...
The new Corvette looks awesome. Those are words I have NEVER said in 50 years of my life.
Isn’t it like 185k though 😂 imagine the mark ups. A freaking Civic is going for 70k right now.
Sounds terrible.
Did I get this right?  The engine in both models is a Ferrari?  GM just had to go to foreigners to be able to construct an engine that could perform that it could not produce. Doesn't that kinda piss the Corvette purists?  I often wondered why these models lack the typical Chevrolet V8 growl and bark.
this is one of the ugliest vettes I have ever seen, looks some Tuner kid designed it. pass
Does the C8 Z06 put Corvette into the super car category?
The seat certainly seams to be fairly flexible and not supportive. Why no comment on that?
This is the the swan song of the internal combustion engine, (as offered by the engineer / composers at Chevrolet). Just listen to that song though. Listen to the song that they have been able to bring out of this work of art.
Imagine how the ZR1 will be
There goes my heart
This is what I will be doing....forever.Jesus cares.😄
It's an amazing car no doubt....but it is NOT a Corvette.
'MURICA !! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
It’s only 1.2 seconds behind the less expensive Tesla Plaid in the 1/4. Impressive.
Can afford it but still cant get it……thats a shame
Arrrg, hold the steering wheel properly
Great performance also requires great looks.  The Corvette is the opposite of the LFA…all go, no show.  Pininfarina could easily help the vette reach Ferrari and Lamborghini status.
Nice car, kinda dull review. No sideways slides, accidental spin outs, smoking the tires…maybe I secretly wish Clarkson still reviewed cars like this.
It’s 3700 pounds. Instant nonstarter.
4:14 - speedometer should refresh 60 or 120Hz (not 3 Hz) in high performance sports cars
What's with the orange seatbelts???
Cool to see what a huge powerful company can come up with when it wants too.
Horrible hand positioning while driving on a race track lol
Mans hauling ass on a racetrack but from the inside it just looks like a trip to the grocery store.
this is quite literally the most scatterbrain design i've ever seen. merica sucks at design
Given how awesome the Z06 is...is it safe to assume there won't be a ZR1?
Superb !!!! The standard C8 is out of reach for this nurse but have always loved the Corvette.
Shame about the heavy-handed styling and ugly rear end. I want to love this car, but I merely respect it.
I was a decade long subscriber to C&D. Always a pleasure to come back
In real world terms, how's the Z06 compare to the Plaid with regard to lap times and 1/4 mile?
What I love about this car is they knew what they wanted it to feel like. It's a street legal eudurocar. You feel like you can go to Le Mans stock.
Life long Corvette fan. There is no question the C8 is the best engineered Corvette ever but the styling (inside and out) just leaves me cold. JMHO and YMMV.
And such a clever way to get people to stand in line. Tell the whole world its cheaper than a Ferrari, put numbers up against a 10 year old 458, keep production super low and let then dealership take the responsibility of charging insane markups.
What's the name of this race track??
I'm surprised he's not wearing a helmet.  What about the leg room ?!?  For someone who is 6'7", leg room is imperative.
Corvette is absolutely great, but you don' t have a slightest idea how to drive a supercar. Sorry pal!!
What kind of ghetto track are you on!? Smh
C8 - ZO6 is the most amazing Corvette YET........ 👍👍
This should be in a new Batman movie
If I were to get a penny for Everytime someone reviewed the z06 and preferred to Ferrari, I'll have a dollar
He’s driving it in automatic mode wtf
Back in black
Probably the best engine ever put into a production car.
Incredible still to date, no car like the Datsun 510
Ya i know right? Like why does it exist why do we cram are cities with loud ass cars that ruin general quality of life
Spectacular, well done vette team..
I like that car but it's just way too much tire squeal I hear.
I am getting a C8 in Black/Black or Black/Red.
It looks like an outdated Lamborghini.  I’ll keep my C6 Z06.
I stopped listening when I realized he wasn’t shifting with the paddles 😩
It's only gonna get worse ZR1.
Funny how Chevy pretty much copied the Ferrari 458-488 engine and layout, you can thank the Italians.  :)  I do miss the V8 Roar and what I remember about all things Corvette.
SI-units please! 🤓
That is hideous 😁
So Chevy copies and delivers a 458 Italia ten years later? Congrats.
Only if you can buy one msrp lol
This looks like it's the new 720s but half the price and it actually sounds really good.  I'm impressed!
Just imagine the ZR 1.
Can't wait to see this engine swapped into an early Camaro because this car is already starting to look dated.
At the end of the day, you still have to deal with GM when stuff goes wrong- and THAT isn’t something I’d wish on anybody.
So jealous. I had a 2008 z06. Loved an miss that car.
Sounds Sweet!
The engine sounds so much more like a Ferrari V8, Lamborghini V8, Porsche V6 turbo, McLaren, and Formula 1.
Last of the V8s folks. Get one before it's electric.
I kept wondering why you weren’t shifting yourself; I’m blown away how well you could lap a track in D!
Best vett yet would have a optional 6spd manual.
They just live to always put Ferrari’s name into the mix hahahahah 🤦🏻‍♂️. It’s not a Ferrari !!!! Not even close it’s a F****** Chevy made out of plastic that’s 100k over msrp
Mustang 350R had a Flat Plane Crank V8, or did you Forget ?
That track condition is Nasty
I probably heard this thing lapping when they were at Grattan Raceway. It's a great track, and it's only about 6 miles N/NE of home. GM still does a lot of testing there (my problem is I'm always on a time crunch when the camo test car's roll through the neighborhood).
Automatic 🥱
I guess if the goal was to copy instead of innovate then we’ll done Chevrolet . They have taken an American icon and made it sound like an angry sewing machine
Full bolt-ons, a flex fuel tune, and an inconel X-pipe exhaust bout all you need on this.
It could literally have half the power and be half as fast, and as long as it had a manual I would be happy. If I wanted a hobby rocketship that was just gas, brake, steering wheel I would get a side by side and save myself some money and the speeding tickets.
I can’t watch convertibles, why anyone would buy that and hide the engine is beyond my comprehension. Why GM would give that out as a press car baffles me too.
Corvette is no longer affordable
What's really hard to believe is the dealer mark ups on these cars.
Can't wait to see the REAL WORLD 0-60 times without the one foot rollout.
VIR is my favorite track. Reminds me of a mini Nordschleife.
Hopefully, someday, we will get to the point where these greedy dealers won't be marking them up beyond MSRP.  It's absolutely ridiculous what these clowns have done to our American supercar.
Dark Vaders weekend car.
Middle-class America has now officially lost the Corvette. Hear me out. We just hit 8 billion people on the planet with more on the way and a massive generation called Millennials are now reaching middle age and have more spending money. Unfortunately demand will now ALWAYS outpace supply which means market prices will now always be much higher than middle-class America can afford. We will never see pre-pandemic relative price ranges for goods such as the Corvette (look at the real market prices for the C7 Z06 vs the C8 Z06). With the C8 Corvette and especially the Z06 and higher variants we will now see Chevy targeting VPs, CEOs, and start-up venture capitalist silicon valley types that all fall in the top 1% rather than middle-class workers such as 4-year degree engineers. The world is rapidly changing as there are more people and more developed economies all competing for the same natural resources and goods. With the C8 Corvette, the average white collar worker in America can say goodbye to any chance at owning a real sports car and will now only have the Mustang performance price point as their only option. The best middle-class America can do now is sit back and drool as the uber wealthy drive by in their Ferraris, Lambos, Porsches, and now in their Corvettes as well. Sorry for the realistic outlook which may seem pessimistic, but it's unfortunately true.
Imagine twin turbos or supercharged on this beast
Id like to have seen the car actually be pushed to see how it responds. Is it easy to catch or does it suddenly snap into a spin and dance off into the trees? I guess it has enough electronic wizardry for it to be the former than the latter but perhaps it just requires a more confident driver to find that out.  Ido however find it very easy to believe the car exists though, having seen another beautiful road car that Praga has just released which will have similar levels of power in a car thats less than 60% of the weight. Sure, you'll be able to buy ten of these for the same price but hey, you can only drive one car at a time.
Ive never been a fan of black because it hides a lot of the lines on a car i.e. 67 fastback vette.There are exceptions like the 930turbo and this c8.It looks absolutely sinister and wicked.
Just imagine if weighed the same as a c6 z06......
This guy speaks ever so slightly faster the  Stevie from Malcolm In the middle. Pause I Pause stopped Pause watching Pause
Now who the heck can afford this…?
Could've chosen a better location, like Road Atlanta. Mount your cameras so they don't wobble next review.
I had the C5 Z06 black with black/red interior like this one.  Color is pretty much the only similarity!
Can’t wait for Hennessy to get ahold of one of these baby’s.
How is it in the snow?
Your thumbnail alone with the roof gone made me slightly justify the price a little more (no I can not afford one) 🤣🤣🤣
With out AWD its basically a death trap in the rain.
That Z06 makes the Ferrari look like a Yugo lol  Chevy done stole Ferrari's thunder as that Z06 is better in every single measurable and unmeasurable way!
Don't like the body style
Until you park a real Ferrari next to it, then it shrivels up and turns back into a pumpkin........
Waiting on a European kid with a Renault Clio to comment something about the interior.
RIP Ford Performance!!!!
Can’t wait to see the Zora! Twin turbo hybrid AWD on top of these numbers!
You need to have a racer on hand if you're going to be testing performance on a race track. Who would think 35psi would perform well in Cup 2s?
And these effing dealers are making sure regular Americans with the means are just out of reach. Screw the dealership network their protection laws need to be repealed, it's economic socialism. 😡
Imagine if they offered these in the Nardo Gray or Destroyer Gray color!
I can't wait till the ZR1 comes out. The ZR1 will be a MONSTER.
Hurry up and wait. 3 years,  at best,  to get one.
Ok, now how do I get one at MSRP?
Where's the rest of the gang?
Great car, however, the ownership experience will hurt long term. You have to get the same service as a Blazer customer.
This is too sophisticated for Americans
I won't  this car all black.
It's reving up,and he's not even shifting  gears.just what we need on the streets  of Detroit.
C4 is much better looking
Too bad it isn’t a stick shift
F'ing powerball...
This car is just amazing! Given any amount of money, I’d probably choose this. Maybe a LaFerrari, but maybe the z06. That’s really saying something given the almost $5m price difference!
Beautiful car — just amazing at that price point.
Monster!  Corvette is tops in the world now!
I heard they leak tranny fluid after 500 miles sounds like a piece of crap to me
This car will eat many mustangs
He has zero driving skills. Please for the love of GOD stop lifting your hands off the wheel.
It’s like a work of art! And that sound is intoxicating.
To quote Clint Eastwood from FireFox “Boy, is this a machine”
All I can see is terrible GM interior panels. Man I hate GM interior. I literally take them apart for a living.
The top dog version is way too expensive when starter c8 starts at almost 1/3 the price.
I parked next to one in my BRZ and they are just about the same size in length, was surprised how small this Vette is.
What a fugly car.
It doesn't even look like a corvette anymore. it looks like something of a futuristic Batmobile.  It's lost its Americanism. It needs to go back to it's roots.
The exhaust sounds fake for some reason
Why say 86 hundred. Say 8 thousand 600 rpm. Sounds bigger. I mean US users feet and pound to sound longer faster , larger anyway 😁.  Anyway this Ferrari looks and sounds super cool.
You will never have this much fun in an electric vehicle.
Not a fan of the wing, but everything else gives me a major chubb.
Man, how can I get a job like yours?
Way too much praise for a car with basically 4 over drives and a 5th gear that falls on its face at 145mph. You’re going to get blown out of the water after the 4 to 5 shift by pretty much everything. 5th 145-196 that’s ridiculous. So close chevy you almost had it! Maybe another 20k option package will fix it.
Love the car, hate the square steering wheel. Just make is a circle for crying out loud
I really enjoyed watching YOU enjoy this experience!  If I could afford the new ZO6, I'd order the convertible.
it took big nuts to do this car, the c7 was awesome in its own right, near perfection for front engine performance and design.    congrats Chev, you deserve the success and accolades.   I'm looking forward to the next couple renditions of refinements in the c8, gonna be ahhhhmazing....sorry Ferrari and Lambo, i'll keep buying American made supercars now.
@ 10:50 sec "you will find it very difficult to match the performance per dollar here" soooo I went to the tesla website and,,well it wasn't actually that difficult at all.
Dixboro rules!
If only they sold directly like Tesla.. Instead you have to pay a 25k-35k markup at some crook dealership
Gotta make a manual”.”
I have been waiting for this car my entire life but I cant afford one
UGLIEST.VETTE.EVER
it's crazy how even in 2022, every car video review out there still uses the top gear format/style established by clarkson/hammond/may. why mess with perfection, right?
No lap time around Grattan? What a stupid video. You should be ashamed of yourselves. No wonder you jokers only have 745K subs.
Convertible= girl's car
Why are the tires squealing when he is going 45 mph around a turn?  Assume the sound effects were added?
Dream car, and that spec is amazing
The better the car gets, the uglier it seems to get. I really dont like this design direction, it keeps getting more extreme..
Mannnnnnn my generation of old man in his corvette is going to be the best ever. I’m currently stocking up on khaki shorts, t-shirts for tucking and ordering some new white New Balance. My old man in his Corvette days are just around the corner. 😂😂😂😂 but VERY serious
“I have no desire to shift it manually” … how to destroy your credibility as an automotive journalist in 8 words
I really appreciate integrity instead of flattering another brand. Corvette is a big name in racing and I dont understand why that pedigree isnt good enough.  Same with the Camaro; quit playing to the cheap seats and slapping 20” plus wheels on the stupid thing. The company loses any heritage and credibility. What’s next? copy Tesla? Copy Ford?  No premium brand is following footsteps.
Its hard to believe how expensive has become that’s what is hard to believe 😂
The Tesla roadster will make this "obsolete".
Wait til the C8 ZR1/ Zora comes out. It will have about 150 more HP.
The z06 might be my favorite car under 200k right now. Chevy is doing what Ferrari engineers wish Ferrari corporate would let them do.
I can't afford one, hell I probably will never see one in person but it makes me happy that GM was willing to build it.   This is what Corvette should have always been.
How much did GM pay Car and Driver this year? Last year? hmmm...
The C7 Zo6 weighed 3500lbs
Those cars are so Heavy 😭. 3799Lbs is insane
Have watched about 10 of these reviews and there is one common theme.  YOU CAN NOT WIPE THE SMILE OFF OF ANY OF THE REVIEWERS FACE😊. I have never seen this consistently with any other car review.
good for 200,000 miles - all day in hot weather - all day in heavy traffic - 15,000 miles between oil changes - completely idiot-proof - Detroit has created a masterpiece.  now for the twin turbo model?
That is one ugly car.
170k …bye
Has paddles, keeps it in auto. Couldn't get past that and stopped watching after 3 mins...
If you're into the sound of Ferrari V8s then you probably love it. If you like traditional American muscle sound don't buy a flat plane crank engine
As a Corvette owner across generations I can only be absolutely blown away from the performance of this car.  Excellent job with the engineering and package. My concern on the new ones would be supportability in the future.  Also we're at the point where this kind of performance is really way beyond anything that would be mildly entertaining on the public roads unless you live in deserted areas.  I learned this many decades ago with 1000CC sportbikes. But it's the ultimate Corvette without a doubt.
Looks like a real nice track car.  I have a 2022 HTC C8. It is more than adequate for this guy. I love it.
👏👏👏
Disco cars are alive and well! 🕺   Old timers sports car.
Can we use manual please . You can’t run a car on the track in automatic 😂
No it’s not hard to believe it exists actually. Despite what the title of the video reads….humans like it and want it so we build it. If you don’t let woke culture, climate propaganda, and government bureaucrats get in the way these things are actually really easy to have happen
Attention car & driver reviewer. There is this thing called Google search that will pull up the owner's manual for you lol.  Don't you guys have a set process in place by now to get common needed things in advance to prepare properly for these reviews?  It's almost like you intentionally forget something or do something wrong to make the manufacturers look bad.  Track testing a car and not knowing the proper tire pressure is very weird to me not to do your due diligence to get the best result possible.
Is it as fast as a M3? LOL!
I realy miss carlos largo in good old days of mototrend ignition.
How can you improve on something that’s so good
Looking forward to prices coming down so I can daily one of these one day
A race car I can walk into Auto Zone, and by parts for.  The times we live in!
Cool car. Makes one appreciate just how good the Ferrari 458 was....in 2014.
So Ferrari is making a cross over now, I guess GM making a real super car is just as unexpected !
Like no other v8 from an American manufacturer, this mf forget about the gt350 already? Time to hang it up if he's already old and forgetful. This also is t a road test. You never left the track. Should've been called a track test.
Ferrari Fanboys will always hate the more affordable more reliable Chevrolet name. Competition is not even close.  Corvettes are driven daily to work every day and to the track on the weekend for a fraction of the cost.
The z06 will seem tame if the zr1 and Zora rumors are correct.
When you get a street legal IMSA car it’s basically the best ever bruh
I know Carlos is a great driver, but why is he shuffling the wheel like that on track?
It's too bad you hate your job so much. Hahaha
You drive on track in automatic? 😖
I love to see American companies do well, including GM.
Best looking American car ever
Still just american made crap.
I like how Carlos drives as if cruising around but as fast or faster as most other drivers on YouTube, their steering wheels jerking and twisting all over.
corvete did what ferrari should did 8 years ago 👍great job
Being a mid engine supercar, it would be great to see the back half of the car look more like the front half, complete with another steering wheel so you never have to worry about turning around.
I wana see the difference between this car,  and a 2013 C6 Z06, on the track?  This new vette doesnt do much for me? I like it dont get me wrong, but give me a C6 Z06 any day of the week
Corvette is being praised for what Ferrari first did, what 50 years ago in 1974?  Talk about grading on a curve.  LOL
If it comes to value, the 'vettes have led the way for a long time. Since the emergence of the C5s it has become more obvious.
😍😍
How are you guys any kind of authority when it comes to cars.? That long tire explanation is performance 101. Basic as it gets. This is why men don't read directions..
Overcomplicated and automatic. It basically isn’t the rowdy American upstart it used to be.
It's sooooo ugly!
I’ve owned a C6 Z06, C6 ZR1, & C7 Z06.  Good car for the money.  Unfortunately, incompetent/unprofessional dealerships/service, really causes poor/frustrating ownership experience.  What do you expect if your car is being serviced next to the lowest Chevy, right?  I’ll never own another Corvette because the dealer service experience is abysmal!
stunning car,
starts at 110-170...cannot wait to see ADM and see the final price.
Cóhrrvette
This is an awesome car. No shame in copying Ferrari, Ferrari got the vtec from HOnda to get high hp in high revs
Can you daily it? How much firmer does it ride than a C8 (which has been praised for its compliant ride on long trips)?
The umpteenth Ferarri killer. I wonder how the prancing horse has survived so long. This is an awesome car and I hope anyone who can afford to buy one drives it!
the last zo6 was actually affordable and easy to find this will be neither
Looks great sounds great, in the end it’s a GM product 👎
All good till you take it to your Chevy dealer to be fixed.
Is it time for me to trade in the CTS-V3?
So basically chrvy built there own 458 thatss been out for 11 yrs now.  And with the mark ups the way they are, the chevy is almost 200k. It's a great car, but at this  price point I think there's a few other cars I would jump into to.
I like the way it rev matches while downshifting in auto mode.
Lose the music.  The motor makes all the sweet noise needed.
Congrats to the Corvette team!   The C8 (including the Z06) is showing what American design and manufacturing is truly capable of.  Well done!
As a die hard Ferrari Fan Boy with capital F & B, this is absolutely amazing Ferrari making sport car companies step there game up for the last 70 years. With out us there would be no them. (Yes I’m purposely trigging the other car fan boys) 😈😈😈😂😂😂
I can’t tell whether he likes the car😂.
Never a question about its capabilities. Try buying one. By the time it’s available it will be out of production.
Lets see what time it does on the Nurburgring
Too bad there is no room in it. Way more room in a 458/488.
He drove around in auto the whole time. . . but he couldn't imagine more? !? !? !? !?! ?!? !?!
Batman your car is here sir 🦇
Grattan Raceway 😎
I've never liked the side intakes or 'boomerang' on the C8. Black on black paint goes a long way towards hiding this design cue. Looks good!
Nice car, wrong name. Real corvette are front engine and manual.
This guy IS nothing
Just found it.  25 miles NE of Grand Rapids, Michigan
Needs a manual transmission option
Sorry but that's not a corvette. Said what I said.
American race tracks...... They are called "ROADWAYS" and are just these randomly twisting "roads" hidden out in the outskirts of civilization for people to drive fast on. But they are not race tracks. The ENTIRE country has only a handful of real race tracks.
Less than 130 on the straight away.  I need more speed Scotty.
I’m getting dizzy…
Better get one now because the democrats don’t want fossil fuel cars so you can expect very limited production
Great drone cam video!
My Palms sweat watching this. Nice Work
Flat crank sounds like a 8 cylinder running on 7. The Ferrari sound comes from a 12 cylinder with flat crank not a V8 it sounds stupid.
looks amazing, vette is one of the best looking and sounding car that is now on market
Im sure many would agree with me on this.... this shouldnt have been a corvette. This should have been its own new car, just go off the trim and call it a Stingray. Id would have much rathered them leave the vette as a front engine rear wheel drive vehicle. Making this new version is awesome and I do love it but the name just doesnt scream corvette to me. All the vettes up to C7 all had something in common and when you saw it you knew it was a vette. This thing is terrific in its own light. Just my 2 cents of info...  Bad ass car though... doesnt sound like a normal vette as well. GOing super car you get the high end screaming sound like a ferrari and not a low growl or grumble like a regular V8
Looks boring to drive honestly. You’re just sitting there, feeding the wheel like a 90 year old on the way to the drive through pharmacy to pick up your blood pressure medications in your ‘84 Buick LeSabre…
Awesome car, no question. But it seems pretty understeery to me and the steering wheel needs to be round.
Wow impressive. That guy is a good driver too. Looks like he’s not even trying putting in fast laps not even breaking a sweat
It looks like a car from the 90s. Like a MR-2
Almost nobody will ever own one since Chevy refuses to build them. My local (large volume Corvette) dealer only got allocation for 6 the first cycle. That’s ridiculous and reflective of Chevy not filling orders.
I just wish GM would get over this flat surfaces on the steeringwheel crap. What's wrong with a round steeringwheel? (Aren't wheels supposed to be round, hence the word "steeringwheel?" Or is it words "steering wheel?" I'm calling it steeringwheel) A round steeringwheel's feel remains consistent as you turn it. I loved my 19 SS 1LE, but never liked the flat bottom on the steeringwheel. The rest of the steeringwheel felt great though.
Always a vet fan but no longer like them
Hmmmmm... Nothing quite says reporting  intergrity like all the "piped-in" tire squeel without ANY required steering wheel corrections (or the comment "I can't find the limit of the tires anywhere") during the first half of the video.  The driver/reporter must be so smooth/good he makes Andretti look like a kid on a Big Wheel.
Well done GM . Ferrari wants there improved version of the 458 back so they can charge a million bucks. GM just released the improved 458 version 2 and made it affordable to us middle class Americans. Thank you GM. No need to buy a used 10 year old Ferrari now with the maintenance nightmare
Get Randy in that thing......HURRY☝
Unfortunately if it follows the availability of the C8 there will never be enough of them not to mention the $180k sticker  price...😥
Sounds like alot of understeer 🙁
Fabulous track car! (No need to make them “road legal”)…
Mustang where you at
Carlos Lago is still alive?  I didn't miss him.  I'm going to YouTube HQ to tell them to never put him in my feed again.
And how good it look's in Black...oohh Yes.....Ha!
Yeah man, that thing is top notch, good job Chevy
There's something to be said about the quality of this review when the driver is using automatic mode on the track with one of the best sports cars ever made.
That interior stitch work is horrendous
Why are you driving it like it's a slush box instead of using the paddles?
I wonder what type of power that engine would make if GM turned it all the way up 🤔 because they fur sure tamed it down for reliability and warranty reasons, That platform is pretty impressive.
4:55 from this angle it looks almost identical to a 488 with a wing
Too angular.....Lambo please?
Stupid steering wheel.
I really don't like the design
Almost everyone has done a video review of the Corvette Z06. Why is Car and Driver one of the last ones to make a video?
I can’t wait for that lightning lab either. Y’all still print magazines right? I used to see them in the grocery store not so much anymore
Mf driving around a track in a zo6 looking at the camera saying he’s in auto mode and hasn’t found the limit? Find your balls son.
I Will Always Hate It Because Of The Sound But Gotta Respect It
Hey car and driver,  how about an article called "cheap speed" but then give the winner to the most expensive slowest car?  Oh wait you've done that lol
Ugliest Vette Ever . . .
😍😍😍😍😍😍
Bat mobile status
Oh, how Car and Driver has fallen!  There used to be engineers and writers who conveyed real information in an entertaining way.  Now we get “this is freaking cool”.
The Nevera will turn these into glorified riding lawn mowers
Ferrari's American new born baby.....new family addition....
hard to believe anyone would buy this ugly car
Please learn to hold the steering wheel correctly while hustling a car if you want to be taken seriously.
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
This thing understeers more than a damn Honda. Those tires squeeling a bit too much for all the "upgrades" it supposedly has.
Four fifty eight not 4 5 8. Yankees lol.
I was watching base version in local dealership. Man it looked good but that build quality :) Huge panel gaps, nothing has changed with US build quality
Ugly? Hell yes. Stupid interior? Yep. Automatic only? Check. Not even close to the best Vette evet no matter how fast it shifts or drives. Looks and driving involvement are what stirs the soul. No paddle shifted BS stirs the soul. Its a video game with the ECM doing it all for you.
Zora would be so proud.
I’m a Ford guy, but I want one of these in a bad way.
670hp is pretty impressive. Hope they make crate versions of the engine
I love the dubbing in of faux tires squeal. No driver able to elicit tires squeal out of this car would be as casual as you are at the wheel. I think you were doing half the speed that you imply you are going. Also, letting the car auto shift? An excellent poser video.
I miss the real V8 sound  ... it is not the same excitement of power !!!! 😢
WOW! What a sweet car. I have loved Corvettes my entire life, starting with the C3 generation. I currently own a black on black 2000 C5 Convertible with a stick. To think how much more improved and how much faster this car is compared to mine blows my mind. What blows my mind even more is the 170K price tag on the most expensive 2023 Z06 package. That blows my mind because that was the exact amount I paid for house just a year and a half ago, LOL. I guess you have to be rich to afford a new Z06.
Anyone else get mild anxiety watching him shuffle the steering wheel like grandma around the track?
Just waiting for that person who says “best sports car for the money”
Best ever? Are you sure? Looks like a kids toy that was melted...  best vetts ever were 50's and 60's.
finally proud of an american car
And it can be in your garage for only 180k.
Great job!
Chevy charges to much to the xtra packages. The max this car should cost in 135
Very cool, but also very, very expensive.
The interior need a redo! Please get rid of the steering wheel and center console. Plus the car still shacks to much it needs cassis rigidity
A exotic car w/out the headaches of an exotic.  Dependable, no high maintenance, affordable.  Probably go over 200,00 miles w/out any issues if maintained properly.  Imagine what the ZR 1 will be?
Poor Mans Ferrari
but also the ugliest Vette ever
I've never been a corvette guy but I really really like what they've been doing with them lately . If only I could afford one!
🏁🏎️ i wish i had one 🥺Life sucks
I don't think I can imagine what a new ZR1 would be like.
The ability to articulate the review while driving like that is truly impressive.
$110,000 acceptable $170,000 wait, how much? For a vette?
I have been waiting for this review seems like forever. Carlos never release his review when the others do lol
If only it looked like the 458
Way to expensive for a mid life crisis machine...
The only car I would choose over gt3 911 just so I can hear the v8 roaring!
it look wrong not use the paddle shift manually, but yea great car indeed
Thats not a corvette. Thats a ferrarri-camaro hibrid thing. I dont like it at all..
it would be fun to enter one in 24 Lemons and take the bajillion penalty laps
why are you talking 😠
Ha! Convertible!  It figures! Now I understand why it sounds so fast while the speedometer shows 50 mph 😉...Ok, enough with the rambling,  lets move on...
I want to know how it compares to something like a gt3rs.
WHERE IS THE 240SS
Where is Grattan lap time so that we can compare it to the c8 z51 and c7 GS you tested earlier?
i cant even get my hands on one so what's the point....
But, in upscaling the Corvette, it has ceased being a Corvette.  Park it next to a Ferrari or other exotic, remove the badging and only purists can tell them apart.  Part of the icon of the Corvette was that it was different. It sounded different. It looked different. It drove different.  Better yet, the C7 kicked ass while doing it different.   Now, it's just another one of those.
I love this!
That Z06 thats he's driving has the Z07 pkg, so it already has Cup 2R tires. Only thing hes missing is the CF wheels
This will be a world beater vs most supercars.
Let’s wait for Chris Harris to review.
Why don't we have any lap times at Major circuits on this car yet?
2022 Corvette Stingray, zero to 60 mph in 2.8 seconds and quarter-mile in 11.2 seconds. Corvette Z06 zero to 60 in 2.6 seconds and quarter-mile time of 10.6 seconds. Is it worth it?
Driving in auto, really?
Wondering what the ZR has cooking?
the great thing about the Vette over the Ferrari is it's size, the C8's cockpit is clearly built around 'Murican body types so 6 footers your ship has come in.  the 458 is not too bad in this regard but definitely a bit cramped.  Lamborghini Huracan...?  "fuggedaboudit"...  I say this being 6ft-1 and having driven all 3.
I can’t afford a z06 but I’m definitely getting a stingray.
Looks like a kid stole his rich dad's credit card and went blind nuts kit bashing aero parts.
I can't tell whether the guy at the beginning driving the car in standard automatic mode says more about the competence of the car, or more about how little I trust what he says about the performance of the car.
first corvette i would own with pride...looks that much more focused than the standard and who doesnt love an 8500 rpm redline...only thing its missing is a manual.
Nothing like a vette
2 years from now, I will have one of these
Best Vette ever? Men of culture know that Vicky is the best Vette EVER! 😂
shame they cost $90K for a used base model
That amazing picture of a c8 Made me watch this lol
One of my favorite cars on one of my favorite tracks.
The rear spoiler  it's  ugly as hell!!
THE GUY IS BEARLY DRIVING IT AND THE SEAT IS SWAYING BACK AND FORTH ABOUT 1 INCH.  LOOKS LIKE THEY WENT CHEAP ON THE SEATS.
Ngl I wasn’t a fan of the standard version but this is stupendous sounds very exotic
Get a real pro behind the wheel
N/A all the way, forget about your turbo's and superchargers etc, theres nothing like driving a highly strung NA V8 with heaps of grunt...
If I got one I’d be broke
It’s not a Corvette it’s a Ferrari clone. Nice, and likely more reliable, all the same. I’d buy one.
Yay Grattan my home track 💕
9000 rpm is a song.  Who needs a radio
Thank you i stick to my tesla plaid.
Saying best Vett ever is like saying best Italian food you ever had at Olive Garden. A very low bar!
Cant wait to see the ZR1!
I must be crazy but im not a huge fan of this car. I hope im not the only one. It kinda looks and feels like a Chinese knockoff of a Ferrari.
Could we please see one of these verses a Ford GT as soon as possible.
Gotta love Grattan Raceway!  Give us a lap time!!  😉  I'd love to compare to what I run in my Civic there.  😇
You could be quicker by removing the passenger
I like how GM aimed low with Ferrari 458 instead of the Speciale or Pista. Maybe in another ten years😂🤣🤣
Please Stop turning the sterring wheel like that....
If it has an automatic it's not even a performance car, let alone a super car. If you can't heel and toe it, it's not a performance car, let alone a super car. American made GARBAGE.
Larlos Cago 🥳
So sad that GM held this mid engine version(concept) back for so long. This was what a Corvette was always intended to be, and this is the BEST Corvette ever made by a country mile... or two.
Rip Mclaren.
It annoyed me that he didn’t use the paddles.
Love seeing you guys at Grattan, great place to give a real test.
I have a question as a C6Z owner with a top speed of 198 how is this car's top speed 195 is it governed and why.. This car should be 220÷ easy
Isnt it kinda ridiculous that the might & manpower of GM had to buy several Ferraris to figure out how to make a sportscar. Even bragging about it. Anything so that they can put the words Ferrari and Corvette in the same sentence.
Did nobody ever teach you how to hold a steering wheel properly.. Your driving style is scary.
For my ENTIRE LIFE I have been told this Corvette.... Is finally as good as those European supercars. The hype, the wild claims. Wouldnt it be weird if it was finally true this time. Press X to doubt.
Already talk of a twin turbo 1000 hp for next year 🔥🔥
Got to ride in a c8 base driven by a professional driver on track. That felt sketchy to say the least. Can't even imagine the z06 or dare I say zr1 or Zora must be a amazing feeling.
Well, ya...but what about those interior plastics.  😉
I think I would still like this car if gm just used a supercharged v8 as with old z06 models, but this engine makes me fall in love with this car…
The reason it's so hard to believe it exists may have something to do with the 50 THOUSAND DOLLAR MARKET ADJUSTMENT!! Just title the thumbnail "This car exists but can only get it if you kiss a dealer's rear-end.
Is a POS!!! Saw it at the car show with less than 1,000 miles on it and the seats looked like it had over 100,000 miles. The front is so high of the ground that you can go offroading. With an MRSP of over $150,000 plus whatever ridicululous markup is on GT3 range while being far inferior.
This is the car that will bring universal respect to the Corvette name. Chevy realized they had to do that to become a true member of the sports car upper echelon, and boy, how they have succeeded.
When the F are car review channels going to drop the background music.... Listen to that engine sound (12 year old video editor plays tatatatatatata music louder than the engine)..  Brilliant work
Huh grattan raceway, would you look at that. Wonder if the pavement is still absolute crap. Super fun track though.
It bothered me so much that this guy left the thing in automatic on the track.  Get a real driver in there.
By 15 seconds in you can tell this vette doesn’t sound like sh**.
I’m really surprised Chevy didn’t post an official time at the Nurburgring but what a beat of a car.
Unbelievable
You didn't mention the $100,000 dealer markups?
No wonder when I first seen this I said it looks like a 458
The sound will go down in history yet performance always improves. Wait until the ev vette comes out! Or a larger big block gas engine. Future looks promising for me to get a faster than z06 corvette electric
Hey what's so special about a flat plane v8 that revs to 8600? It only sounds like a 4 cylinder that revs to 17400. Psh. /s
Perfect for Turkey Day
Sorry Carlos,  You'll never be Cammisa.
Who ever edited this needs to be fired no music is needed.
You can't match that performance anywhere in the world at that price point. Gotta spend several hundred grand or more from the foreign competition.
Still fiberglass
Weighs about the same as my 17' 6 speed manual SS Camaro.
The Z06 C8 hit every european performance company with a brick, but also hit us blue collar american with the same brick on affordability.  So the ZR1 will be over 200K I'm sure. But looking back to 2009 I thought I never own a 638 hp ZR1, then I got something better a 2018 650 ZL1/1LE I'm good !
Corvette has always been the best $ for $ performance sports car in the world.
Is this the highest HP Corvette ever?
Aero kit on black looks sweet..
Basically the C8 is not a muscle car anymore. The c7 was still a muscle car in my eyes and the guys at the shop. We all believe the days of muscle car corvettes are over. At least we still have the Camaro ZL1 and the CT5V Blackwing. Those are still MUSCLE all the way!
This Z06 has literally put the world on notice… It’s as good or better than anything, ANY other brand has to offer, for far less 💵.
If they can't match the 992 GT3RS around the 'Ring I'll be disappointed.
I would never buy a car with a square steering wheel! The idiot that allowed that to go into production never had to do any fancy car control or drifting.
This car is so bad ass, that it is the only car on the track, but sounds like 10 cars are out there racing.
I'm not sure I've ever wanted a car more in my entire life.  Carlos, you've outdone yourself once again.
Le Mans.    Victoriys
Throttle house explains so much more just watched throttle house video on a ZO6
The back is ugly, it doesn't match the front and at the end of the day it's a Chevrolet.  Will never compare with an Italian or German exotic
America's masterpiece, European mauler, boo-yah skadaddy
I don’t care for it. The camera shakes way too much to really enjoy it. Suspensions are too stiff.
I don’t care for it. The camera shakes way too much to really enjoy it. Suspensions are too stiff.
These will be driven like Cadillac’s once they hit the streets.
It's not only the only NA v8 available, it's also the most powerful NA flat plane v8 production car ever made.
I'd buy 5 of those.
Auto must be so good that you don't have to change it manually..
Awesome video and Carlos is the coolest guy ever to do reviews. Great work!!!!
Why would they make the interior that ugly again? No one can think it looks good?
You never stopped smiling. That's how I know it's great!
I have to say 460 lb tq is laughable. Bring us one with high torque numbers north of the C7 Z06.
Dream Car!!!!
I'm weird but, i standby the crossplane sounds much better. People just like this or think it's amazing because it's not the normal, a rarity.
The beautiful thing about corvette is that every model at some point has been called the best corvette ever made. They have all been spectacular and will continue to be the best.
You tested the 1/4 mile time with 2 people. Getting rid of the extra passenger will surely see a little bit of performance.
Has to be one of best cars ever built and definitely best corvette ever built.
Good review but why are you driving it in Auto on a track...
Let us look back to this car after 5 years from now, and it will look outdated, especially the interior.
Very impressiveIf I had the money to buy it, I'd still buy a C2.
I think the dual badge 70th anniversary and Z06 look good together.  Anyone else like that combo?
I never see Ferrari (s)  at the track for very long. They mostly end up at a Ferrari dealership with large repair bills and long wait to get it back. A Mclaren or Porsche RS would’ve been a better basis for comparison.
The extra width  and larger wheels on the Z06 make it look exponentially better than the base Stingray. Can we please get a Grand Sport with this chassis/body configuration and the base 6.2L V8? (love the flat plane but I just think this would be a cool option).
6:47 Bro...
Performance per dollar...  ok GT500.  Now 75k cheaper and same performance.
I think its only fitting the c8 ZO6 is so good, considering the c6 ZO6 was incredible, keeping up with all the european cars while ripping past them on the straights and being 1/4 the price.
Great review dude 👍🏻🇺🇸
Ok. Sold.  When will it get here?    I will be waiting out front for the delivery truck.   Thanks Car and Driver.    I never win anything.  This is amazing.
GM E SUAS MUITISSIMAS SUBSIDIARIAS MAQUINISSIMA PODEROSISSIMA, GLORIOSISSIMO, PERFEITISSIMA DE ALTISSIMO PERFORMANCE, DESEMPENHO, MUITISSIMAS QUALIDADES SUPERIORSISSIMAS, EXCELENTISSIMO PROJETO EM TODOS SENTIDOS PRA DOMINAR TUDO, MUITISSIMAS TECNOLOGIAS AVANÇADISSIMAS, RESISTENTISSIMO, MODELO TOP DEMAIS POIS DESFILA no TRANSITO COMPATIVEL, DIGNISSIMO dos EUA, LUXUOSISSIMO, CONFORTAVEL, LENDA DOMINANTE EM TUDO, IMBATIVEL, ESTABILIDADE, AMANTISSIMO DE ALTISSIMAS PERFORMANCE, DESEMPENHO E VELOCIDADES, MUITISSIMAS PERSONALIDADES, DIRIGIBILIDADE, IMBATIVEL, INDISCUTIVELMENTE O SUPERIORSISSIMO EM TUDO, SHOW DEMAIS, 10, SUPERAÇAO, SENSACIONAL, LINDISSIMO, EXCELENTISSIMO, MAIOR POTENCIA MUNDIAL, REINA ABSOLUTISSIMO, PROTAGONISTA, CELEBRIDADE E ETCS
Just buy a 458 special and be done with it
BEST.VETTE.EVER. Love that.
Pd needs to add this car in gt7
This car is beyond the best Vette, it is one of the finest cars made
What a feat of engineering, and the best part is they are just getting started!! I think for the first time we may get more than on Corvette at a time with a different body style much like Ferrari and Lamborghini do..
The way Carlos speaks about the ZO6 performance makes it sound like a naturally aspirated 765LT.
GM must release a Twin Turbo GT version of this car with the same $106K base price like Porsche offers the GT3 and Turbo at the same price.
I can't afford one, but that's the Corvette I've been waiting for my entire adult life! 🤓 It's actually crazy and hard to believe that it finally exists.
111 years to get here.
Where dafuq is the Lightning Lap?!
Its about 200k euro
Best C8 Z06 video I have seen.
drove C8  at Las Vegas motorspeedway
Corvette has been my favorite car for 37 years... one day..
A week ago, now in my fourties, I started thinking - what is my actual dreamcar? Money no limitation. A GT3 RS? An F8? What would I actually buy, own and maintain - here in Latvia, on our roads. And even before watching this video - I understood the Z06 could be it. It has one shortcoming - of course, the lack of a manual - but it also makes it faster - and I guess it more than compensates with driver involvement in other spheres. Amazing machine - and for literally half the price if compared to the GT3 or similar high end cars - which, more importantly, doesn't show anywhere on the Vette - quite on the contrary. Well done, GM!
Imagine spending ~100k on a Corvette only have the transmission poop out on you after a couple thousand miles. GM isn't known for their quality or reliability. Hard pass.
that SOUND. holy moly.
The Z06 is a genuine supercar. Looking forward to the ZR1 to reach hypercar levels.
Thanks Carlos, always appreciate your videos.
What is the date that the z06 in an 07 package will participate in the "Lightning lap" ?!
Carlos! Yes!!
What a great car, but why can’t they seem to make it look as good as a Ferrari or Lamborghini etc? It’s not a terrible looking car, but parts of it look odd and unbalanced to me.  Otherwise great job 👏 to Chevrolet engineer’s. But I must say, I’m not sure I would try to copy Ferrari, I would go my own path Chevy.  Who knows what they might come up with.
This Corvette is a triumph! Someone always brings up the Plaid whenever you talk about fast cars, and they are fast in a straight line. The truth of the Plaid is that it handles mediocre, looks completely generic (I can’t swing a dead cat without hitting 3 Model Ss in my neighborhood) and they can’t stop to save their lives, literally. Yes, yes sometime next year you’ll be able to get carbon ceramic brakes for them, but no one is walking up to a Plaid at Cars n Coffee now or in the future to slobber over the Plaid.  People still revere the 458, and they certainly will revere the Z06.
Yeah they kinda botched this video.
Alright boys pack it up, the corvette is no longer an "affordable" sports car if you want anything but a stingray
it will be better with self driving option so the driver's hand will be free to wank off
Looks epic in black.
Can we get Randy to do a lap at Laguna already?
Hate it
great video, great sounds, great tests. only wish they could have also been given a bare bones 1LZ no front lift no aero Z06 spec car to see what could have been shaved for times as both these cars had significant drag and downforce with the aero. nonetheless great stuff!
Shuffling hands
Very very surprised that you didn’t provide more info on the single item that makes this car go so much better  🤔…. That being the flat plan crank engine; the quick spin up, high revving, better breathing unit ( with more power) design that emulates Ferrari and McLaren V8 engines… and of course the reason it sounds SO AMAZING 😝 also you failed to mention its wider track and different steering geometry… 🤨
....the C8 ZR1 is gonna be ..........fill in the blank, compared to the c8 Z06...?
Happy thanksgiving
Cool abilities but yeah I dunno. Doesn’t have the masculine appeal of the older formula. This reminds me of a little cute fiero. Proportionally it doesn’t command respect.
Manual transmission please.  Or I will continue to buy 911’s.
Great, but overpriced for a mass produced Corvette.
Pathetic.  He never even bothers to use the paddles. ITS AN AUTOMATIC. I always say, if the computer is faster, why bother with the paddles. I'd rather drive a manual Mini, because i'd be driving...
Great car, hey Ford this is what your GT should’ve been!
Yeah these videos have no emotion, I’m glad Car and Driver is putting out videos again. However look to Hagerty and Motortrend for what works.
Talk about a straight forward intro. That is a z06 Corvette indeed.
When the only negative is the" in your face" heated rear window strips (are they also the aerial?) When ford and others can make heated front screens with almost invisible bands.
I can’t wait to see what they will do for zr1
I believe it was a speciale
Lame video
Yep it's really sound like a proper supercars now
Is the ZR1 of the C8 even gonna be street legal? The Z06 is already a beast.
Definitely buying one soon as it hits copart
"Its like a ferrari....." well ya, they copied the ferrari. In typical chevy fashion; dont innovate, just copy what others are doing and act like you created something new.
sooo sweet
The Escalade V is out let’s see that. 🧍🏽
Observation:  Great review, cudos to C&D but I need a Chris Harris review.
It’s an amazing car. Still think it doesn’t sound as good as the Ford 5.2L flat plane Voodoo engine which is a shame. Also don't like the amount of negative camber needed to make this a neutral handler in the corners. Hoping stearlerships don’t ruin the Z06 with markup
Where is the V8 muscle sound ? So basically if you only bought the vette for the V8 sound, Now you don t have any reason to buy one. Well done Chevy...
Value exotic alternative 👍
lol better cars exist....
The poor man’s 458. Never thought I’d see one.
Anyone else think Corvette’s taking over the game!??
Thumbs up if you want a c8 without any of the electronics. Like mechanical only suspension, mechanical diff, steering, no nanny systems etc
Released an hour ago and I feel late!
Curious. How does this stack up against a Hurrican STO or EVO in the quarter mile/trap speed.  ?
I agree with all of it, except for the claim that the Z06 has the best-sounding American V8 of all time, the Mustang GT350R's FP-crank Voodoo sounded better, IMO.
👍
If they only had the balls to make a manual transmission, hell make it an option!!!! I have a manual 1SS1LE and it's a blast to drive! yeah I know the auto is faster, but it's a street car, I'm not out trying to win races on University Drive! I like cruising the mountains rowing gears.But I guess the days of shifting gears yourself is almost at an end☹
I don't like it looks like a super car with Nissan Tiida headlights😁😁😁😁😁
For the first time corvette sounds like an exotic, holy s. 😎
Best car of the year in my opinion, only competition is the Porsche GT3
Ok I've noticed a semi big problem. The Digital speedo only updates like once per second. In 2022. I wanna see every single digit fly past. I can guess at some reasons why they did this but can also imagine work arounds to those problems. Do better at this GM!
Finally a review done by adults, not these annoying AF kids.
My attainable supercar!
How is the Z06 Quieter than the base StingRay ????
Can't wait to get mine. The release and production predictability has been a complete disaster.
I believe this is the first time I've seen a C8 Z06 in black. Looks freaking hot!
Big Company like Car & Driver, you'd think the video would be 4k. :(
Get Jason Camissa and Randy to do these high performance review! It would be epic; they will find its limits! My thoughts
Love it, but it has become inaccessible to most. One of the appeals was bang for buck, it still is is some respect, just a lot of bang for a lot of buck.
I couldn’t wrap my head around driving a Corvette but I’d drive anything that sounded like this
Only thing I dont like is the square steering wheel.  Great video, Carlos.
Truly can't wait to take delivery of mine.  Have had a deposit down for better than 2 years.  Still some time to go before my number comes up but hopefully Chevrolet can get production moving along....
That’s some good work Chevy.
I see so they benchmarked it to one of the greatest driving F cars of all time. Seems like a solid idea.
I’m too distracted by Carlos struggling with the square steering wheel.
Ya you can hear it’s the regular tire model lol
Can’t wait to see the ZR1 When it’s released🔥🔥
In the (Tesla) Plaid era this is a good sounding car. Maybe like a film camera with the smells in the age of digital. It will be a classic 30 years from now for sure.
Love it. This is the first Corvette I would truly love to own. Black is the right color for this car.
whys the steering wheel so fat
It sure is, Car and Driver. Love it!
Yeah but it’s no Hyundai G90 apparently
Love it
