I enjoyed Indiana Jones 5. It sits somewhere in the middle of the series for me in terms of enjoyment, better than Temple of Doom and Crystal Skull and worse than Last Crusade and Raiders.
Say what you will about the 5th film. But it's definitely better than the 4 one
This movie sucked Chris
This film needed Short Round
why she has this mark on her forehead?
I am very surprised Chris you liked this!  The countless reviews I’ve seen of this, no one liked it.  It’s been demolished so much.  I liked it a lot as well.  As you I think it’s better than ‘Skull.’  There are nit picks as well from me but it’s still something that didn’t stop me from enjoying it.  I think you’re great and have agreed with 99% of your reviews.  Keep up the great work.
Well it had a lot of great stuff in it , of course - but too much bad stuff weighed it down. Indy’s son dead? Indy’s marriage broken? Indy old sad and depressed? Young female co star outshining him and saving the day? Really? Who the heck thought of these terrible things? Oh well. Still - there was great stuff here. The opening with young CGI Indy was a great sequence ( but strangely, the cgi Indy in Great Circle - a VIDEO GAME - incredibly, was BETTER! Harrison Ford’s final performance as Indiana Jones was as iconic as ever. And overall,  there were enough classic Indiana Jones elements to still make the movie fun to watch. After all - this is Indiana Jones. One of the greatest characters in Cinema history!
Saw the imax version and thought it was terrible just being honest
Since this movie came out I’ve traversed the 40 years old mark. Obviously Indy is an icon to me. So I gotta say that I’ve grown more fond of this movie now. Especially knowing that Ford was my age when he made Raiders 😐
Indiana Jones in name only.
Glad to know there's at least one person out there who found some level of enjoyment in this.
Most people I know dont have a problem so say a movie is mediocre. I must also be ok to say the film sucks if that is your opinion and dont be offended by that or put people on your own spectre and pretend like you know it all. Dont make excuses before you start the review it becomes annoying. And yeah in my opinion its a bad movie.
The year I turned 19 years old Raiders of the Lost Ark was released. I wasn’t that big a movie person, but a movie never affected me like that. I ended up seeing it 8 times! I would go to a weekday matinee so I could have the entire theater to myself. This was a time before 85” TVs with surround sound, laptops, and cell phones. The movie theater was a special world. 44 years later I finally saw the last installment (Just saw it on Disney today). Seeing Harrison Ford (exactly 20 years my senior to the day) and Karen Allen together again was a special moment for me, and a metaphor for all the years I’ve traveled as well.
Clown
When in doubt, add some Mads. Unfortunately, it wasn’t enough. At least in Crystal Skull you could still picture him as the classic Indiana Jones. He’s just too old in this one.
The French Moroccan kid brought a light hearted short round element to the movie that was better for it
Normally, always agree with your reviews but I have to say on this I cannot agree. It's an awful, awful film. Villains are terrible, pacing is terrible, the plot is dumb and Phoebe is just as bad as the mac character in the Crystal skull. I'd love a review from you and see if you still feel the same as I doubt you will.
just stop mate. it's objectively a shit film
Please review Indiana Jones and the Great Circle.  It’s easily the best game we’ve gotten since fate of Atlantis, and should have been a film.
So the only criteria for being a good Indiana Jones movie in Chris's mind is for it to not be Crystal Skull?
His voice sounds wiered in the D.o.D. Prologue he sounds about 80 😂😂😂cos he is bless him
I refer to this as “Indiana Jones and the dial of disaster.” It gave me a new appreciation for “Indiana Jones and The Crystal Skull.” Wasting Karen Allen in a cameo at the end of disaster was wrong
Better than Crystal skull? You trippin
I really liked this entry, I love them all.
Never realised Boyd Holbrook from Logan was in this.
Man, you really need to play Indiana Jones and The Great Circle. Is the movie that never was made. Way better that Crystal Skull and Dial of Destiny.
Dial of Destiny has been a disappointing movie for me, it’s easily my least favorite out of all 5 films.
Bad take. Dial was much worse than Skull. At least Skull was an Indiana Jones movie.
Crystal skull is better
I saw your review and saw it in theatres now i regret it 😢
I share your love for Indy. This flopbuster is an atrocious disgrace and shameful send off for Indy. Being pelted by rancid rotten eggs and wormy tomatoes could not be worse than the casting choices of Waller Bridge, the clueless plot holes and rabid CGI overkill. Kathleen Kennedy is a sure fire way to wash up and tank into the millions any movie with half a chance.
Just say it Stuckmann - IT’S SHITE!
This movie is not better then crystal skull. Dial of destiny is super bland and very disappointing it does not look like an Indiana jones film, it’s literally just a Disney movie and the quality and picture is just too intense and too Disney which is super disappointing for an Indiana jones film while the other 4 movies were directed way better then dial of destiny. I enjoy crystal skull far more then this, crystal skull still has some vibe from the original trilogy, has better and more action sequences and it’s directed by Steven Spielberg. But thanks to this movie, kingdom of the crystal skull is no longer the worst Indiana jones film.
I enjoyed the movie.
Thank you Chris for your rvieuw. 😁👍
Dsfug is this review
4:50
Is the film good or not? Just watch it if you like it ,you like it! if you dont,you dont! Its all relative. Some people like vanilla some like chocolate.Please.
Chris..  I noticed..   you DO NOT DO BAD reviews..   you are weak..  soft..   pathetic..  GROW a pair.   I liked your early stuff..   I smell liberal wokeness here.
You're in denial just like with Indy 4.
How did you ever get to 2mn followers, honestly. The banality of this review …
Harrison Ford has made $62 million dollars  to kill off the character and legacy of all his iconic roles. Phillip Noyce should write a sequel for Jack Ryan so Harrison can complete the assassination tour. Ford could probably get $18 Mill to make it a cool $80 mill to end on. He doesn’t give a F….
"in depth thoughts". Good one, Chris
You went off the deep end with this one! I still haven’t seen this turd of a movie.
Best PS3 cutscene ive ever seen 😢
How do you feel about the new Indiana Jones game being Xbox exclusive?
​This was not a fitting end to Indiana Jones whatsoever. At least he  still ACTED like Indiana Jones in Crystal Skull. He was an older Indy but Indy nonetheless. In this one he was just about as much fun as Clint Eastwood in Gran Torino. Grumpy. He didn't want to be on this adventure and Harrison Ford just didn't feel like the true character to me in this movie. Kingdom of the crystal skull was much better than this film. I don't need Harrison Ford to show me that growing old sucks. Instead he should have shown us the growing old doesn't have to be bad. This movie was by far the worst Indiana Jones movie and I'm a huge fan. And I'm sorry but the woman was just insufferable. They shouldve just gotten Short Round to come back for one more adventure. I mean why wouldn't you do that? That would Grab every single Indiana Jones fan. But no, we're going to use an insufferable woman that no one even cares about or wants to see. And this is the ending we get? He goes back in time, gets punched and wakes up in his crappy apartment. Oh and him and Marion  reenact the exact same scene from Raiders for nostalgia bait..... That's the ending we get for the legendary story of Indiana Jones? It feels like an ending that was written in about 4 minutes. It's too squeaky clean. Way too clean. It just wasn't good enough.
Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark: A+ Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom: A- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade: A Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull: C+ Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny: D-
But you’re definitely not drinking the Kool-Aid now 😂
Indiana Jones and the feminist of Doom was an abomination.
I still think it would’ve been a better movie if they brought back Short Round in a villain role that has a revenge motive after Indy leaves him after temple and we don’t know what happened to him. And Indy has to learn about guilt and grief. If you wanna go on a corny ending with Short Round forgiving Indy before he dies. My opinion of course
Sorry, Chris...but I still say Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is better than Dial of Destiny
You I find it funny that the Indiana Jones community seems upset that they deaged Harrison, even though it's some of the greatest the aging we've ever seen in a movie. And when Star wars did it to Luke, and it was crappy TV budget the Star wars community lost their minds in joy and happiness. I don't understand the difference.  I can now happily say that their are now four Indian Jones movies. I compare these four movies to the uncharted series in the way that there was the classic trilogy and then a thief's end was this kind of let's go back for one last ride type of situation. As much as Indiana Jones ends on such a good third movie the fourth movie being the dial of destiny is such a good thing because it brings him back not like a classic adventure but more like a let's do this one last ride. Cuz he's old and it acknowledges that and the beginning prologue giving us a taste of how he used to be and then the rest of the movie showing us how he is now it feels very close to how thief's end was with Drake being much older and not really wanting to continue as a tomb robber but being dragged back into it anyways.  I think if this movie came out fourth instead of Crystal skull then the community would have been way less upset. This movie is far better than Crystal skull, it wouldn't have been loved as much as the original 3 but it wouldn't have been hated as much as Crystal skull. I think a lot of the community is still salty about Crystal skull and should just shelf that movie in its entirety and enjoy this movie is the one last ride that it's trying to be
So many people hating chris for enjoying the move..  i just finished watching it on bluray and hell i enjoyed it.  Chris will always be on the side of the filmmaker since he's already one.   We have the pleasure of appreciating everything else the movie offers aside from an abysmal  script or plot.
I generally agree with you, its a well made fun movie with some problems. Overall very entertaining. I enjoyed it MUCH more than Crystal Skull.
Chris, your passion for movies is appreciated in the way you speak about them. I agree with your assessment of John Williams's score for the movie, classic Williams. I just wish the whole score for the movie was as whimsical and nostalgic that transports you to another land and time as it was in the final scene's love interest theme. That's all. I'm a new subscriber and look forward to seeing more great content. Cheers!
I loved this, was great fun and really entertaining. Went in with no expectations.
So, AKA, you want a career so you won’t bite the hand before it feeds you. So disingenuous to hijack the valid argument about nuance to brown nose.
Such a SHILL,  damn...
I don't understand why the the movie bombed it's a fun good film and I will be adding it to my collection why would you not??? waiting for the 4k blu ray.
Wow, Chris. What happened to you? 😢
I liked this way more than I thought I would. My only complaint at all is the "speed" of the CGI. The cart chase looks comedic how fast the background is moving. Phoebe Waller-Bridge is great as a tomb raider type unscrupulous adventurer. The science fiction/Supernatural elements are great too. I have never been a fanatic for the Indiana Jones series but this is still a movie I would add to my permanent physical collection. It is a shame Indians Jones' son is dead so we can't see further adventures. An Indiana Jones vs. 007 film could have been quite a cool thing. "Critics" who say it's "garbage" must be jaded to the max if this makes their "Crud" list.
No, Dial of Dysentary was pure garbage.
"The film is no perfect, but that does not mean it's awful". This, we need to say this more, and louder, because it's not getting through to enough people.
RLM called CS a prick,
Lovely movie 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I miss the days when Chris Stuckmann wasnt a hollywood simp and just spoke his mind. This movie was a shitfest and falls apart after multiple viewings. Indiana Jones is OLD asf and miserable and Helena Shaw is annoying. That's the 2 and a half hour movie in a nutshell. The fast pace and snappy dialogue from the originals is now replaced with hour long smart-ass monologues by helena shaw. Its like having someone from the audience constantly heckle Indiana Jones....be in the actual film. She makes Willie Scott in Temple of Doom look like Meryl Streep. This was by far the biggest disgrace in film history and I am glad it flopped and lost millions of dollars!!!
As many others I found the prologue was far too long. It overstayed it's welcome
I think Chris deserves credit for keeping a straight face throughout this so called 'review'. ❤😂  Any chance that this review was in fact unbiased and impartial were thrown out the window the moment he said that this movie was better than Crystal Skull.   Because as bad as Crystal Skull was and it was pretty bad. The Dial of Destiny is easily the worst in the Indiana Jones series and possibly the worst movie of 2023.  The only saving grace is that Disney produced so much crap this year. It's hard to pick one single winner for worst movie. ❤😂
Chris Shillman
1. The Last Crusade 2. Raiders of the Lost Ark 3. Temple of Doom 4. Kingdom of the Crystal Skull 5. Dial of Destiny
I think the movie was pretty good as an old school Indy fan who grew up with his dad watching the movies. The Crystal Skull one was where they lost me. This installment brought back old school memories and vibes.
Great review! just watched it on Disney Plus this evening did not see it in the movies cos i missed it; thought it was going to be around for a while but nope..waited to long. lol. loved the soundtrack but was meh on everything else.
This movie could’ve been so much better. Of course there has to be a female hero.
This movie was a perfect wrap to all the Indy movies of the past. Fantastic stuff!
well this was a movie
overall way better than expected. you can see that Mangold is a competent director. there were just a few moments that where on the ridiculous scale same to the fridge scene. mads getting hit into the head by the train sign, indy being pushed into the tunnel wall, helena jumping the cars. and of course they time travel should only be hinted at. they shouldn´t have gone there
Whatever you say, but I liked it.  It is not good as the original three films, but it's still good.
I completely agree with this review
I sense a disturbance in the Force.
totally fun film and its really interesting and fun to get a “senior citizen” Indiana in 1969.  most of the criticisms i see here on YT and in comments seem to have some sort of agenda that i don’t connect to.  the visuals, while occasionally a bit plasticky - also seem sort of comic-booky and old time serial-y, makes me think that Lucas and/or Speilberg would have done the same to get that playful, exaggerated feeling.  the movie is clearly VERY well directed.  there is no other way to say this - saying this movie isn’t well made is very ignorant of filmmaking.  is Indiana a little “sidelined” as an action hero or takes a backseat to the heroine?  yes sometimes, but he is clearly old, and MUST be an old man in 1969.  the movie treats the character with respect.  the ending- NOT stupider than anything else i’ve seen in an IJones movie.    lets not forget in ToD when they successfully fall out of a plane in an inflatable raft, when the knight in LC has spent 900 years in the grail cave,  when Mola Ram can reach into someone’s rib cage with his bare hands and pull out a still-beating heart.  the ending here is fun, and for me anyhow- in the playful spirit of the series and for a series about an archeologist who literately lives partly in the past - it is an appropriate end to the series.  this movie uses the formula of all the IJ movies…it isn’t ground shattering stuff.  it is a treasure hunt that strings together very well-made action scenes, its got great period detail, and has enough character work by great actors to be entertaining and interesting.
The way this man became a shill to the industry is disgusting
It was bad.  To much cgi.  It was like a cartoon.  And un realistic things like being yanked up out of the water while diving.   That should have killed them, especially when they explained the dangers before they got into the water.   Just dumb writing.   The rope bridge breaks on the way into the tomb. And then it's fixed when they run out.  Sloppy!
They made Indiana out to be crap. This movie should never have been made.
Just watched it with zero expectations. I honestly enjoyed every moment of it. Yes at times it’s cheesy but so we’re the originals. Leagues above crystal skull and just a really fun adventure. To be able to sit and watch Harrison as Indy one last time is something I never expected to happen. I’m very grateful we got this film.
What was the point of this movie? What was Indy's arc? Seemed it repeated many similar story beats from the 4th film.
I watched Indiana jones as a kid around  3 or 4 years old and I remember the emotions I was feeling even not understanding the movie. I just remembered the escaping of the booby traps and thought it was the coolest thing ever. The way he used his whip and the fights were so iconic as a kid. The big ball rolling, the spinning blades and the treasures he finds.  Dial of destiny actually gave me some of the feelings I had watching the original Jones movies as a kid.
This movie sucks. That's it. That is all.
For me personally the de-aging didnt bother me.  In fact after only a few seconds of thinking it looked pretty good, i forgit all about it and enjoyed the act.
A Review full of cope.
No I really disliked Crystal Skull but I actually have great sections nothing in Dial is much better than mediocre and redundant and familiar. I didn’t care about the new characters at all. It was dull.
It was better than not only Crystal Skull but also Temple of Doom which was not a very good movie but people just remember fondly from childhood.
It was very disappointing.
I enjoyed the video. For me I would enjoy more depth into the lore and history of the relics there hunting. But I'm glad you gave it alot of positivity for it. I agree with the lack of nuance in people now a day. I enjoyed this movie though. The nastolgia was at about 80% for me. Wish shortround was included but it won me over by the end. And indys awe at the end struck nicely for me.
Just like the last jedi he polishes a turd to keep his early access
Dial od Diarrhea more like it.... Thanks a lot Kathleen Kennedy and your panderstone 😎😎
I understood Indys "depression" due to having lost his son then his marriage fell apart but his god daughter and the dollar store short round feel like they are trying to replace Indy with another character. And the replacement felt forced.
As a historian major, it was pleasant seeing the Nazis fighting the Romans
All these films are adveturous, exciting, fast paced, and cleverly done. Saw Dial of Destiny yesterday, liked it, but did think it was very long. Left me with the impression that it was just an excuse to make a 'chase' film and the film was full of that. Cars chasing a horse, motor cycle chasing a horse, train chasing a horse, cars chasing a 3-wheeled cart, roof-top, chases, motor cycle chasing a plane, plane chasing a plane,  chase, chase chase......
Only kids won’t notice the de-aging? That’s snarky of you… They must have worked on the de-aging more for the home release, because I honestly don’t see an issue with it. And I always notice those things.. Don’t know what the complaints are about. Seems like Chris just wants to sugar coat his review, for the sake of what the original movies mean to him.
Reminds me of the last jedi review.....luke skywalker was perfect in the movie 🍿......miss me with all that 🧢
I just made my own Indy video essay!
The CGI was such a let down, like come on you got millions behind your budget! Also the casting was kinda bland and feminist cliche…
I liked this one better then kingdom the crystal skull actually.
This was the most depressing movie I have ever seen
either way I think this is one of the best de-aging I have seen so far. The voice is what took me away from it a little bit because it sounded like old HF rather than his young voice. But hey, we're getting there, its better every time. Remember Tron? didn't they do it first? what like 12 years ago? and you look at it now and you can see how weird it looks, but for that time it was kinda impressive, even if it wasn't perfect. We'll see how it will look 10 years from now
Don't you see how tthey bastardised Indiana Jones? Just like pretty every other major franchise it is fallen victim to woke points farming every studio now just has to do. :/ Bad CGI doesn't come even close to damage woke washing is dealing to movies.  Crystal Skull is a masterpiece compared to what we get now.
It's a nice return to formula and I definitely enjoyed it way more than Crystal Skull. Indiana Jones was never realistic, but it was grounded in some base real world logic. Religious magic of the first three was probably the closest and then they went overboard when they took aliens and had 0 historical relations to it. I'd say this time travel with greek history is about the same believability as Temple of Doom. Not as good as 1 and 3, but definitely way better than 4.
"Overall, I really enjoyed watching Dial of Destiny," says you.  I would've too if it had stuck to one hero's journey instead of trying to pursue several. That, coupled with a worthy opponent would've probably kept me from dozing off a few times. And the ending you're referring to was unforgivable. I do miss the days of Siskel and Ebert as well. I still watch their reviews. But they would've given this film a thumbs down.
I was kinda disappointed. Don't get me wrong - I think it was well done but the story bored me. I hate the fact that INdy was alone and living where he was. Great performance by him & Mads - who is incapable of giving a bad performance. I loved Phoebe Waller-Bridge in the movie but I felt detached from the film. Most of the time I was on my phone. This is as of right now my second least fav Indiana movie. I do like Crystal Skull a lot. Temple of Doom is a pile of garbage.
Having Mutt die in Vietnam is very heartbreaking, wish they touched upon that more.
This movie is really bad. Jürgen Voller should never have reappeared after his terrible train accident. How could adults have considered that a human being could survive such a shock? It's frightening, the level of stupidity that recognized adult filmmakers manage to produce.  I rewatched all four Indiana Jones recently and ultimately this whole saga is an insult to intelligence. All the dangers presented there are only decorative (a teenager who runs with a snake in his clothes without being bitten, a man bewitched by witchcraft who comes back to his senses after a slight burn by a kid,...) . The lack of seriousness is really strong in this saga and I said to myself that maybe for the finale, things would be different. Except that the thing I feared is exactly what occured. Brief!  After carefully watching several Spielberg films, I now know that he is very overrated.
After watching it's not as bad as people say, it has all the hallmarks, and Nazis, but it still lacks the charm of the originals. It would have been better if John Rhys-Davies joined them on the adventure, it would have made the last 16 minutes more impactful when he walked in the door.
If you like Indiana Jones DOD you might like Allan Quatermain and the Spear of Destiny
I always thought the best Indiana Jones film plot line would be a direct sequel to Raiders of The Lost Ark that ignores the other sequels a la Highlander 3. The synopsis could be: In 1938, The power of the Ark gets loose in Chicago and terrorizes the city, and Indiana Jones is called in to exorcize the Ark power. Then there would a sub plot of Indiana Jones being pursued by american nazi agents in Chicago who are trying to get him to lead them to the Ark.
The first two Indiana Jones films were the best. The others were not as good.
Something was missing and .....oh god the woman protagonist was super annoying especially how it was her character written,she was the worst thing in the movie. I really enjoyed the opening of the movie and the soundtrack , also I had no problem with de aging technology.
The movie was awesome i enjoyed it from start to finish people who complain really have nothing better to do.
I don't know what anyone saying. It's not on the level of 1 or 3 obviously. But it's just a good movie. When I saw the reviews, I thought it will be something like last Star Wars.
I liked this movie. That being said Indi’s godfather and her teenage friend were extremely unlikeable and that was my big probkem
I personally found the actress who played his god daughter to be insufferably irritating
the relation between indiana and helena is somewhat reminicent of the relation between indy and his father. though not to the same depth but we can draw some parallels to it
Yeah right his favourite character and he praises this movie😅😅😂😂😂
It was Awesome!
That's a biased review, maybe because you love indiana Jones character and the movies so much that makes you couldn't see the other annoying characters. Of course i liked the movie but cmon, don't tell me you dont see the other flaws
I was pleasantly surprised by the movie. Even though it did drag in parts it had enough adventure and heart to keep me engaged. It was definitely a better send-off for Indy than Crystal Skull was.
Let’s be real… even the first 3 films had big flaws.  Like they said in big bang theory, if Indy didn’t exist the ark would have still made it to the nazi base killing everyone. Indy did not help or hurt the ark at all.  Temple of doom had the most unrealistic underground mine cart system you could possibly imagine in todays movie standards.   Also Willie Scott should have burned to death the second the volcano doors opened. You can’t hang over a volcano more than 1 second without turning into a piece of bacon.   Crusade showed a torch dripping fire onto a tunnel full of petroleum and it didn’t explode yet a guy drops a match and it goes up in flames? Also Indy has depth of field so he would have seen the invisible bridge even without the sand.  All this being said if you already know these movies are ridiculous then you should have a good time.  Give us action with a cool tombraider dude… and you will have fun.
did chris took money? or maybe cannot give a partial observation because of his love of his indiana,.....   its not the de-aging.. its the voice behind the de-aging that ruined it for me...
It was entertaining to watch. But story was bad.
I don't it was de-aging, they deepfaked his younger face onto a double
I don't care what anybody thinks But I Actually I enjoyed this movie story, adventure and the characters. I like how everyone can has a problem with the de-aging as if that was the main problem with this but can't  find one with the original. Love the OG but were not going to act like they didn't play the same scene twice, they had toy soldiers in flames or show the cobra reflection on the glass still love that movie. And loved this one
boring movie
I thought this movie was great
Solid review, did not go to the crying department that seems to dominate youtube. MOst of the reviews nowadays seem to be about projecting your own disappointments in life to everything. So everything is about crying about women.
Totally agree with Chris! I accepted the movie as it is and thus enjoyed it.
We're almost to the point where they could do a new Indiana Jones that takes place entirely in the 1940's. The first part of the film that takes place at the end of WW2 was great. A few more little advancements in de-aging effects and it will be indistinguishable.
This was an awesome movie!
The Face de-aging looks horrible in the movie imo, i was very surprised how bad it looked
this movie was beyond boring and terrible.  shame on everybody involved with this disaster.
The whole film Looked green screen cartoon and garbage made crystal skull look Oscar worthy
Tired and predictable with a female co-lead who made her name by being fuc*ed in the arse...the sh^it you have to do these days to make a living.
I’ve been a fan of Indiana Jones for many years and the film itself is pretty good. However I don’t understand PWB roll ? she’s probably the worst actress I’ve ever seen in any movie. She is absolutely abysmal and so plastic, however I am gonna rate the film about 8/10....take her roll out of it and it’s pretty good.... I can see why she’s been sacked along with KK by Disney. She needs to stick to soap operas like EastEnders or Brookside.
That female lead was btch character i hated that, she was wannabe modern feminist , made indy look stupid wtf
I was hearing a lot bad things about movie, I almost didn't watch it, I was afraid they will ruin this entire franchise and my memory of Indiana Jones...But actually movie is really good.. If people are criticizing movie just because CGI isues..FU THEM! Movie has everything that Indiana Jones movie needs to have you watch it you don't feel bored, and you want to know more about history..Is it best movie so far? No..Is it perfect? No. But is it shit movie? No as well..
I didn't like the kid as well, and the trigger happy baddies was also plastic somehow. whelp.
I actually liked the movie..
I didn't notice the deaging at all, and I was looking for it. Many people have said they noticed it, many have said they haven't.
lol Chris is just responding to Jerremy Jahns bs without mentioning him
DON'T BY, DON'T RENT...JUST RUN!!! Indiana Jones: The Dial of WOKENESS! Disney has completely ruined every movie series it's touched. Star Wars, RUINED! Snow White, RUINED! Peter Pan, RUINED! Little Mermaid, RUINED! Plus more. And now they've destroyed Indiana Jones! Movies should be made in another country and not Hollywood anymore, the USA has gone completely woke, ideological, pandering and political. Trying to please the radicalized 2% of the population by screwing over the 98% that just want a good movie.
Just saw the movie and every chase was way too long.  It felt i was watching Mission Indianapossible, instead of TC running, it would be Indy using his whip to get out of the situation.  The only part that felt Indiana Jones was the third act when they were looking for the other half of the dial and before they ran out of ideas and had Indy time travel.  Everything is all about action now not quality story telling where the magic really is.
Let me guess...Chris likes it......useless channel
Kind Regards to your Mom! It is a blessing to be able to handle movies und the resulting enjoyment like that.
I truly loved this movie with all my heart, and I cried at the end, fitting to the last movie with Indiana Jones played by Harisson Ford.
Stuckmann? More Dickmann... Disney swedish bombs right into his mouth
It's not perfect BUT it's a thousand times better than the endless "superhero's in universes battling men in robot's suits smashing and smashing and smashing" movies that are churned out every week! Boy I miss the 80's! The de-aging is fine, the 3rd act is great and the finish is wonderful. Half the cinema was crying! Great movie!
Loved dial of destiny. I cried. Better than temple of doom. This is my Indy 3.
I am glad to hear that you had a better time with this movie than I did. for me the script had far too many lazy plot hole fixes and disposable characters, and the camera work did not lend itself to establishing shots to create a globe trotting wonder that Indiana Jones invigorates.  As an Australian I genuinely wish to know why Helena Shaw was nicknamed Wombat.  Antonio Banderas was wasted in this film, as his character really had no depth to his connection to Indy's past, I felt like I learnt more about the busboy in Temple of Doom with a quarter of the screen time.  The final scene was begging for nostalgia to have you leave the cinema with warm feeling but it felt camp and forced. A lot of talent went into this film, but it felt like the movie they all signed up for to make was overcooked and left me wishing for a shorter runtime.
This was one of the most boring movies I’ve ever seen. Worst movie I’ve seen in years.
4:45 TOTALLY AGREE! This internet culture of GOOD or BAD is so shitty. A movie cant just be good or just alright or fun. Everything needs to be nitpicked
Why is his bar a bad older movie?
This movie was horrible
Watchef it yesterday and was positively surprised! Especialy the first, classic scene is incredible! I was expecting far worse and found myself enjoying it quite much. Got a bit of heartache seeing our beloved Indy/Harrison Ford so old, but loved seeing him again. No perfect movie, but great IMO.
My favorite part of it was the fact that Harrison Ford was clearly having a lot of fun.
Sorry Chris,this film is terrible.
please make a video of your review in 6 months, when you really watch this movie
Kamala harris should have been in this film about 'time'
Isn't this guy a liar and a fake?
I enjoyed it.   It was good.
Just say your opinion. You don’t have to justify it…
I had a lot of fun with this movie, I left with a smile in my face. I really enjoyed it!
saw the movie two days ago and wow, this was way better than crystal skull. didn't expect that
chris, this movie was borderline braindead, please stop fanboying...
I liked Crystal Skull, the ending however is lacking , for a better word.  All the riches wash away and I think he should have grabbed some treasures to take to a museum etc that would be in Indiana's character, the wedding was fine and the hat in the wind I liked too
Hey Chris, similar sentiments to what Indiana Jones means to me. I'm almost 40 years old and the first movie I'd ever see in theatres was Last Crusade in '89 when I lived in Greece; I went with my parents when I was only 5 years old. We moved from Greece to Canada the next year. I took my parents to see Dial of Destiny last night and relived our experience 34 years ago... when Indy wanted to stay in the past, we all started to tear up.. and the waterworks really went off when Marion came onscreen at the end. We're a Polish family with a strong sentiment for our time in Greece... Dial of Destiny felt like it was written for us. We all loved it.
Where can I see your fam films?
* LEGEND has it I sent my unpublished novel (no one else has ever received) entitled: ‘Indiana Jones and the Spear of Destiny’ to Mr. Spielberg in 2012 and some of it inspired the Dial of Destiny. So don’t loose hope because I will be making the next Indy film at Disney with a new Indy actor. The picture takes place 6 months after Raiders.
Cool VHS Tape Library!
Chris, you are a sell out.
"The first 20 minutes is so well directed..so well staged...and extremely exciting."  I knew I was face-planted in a total snoozefest when the first 20 minutes almost put me to sleep. This is a HORRIBLE Indiana Jones movie. At least with Crystal Skull we had the Spielberg flair to many scenes. We got nothing of the kind with Dial of Destiny. Every action scene was nothing but a total bore.   You know you're in a bad movie when the guy behind you is sawing logs. I actually envied him.
Sorry Chris. I used to love your reviews because they were so honest and to the point. Now you are just kissing Hollywoods Ass! Sad. Indiana Jones and the Dial of Desaster is a terrible movie. Even Roger Ebert would have agreed on that. It is unworthy! Und you sugarconing it, is the last sign I needed, that you are no more a film fanatic and a film critic but a puppet of Hollywood😢 I cannot even say how sad I am about that. We've lost you to hypocritic money grabbing companies like disney, who make sad clowns out of legendary characters like Indy and use you to say: it's not so bad! Bull! Total bull!
I didn't realise that I already liked a lot of Mangold's work prior to Logan, but I can't say I'm surprised. His directing is always good, even if the material may not be, so I'll go into this with the correct expectations
"At the end of the day, I do think that the film has more positives than it does negatives."  There is nothing positive to even say about current-day Disney and current-day Lucasfilm and their questionable storytelling choices that absolutely *destroyed* what they once were.
I can’t believe Christ Stuckmann a “movie critic” called this movie well written. This is some of the worst writing in a movie I have seen. Honestly I thought this move was awful and much worse than Crystal Skull and I hate Crystal Skull. The villains motivation was not good it mad no sense and was stupid and the time travel element just should not have been in the movie at all. I’m really disappointed that we keep getting movies with so little thought put into the script and then people call them well written. If Chris enjoyed this movie that’s fine but the writing was not good not even in the prologue. Way too many things that don’t make sense if you just look a little bit deeper than the surface which I feel Stuckmann did not
As amazing as the prologue is (arguably the best part of the whole movie), it could have been alluded to and we could have saved 25 minutes of time.
At least it was better than crystal skull
Right ok how much were you paid
Sry,   not my adventure any more..  I am getting off Now.
Crystal Skull hate us crazy. It’s way better than dial of destiny. Glad critics on RT agree
I have watched around 15 reviews in the last 3 days, all of them were positive. I was a fan of Stuckmann years ago, wanted to see what is going on now. Insane how he manages to spin this just to paint the movie in a favorable light. How much are they paying him now?
First act was great, second was ok but too long, third was problematic
Shelby oaks has my support since day one!
The movie is terrible
Great, honest review, Chris. I'm going to watch it this Saturday and am sure I'll enjoy if for what it is.
Whyd you ghost Flickpick?
Totally agree with what you said about nuance when it comes to film discussion, wish we had more of that.
Not only could I not get past the CGI in the first scene - I think it actually ruined the whole movie for me. It just came across as so fake and phony that I couldn't respect anything that came afterward.
She is very good in the FILM !????!! 🤦🤦‍♂🤦‍♀ ---- This movie SUCKKS !  *the worst characters *The worst SCRIPT
I also liked the part where Gandolf yells " YOU SHALL NOT PASS"!!!!
I really enjoyed it, perhaps because I am older but it’s definetly a good addition to the series
Gotta say I saw it today and did not have high hopes. But I think think it’s going to be seen (as time goes on) as on par with Temple of Doom. Not the best in the franchise but in no way is it a bad film. I think the franchise is better off with this addition than if it wasn’t made
I thought the villain Mads Mikkelsen stole the show and reminded of how Whicked he was in "Casino Royal" two thumbs for The Dial of destiny! 😊 P.S. God bless you Chris!
This movie was atrocious.      ...and teal and orange.   All of it.    Action scenes obnoxious.   Annoying, painful to watch.   disappointing.   Shameful.
This bloke is so wet, he never bad mouths any film I swear
Stuckmann has become a rather tough listen.  He's pulling back on his criticism too much.
I loved it. Absolutely loved it. I also wholeheartedly agree with most all of your thoughts here. I'm drinking the kool-aid on this one, but I KNOW I'm drinking the kool-aid, I'm willingly doing it and it's making the film a little bit better. A lot bit better. I loved it. No matter how you slice it, it's better than Crystal Skull through and through. It's not *quite* as good as Temple or Crusade, but IMO it's VERY close. And of course, nothing touches Raiders. Nothing has. Nothing will. I think Dial is fun as hell and did away with most of the mugging, self-awareness and poor dialogue that plagued Crystal Skull.
Watching reviews like these made me realise how pointless movie reviews are and the only true barometer of a movie's quality is whether YOU like it or not
MR CAR HAS REPLACED JONES,LOL JONES JUST TO DAMN OLD!!!!!!! AND DISNEY RUNIED IT ALL,LOL😂😂😂😂
I though after Kingdom of Crystal Skull, they couldn't  make it anything worser. Boy was I wrong!!!!
I liked it too. But even what we liked in it could have been so much stronger.   The time travel thing could have been the perfect excuse to make this story a far better swan song. The present time could have had speculative talk about changing the specific events of the first 4 movies that we have an emotional connection to. Make saving Mut's life not just referenced but an actual plot point. Make the Shaw character the child of a character we know already like Marcus Brodie or a former villain. Then, all the de-aged flashbacks should have been revealed, at the end, to have been Indy transported into his young body via the magoffin. Something along those lines.  The original trilogy is a call-back to the old B-movie serials. With the time travel mcguffin, this could have been a call-back to the original trilogy! And of course, in the end, he has to do what he always does, protect history! Just this one last time, it's literal. The original trilogy (events) "belong in a museum", not exploited for profit. Damn, that could have been powerful! The good kind of meta fan service.  ...And they did need to let Indy make the right choice in the end. To end Indiana effing Jones succumbing to despair and having a character who was unfortunately "written" as irredeemably immoral (in my opinion), force him to make the right choice? She could have been paramount in influencing him, but Indy is the manifestation of the audience. Have him in that dark place at the beginning, middle, and the last second, sure. But to end this character's entire legacy that way? Nah.
I did not find any fault with the de-aging. I actually thought they filmed some scenes when Harrison was younger to be used later in this movie. Yes, I know that sounds crazy.
It is a horrible movie, there is nothi g good there, an insult to H. Ford and Indiana. There is no other way to put it, sadly.
Crystal is better than destiny, not fun at all
Boycott Disney
Id kill just for a fully live action movie like this
Dial was absolutely amazing
Kotcs will age better than dod
Why does the villains want the dial of destiny for?
P. W. Bridge was just awful, hard to watch and listen to. Action was boring and almost 90% CGI (tok tok scene), only interesting thing happens 10 min till the end so 4/10 at best.
I loved it it's the best movie I've seen in a long time good storyline wasn't cheesy loved how they did the CGI on his face looks real I like the fact they done from in the past of how it looked and the presents loved the girl loves the action would love to see more of her my best advice is watch it yourself don't rely on or blogger review go and watch it
did Disney bribe you to make this absolute dishonest review???I am out of your channel, you are very fishy
They need to stop with the indiana jones movies. They are killing it.
Loved the movie. Love them ALL. I found Dial to be a really solid ending to this legendary character.
I've watched (tried to watch) your "reviews" for more than 4+ years. You NEVER talk about the plot, goals, setup, character arcs or anything about the actual movie itself. Even the comment section is full of nothingness. 2.03 subbers? Why? What am I supposed to get from your emptiness? 17:18 more time to watch The Critical Drinker!!!!!!! - An x subber.
I watched you when you had less than 5000 subs and I feel embarrassed for you that you have to shill this hard... so unauthentic!
The only way this film wouldn't bomb is if the title was called "Indian Jones Returns"
@Chris Stuckmann would you please review Sound of Freedom? Apparently, it beat Indy Jones at the box office!
the movie was great and better than  kingdom crap...they should have made 5 movies for the last 20 years...the start with the germans is great....and they should have replaced the idiot kid with a mature short round...7/10
DISAGREE , FIRDT  time :( but we can agreed to disagree. Crystal was better!!
W mom
CHRIS, WHERE IS THE SOUND OF FREEDOM REVIEW????!!!!!!!
Once go woke, will go broke.
Can’t believe I’m saying this… watching crystal skull, and 1 hour 22 minutes in it’s not bad compared to Dial of Destiny.  Actually enjoying it somewhat and Indiana is clearly the main character, as he should be. Don’t get me wrong, crystal skull was not a great movie but the spirit of Indiana was present, unlike Dial.
I`m sorry, but this movie is shit, plain and simple. I think nostalgia made you appreciate it and that`s sad, 'cause thats what Disney was looking for. A waste of time and money, especially for them 😜 👎
I love this nuanced review with a lot in it that I agree with. I enjoyed this film as well, in fact finding the last scene very poignant. I would recommend this film and will no doubt see it again sometime.
Just out of the cinema and I clapped at the end. Seeing my childhood hero again was epic, amazing and emotional at the same time. Though I can't agree with the de-aging as I thought it was actually good. Overall I'm really happy that they did the character justice and gave us one more Indiana Jones Adventure :)
It was a cunt of a movie, as was Top Gun: Maverick.
To me, the opening was the best part of the movie. Yes, CGIndy was a little distracting, but the stunts, staging, and action were classic Indiana Jones. I loved the music and how everything wrapped up that it could have just slapped "The End" after it, and I would have been satisfied. After it was done, I was ready to walkout of the theater saying, "That was great!" It felt like an Indiana Jones short film, and I loved it.
Why you shilling for Disney so hard?
This is going to become a classic 👌🏿
I just watched it and I think its the best one I didnt even notice the deaging actually forgot to even look for it.I actually preffer the older cranky more down to Earth Indianna
The deaging reminded me of Tron Legacy.  could of been better. And making the god daughter a simplistic common thief wasn't very inspired. And shouldn't Jones have a better living arrangement? I thought he was good at his job.
Why do you refuse to review Sound of Freedom?
I just wish it was shorter and less CGI street racing, the murky dark tone to the film spoiled it for me aswell
I honestly did not realize he was de-aged. I was just thinking, wow he looks really young still
Chris thanks for opening a nuanced discourse on this movie. 🙏 While I knew he'd been deaged, I actually thought it looked great it didn't pull me out of the film. That opening scene was really a treat to see young Harrison as indy one last time.
Crystal skull was better . It felt more indy .
Seems like we’ve reached a point where CGI is so good that action movies have become more boring in general. In terms of special effects, nothing much impresses anymore and so no matter how elaborate an action scene is, it feels like garbage time in the movie and is a bit of a chore to sit through. Train top fights and car chases are just flat out boring. The bad guys chase the good guys for what feels like 30-40-% of the movie. We know the bad guys will get the antikythena eventually. We know nobody’s dying in the car chases, we know someone will be knocked off the motorcycles and the train.  That stuff was entertaining decades ago but not as much nowadays.
This year you should dress up as Josh Gates. Doppelganger
Lol wait until the nostalgia fades off and it'll be like how the star wars prequels or how crystal skull was. Stop shilling for this movie.
Trash 🗑️👎🏼 if anyone tells you it's good, they have to be related to Harrison Ford. Dial of destiny is super trash. No one should watch this movie. I stopped watching it halfway 👎🏼🗑️👎🏼🗑️
I wonder,  would you support an effort to have a new actor play Indy?
I haven’t seen it yet. But I find it interesting that the third part of the movie is the week part. Part 1, 3 and 4 all had interesting ends but did not exist of action. Due to that I like the last 15 minutes of temple of doom best (while I like part 1 and 3 most overall).
Siskel and Ebert were the best ever reviewers.
Hey Chris I'm waiting for your review of Sound of Freedom
I have been a fan of your channel for a long time. I saw your review and went to watch the movie feeling optimistic, but this movie was thoroughly boring for me. As the others have said, the de-aging was fine. It was the characterization and writing which was just horrendous.
Finally, a positive review. Can always count on Chris to give a fair and unemotional review.
I like how deep fake indie still sounds like an old man lol
I enjoyed it a lot blew Crystal Skull out of the water. Ford won’t admit it but I think he wanted this last one to make up for The Crystal Skull.
Your review honestly hurt your film review credibility in my opinion. Films are subjective I get it but I honestly started to think if you might be on Kathleen Kennedys  payroll.
Finally an intelligent, positive review of this VERY excellent movie. I think I liked it even more than you. And now you also have a new subscriber!
Disagree that it wasn’t a great Indiana Jones movie, lotta people think Temple of Doom was a great Indiana Jones movie and that one sucked to me personally
How about doing a review on the movie.. the sound of freedom. Did you see it ?
Another disney masterpiece 😂
My idea for the opening scene of Indiana Jone #6 movie is that Indy pushes the Phoebe Waller-Bridge character into an active volcano.  Once that bit of garbage is disposed with, the movie and Harrison Ford can turn to having non-woke fun.
Wasn't a big fan, unfortunately. The de-aging didn't bug me but the endless chases just got a little repetitive tbh. It felt like watching A chasing B chasing C for 2 hours, along with an alarming body count. Good performances and great film making, but I didn't find the story compelling at all and it kind of felt like a nostalgia money grab. Let's face it - if the other movies didn't exist, this film would be a little sad.
So glad this movie flopped. It’s time we stop praising Disney for doing the bare minimum. We skeptics will be the ones that save cinema.
While I understand and even applaud your desire to see the positive, throwing any shade on other reviewers because they highlight issues you don’t see is somewhat ironic. You’re on the same platform espousing your opinion just as they are. As for the film, look. Mads plays ‘Mads Sinister Character’ that he trots out, Indy has been utterly deconstructed and PWB is smug, self-centred and completely unlikable. Who do I root for? Why does anyone want to see a downbeat, alcoholic Indiana Jones? Yes, the score is amazing, but otherwise.. there is a reason this is going to lose hundreds of millions of dollars.
😂 this...😂
This is why filmmakers need to go, well... Indie. When a franchise is literally in the business of stealing your money and your time, we as film afficiados need to turn our backs on such unapologetic mediocrity. The film looks like it should be played, not watched. The script and direction is futile, safe and lacks any of Spielberg's palpable tension, physical effects and erudite suspense. The Dial of destiny is turned down to a frigid below celcius. Instead of worrying so much about de-aging, the focus should have been on re-enaging the audience with a whip-smart script, dynamic characters and bold, risk taking direction. This whole franchise is nothing more than a Template of Doom.
Loved last crusade & raiders of ht lost ark(have not seen the whole movie yet)
Expectation for sequels are VALID! Sequels should please the fans of the franchise, or it is no longer part of the franchise. Much like how Top Gun Maverick, Blade Runner 2049, Live Free and Die Hard were great sequels after a long dormancy. T2 more than gave fulfilled expectations. They should make a worthy movie, or not try at all.
No everyone is not talking about deaging. They talk about elephant in the room you avoided 😅
I like your approach to film review. Many others on this platform just savage this film. Your more even handed analysis gives me permission to go see the movie for myself. I'm more like your mother as to seeing a film. I'm there to enjoy myself not to perform a scene by scene postmortem, that's always been my ' beef' with film critics. I'm not watching the same things that they are. If they want to purists fine but I'm not. So I look for reviewers like you who understand your mother and I. I have a feeling I'm going to enjoy this film now when I see it.
At the end of the day, none of the indiana jones movies are masterpieces and are solely for fun. There are two spoiler moments that didnt sit well but most of it was fine.  All the movies are formulaic and its been fun seeing him over the years.
What I didn’t like about this movie and why I think this is the worst of the franchise, is it’s void of humor and boring at times. Kingdom of the Crystal Skull was bad, but at least laugh out loud bad. But Indy was FUN in that movie. Indy was NOT fun in this movie. Yes, the intro was okay, but it should’ve stopped there then. I dunno… i went with low expectations and was still utterly dissapointed.
R.I.P Dr Indiana Jones you deserved much better 🫡🇺🇲
It was an entertaining movie. Agreed it was not great, but good. I had fun, liked it better then crystal skulls. Strange to see the strongly negative reviews from others
Chris why don’t you review Sound of Freedom? It’s too important of a film not to review.
If Tim Burton can do beetle juice and then make the Batman movie. Which are the best movies to watch on any day. Then any director should be able to make a great film if they serious about film tho.
I feel like the ppl who make the Batman games or the Uncharted games could make a very good Indiana Jones game.
I'm going to go see this movie anyway. Bac to the future and Indiana Jones, Ferris buellers day off are apart of my teenage years 😂😂😂😂😂. Oh the memories.
I thoroughly enjoyed this  film and I was quite surprised after the last one.   I think the movie brought a great sense of closure to the franchise. I do hope they come up with another Indiana Jones type character who is much younger. I don’t know if they could continue the franchise aka James Bond and still have some great movies. Harrison Ford would be very hard to replace.
So are you going to review Sounf Of Freedom? I would like your take on the movie.
Didnt care for it.  Im so sick of disney reboots and spin-offs.
I always loved Indiana I have to say I was not expecting much from it since I know Harrison was getting old, the de aging was great. I loved the start but as they got into the whole irritating god daughter kinda took it down a lot sadly she didnt make a lot of sense to me over all I guess I liked it more than I didnt. The action sequence were still great so  its still an Indiana movie
It seems that you won't be able to not like anything anymore BECAUSE YOU ARE MAKING FILMS
Just cause you may like a movie that doesn’t make it good
The one thing I didn't like is that Helena was made to be the hero. There goes Kathleen Kennedy again. I have nothing against women being the heroes in film, but ..... A. this franchise belongs to Indy. B. Leave politics out of movies.
CHRIS?!?!?!?! HOW MUCH DID YOU GET PAID TO LIE ABOUT THIS HORRIBLE MOVIE THAT LITERALLY DESTROYED IT'S FRANCHISE?!?!?!?!?
Greetings from Holland!
What all the critics say, 😂…. I loved the movie ! ..go watch and see for yourself..like The abyss , all the critics talked it down .. but the public loved it  This Indiana film was fun and full of action .It had the feeling like the old days of Indiana ingebroken I give it ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
You lost me when you said this is better than Crystall Skulls
I thought it was a 5/10. Good 15 minute intro,   Mostly bored thereafter, some serviceable chase scenes. But worst part for me is Indy isn't doing much in this movie. He seems part of the background in many of the important scenes. His action scenes aren't compelling.  No, it is not because of his age.  In fact the stuff he does in the car chase scene is unbelievable, as in not believable because of his age. His chemistry with his god daughter is just a drag.
Thank you for the great review. I enjoyed the movie very much, it was a great adventure.
I honestly loved this movie, and that last scene had me tearing up too 🤌
Just saw the movie and I really liked it. I hated Crystal Skull, but this movie was SO much better. I usually don’t like time travel stuff in movies much, but the way they did it in this one was actually really good.
Yes!  Yes!!  Yes!!!! I trust your reviews more than literally anyone at this point.  You provide all the right nuances.  The way you feel almost perfectly describes the way I feel as well!
Guys, Chris grew up with Indiana Jones...
I just finished watching this and I loved it. For me it ties with Temple of Doom in terms of favorites of the Indy movies. If adventure has a name it must be….
Well your mom sounds like a great person to be around honestly cause I'm the exact same way when it comes to just going to the movies
I was actually impressed by the deaging 😂 Great tech
Sorry, I think you saw a different movie to the rest of us, because it was garbage.
I dug it. Good flick.
Talk about pulling punches, this movie is woke garbage nothing more.
Just saw it.  I loved it
I really enjoyed this movie.   My first Indiana Jones movie I watched fully was Kingdom of crystal skull and I just thought it was bizarre.   I had seen bits and bobs of the originals but never all the same way through so I decided to watch them all before watching dial of destiny and I have to admit I think people are thinking back to the old ones with rose tinted glasses. Raiders of the lost ark is decent but the 2nd act of the film is a bit tiresome.  Temple of doom in my opinion is a flat out mess and rivals diamond of the crystal skull, its so terrible and makes no sense. You have a man that can take out hearts but then doesn't when the woman is about to be scarified, hundreds of henchmen but take about an hour to stop Indy stopping the levy, there are so many terrible flaws.  The last Crusade I actually really like and its probably my favourite and then I would honestly say this Dial of destiny is my 2nd favourite, there's still stupid moments but from watching the others stupid moments seem to be a theme.
I would love to be as naive Chris became over time. Amazing how he over explains simple aspects of the movie trying to make them look well accomplished. Every movie is great for Chris lately.
The thing that I noticed with the absence of Spielberg is the staging, it’s not the first thing you think about but when it’s done right it adds that touch of magic,
Thank you! I absolutely agree with your nuanced opinion. Just came out of the theater. Dial of Destiny is entertaining, mostly well written and makes good character choices, though never coming close to the magic of the original trilogy. But how could it really? Way worse sequels out there.
TWO MINUTES in and he's already making EXCUSES for the film. YEP...he's SOLD OUT
Sorry, man. Not with you on this one. I will agree that the first 20 mins or so of the movie were great, and I felt like it might actually be a good movie for a change compared to the garbage we usually get in terms of reboots or sequels to stories that have already ended. But by god, the movie turned out to be terrible. Crystal Skull was 10 times better than this mess, I don't know how you couldn't see that. At the end of the day, I am absolutely sick of seeing rehashed shit. I'm sick of it, and I know others are too. Leave the old stories where they belong, in the past. Create new stories, come up with new ideas! Hollywood is in such a dire state, it's laughable. And I feel like we all contribute to this cycle of shit with the money we pay to see this garbage. We need to stop.
Nope. No Spielberg? I’ll pass.
This movie was a JOKE. This is a disgrace. How much were you paid to shill?
Filmic ??? Really??? It looks like a giant CGI mess. The movie kinda sucked and I left the theater thinking is this really much better than Crystal Skull…..that shouldn’t be something I should be thinking about it
I havent seen this one yet but i already feel like they killed it with "kingdom of the crystal skull" Movies fail to feel like a continuation of the series nowadays. I think they very spirit that made them what they are was a product of the times and any attempt to do it nowadays is a hollow characature of its former self. Its like a fan made imitation rather than the real deal. Crystal skull felt that way and it was even directed by spielberg himself! It goes to show!
I'm so shocked at all the negative reviews about this movie. Don't believe any of the hype train bad reviews out there! So many click thirsty influencers are just copy/pasting these review videos for cash views. None of them are qualified to review movies.  I didn't want to go see it myself after watching all the bad reviews and how all the theatres were empty etc. But  my wife dragged me there tonight. I was blown away at how good this movie was. Absolutely none of the negative reviews were accurate. The CGI was good, the characters were well developed, Ford's performance was just as exciting as all the other movies and he's fkn 80! Dude's body is solid muscle omfg. These influencer first reviews are not from qualified film critics, they don't know the first thing about film history or what solid writing/directing is about.   This movie completely delivered on all fronts. Definitely one of the last great adventure movies we'll get. I'm no fan of Disney trust me, but this movie is not bad it's even very very good. The effect these trigger happy negative reviews have had on the movie is tragic. Just go see it yourself and make your own adult opinion.
Just got back from seeing this film at the cinema. Personally, I have to say I didn't love it and it just didn't really land for me. I felt its runtime was a little stretched and missed the feeling and charm of the other films. That's not to say I thought it was awful, still a fairly entertaining 2 and a half hours and great to see Harrison Ford don the hat one last time. The original trilogy is untouched, but for me, I prefer Crystal Skull to this one - a film that many seemed to really dislike, but one that I personally still really enjoy and think was underappreciated. Still, I love it when people have different opinions/experiences of films to me and I love that many seemed to really enjoy this one! It's all subjective at the end of the day!
the musical scoring is 🙌 and you can see and feel how they wrap this up beautifully as it ends
Saw this after hearing all the negative reviews and I was surprised at how much I liked it. A few moments here and there that were eh, but overall a very fun and entertaining movie
When you spend your time relating the movie to another movie, you really can't save the movie.
Ive heard bad things about the film from the peeps ive talked to... butttt that might make me lower my expectations and like it overall
If you are okay with sub par or mediocre. That is what you will continue to get. 🐑
I haven't seen this guy's reviews in a long time because he seems to have gotten more and more politically correct. I came here to see if he was still a hack and I wasn't disappointed. This guy is an absolute coward. Don't look to him for any real review.
I went in with low expectations and got rewarded with fun surprises!
Truly 1 of the worst movies I have seen, & Waller-Bridge's character is horrendously annoying. Just bad.
Indiana Jones 5th Movie is Kinda Meh but A good Indiana Jones Film But not near as Trilogy Which I Really Enjoyed. The Story is Stupid, nahh just kidding its Average as possible. i wish it would have an Adventurous Desert Scene in 5th movie. but its enjoyable.
The only people dissatisfied with movies to the point they’re fuming these days are those that are too caught up in the politics of filmmaking.   Whether it’s Disney or WB, Marvel or DC - when I go in to see these movies I go because I want to, despite the politics.   My only gripe about the movie? The abundance of action sequences were a hard sell for me because I’m aware of how old both Harrison Ford and Indy are and it’s hard to suspend my disbelief at some of the things that happened in this movie - the same way I couldn’t believe Indy was dragged 3 miles in Raiders with little more than scrapes on his chest.
I’m really curious how they write off his wife and son from the last movie. Obviously that movie setup that Shia Labouf was supposed to take up the mantle of Indiana Jones and we all know how Shia went off the deep end after that movie. I think he’s evened out since then but I don’t think Shia is as eager to do these movies as he once did.
Review Sound of Freedom!
I'm glad what you said about the binary nature of film criticism! Every time a new movie comes out I either hear it's amazing or it's awful. It is perfectly fine for a movie to just be okay. I think it makes it more interesting because you can distinguish what works and what doesn't. Dial of Destiny was on the high end of okay for me certainly better than Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
In less than a year, he'll admit the movie was horrible.
You JUST can't say that Indiana Jones is your favorite charcater of all time and then go on to say that this movie is good. We all know it's S***T.  That Indie statue behind you is looking at you in absolute disbelief :( ... sad  day, very sad
Mangold made a mess of this. Too many apoons in the soup. KK? Wtf.
I don’t know, man. This is coming from the same guy who thought The Last Jedi was a good movie.
"Kalimaaaaaaaaa....Shakditay!!!"
I saw the review score before I went to see it but I was very pleasantly surprised and it’s one of my favourite Indy movies, maybe even my favourite 🤣  The de-aging didn’t bother me one bit  One criticism is that it felt very similar in parts to the last film I watched at the cinema, No time to Die, an aging hero speeding around similar locations with companions, there’s even a fight on a similar fishing boat.
Crystal Skull's rock bottom was "Mac," charmless, boring sidekick with no personality, whom Indy trusts after repeated betrayals. shia labeouf my ass, Mac was Indy rock bottom.
I like that Stuckmann sticks to criticism of the film itself. It wouldve been a lot easier for him if he jumped on the hate bandwagon and made 50 consecutive videos about how "Phoebe/Kathleen hates fans!, etc" and it would've been easy clicks and views for him. Instead, he sticks to the film itself and doesnt fall for the drama 👍🏾 the way film criticism should be (even if on this one we have opposite opinions because i didnt like DOD but i value Stuckmann's opinion because he remains professional)
This movie is pure garbage 🗑 . Indy fans trying to find every grain of salt. Face it the final two films are absolutely 💯 trash.
My mother is what got me into films! You have an awesome mother Chris! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯
want to have a little mother simple comment for upcoming movie review videos if appropiate, I agree that her opinion reflects another useful perspective
Your comment about de-aging is odd.  It's not my job to make the filmmaker's choices work. It's why modern films suck - because we cut them too much slack.
Did Harrison Ford received any money for this role? Since he gave it his all...
Indiana Jones and the Goddaughter from Hell. Go away, woke cinema! Nobody wants you. Nobody neeeds you!
Where is the spoilers video?
WTF is this guy talking about..??
My husband saw the new Indiana Jones movie, we liked it a lot. I had heard it was terrible. And I think that was good as then I was not waiting for it to make my day instead I was expecting it to be terrible and mostly because I thought Disney was going to use this film to kill Indy off like they did with Luke Skywalker and make Indy look to be a total disappointment. Instead Lucas Arts was still involved and the blend of how Disney can make wonderful screen effects was really terrific.   I was glad to see Marion at the end of the film and that this relationship is still important for both of them, it made me come to tears.   The movie touched on the previous movies themes so fans could relate and it was nice to see some old characters.   All and all, when it is available on Blu-Ray, I’m sure that my husband will be adding this to our collection.   I will admit that I kept looking at the woman playing the lead in this film and wondering if this was an actual woman or a tranny as it seems that Disney like to rub the audience in their wokeness which the audience loathe when they did StarWars films. I concluded that this is an athletic woman of British descent, albeit, not a pretty one. She was good at her role and Harrison Ford did not seem too old for playing this part.   Two thumbs up!
Unsubbed. That’s the last straw. This man is not a reviewer. He’s a studio sycophant.
The deageing isn’t perfect but it’s pretty good. I reckon for what it is, it worked well. The technology isn’t perfect but it just about brought back young indie if only by a little bit
I really enjoyed this movie. Harrison gives everything that he has to the role of Indy like always. I liked a lot of the other characters a lot as well. Helena was great and Mads killed it as the villain like he always does. The ending made me tear up for obvious reasons
Honestly my only big gripe was the pacing. I think it was actually a really nice time for the most part, and I would say I enjoyed it more than some of the og trilogy movies, which I think also suffer from pacing issues. I never watched them as a kid so I don’t really have much nostalgia attached to them I guess. But this movie had some huge highlights for me and I loved Phoebe Waller-Bridge in this. I thought she was really funny though maybe the tone of the movie didn’t always allow for her humour to shine (I noticed I was one of the only people in the cinema laughing at her jokes lmao)
Pretty sure this guy loved The Force Awakens ! How does someone who enjoys Disney this much, even have time to make a movie ?
I think Stuckmann is drinking the kool aid again! Everyone else I have herd said the movie is Crap-tastic.
I wonder what the creators of South Park thought about this movie
I turned 42 this year and I don't mind saying that by the end of this movie I was in tears. I've grown with Dr. Jones and truly loved seeing him on one last adventure on the big screen.
I respect your opinion although I don't share it, I think the film could have been good and they had all the actors, directors and resources to make it, but they delivered us crap.
This movie is just a vehicle to introduce Helena. The problem is she's extremely unlikeable and disrespectful towards the saga's main character. Who thought that was a good idea?
F***Pheebee, F***Wokecinema
Chris what a review, I'm really pleased, always learning from you. 😊
I feel like the pandemic has convinced so many people that they're film critics now because they've spent so much time online and absorbed all of the worst cynicism and impulses like dismissing a film before it comes out, bandwagonning on one particular aspect rather than the whole film, and assuming every new entry in a franchise is a lazy cashgrab while neglecting the clear passion and talent put into many of them. The mental gymnastics needed to justify that "The Snyder Cut is exactly the same", that "Tenet is stupid," or that "Turning Red is woke" really shows how terrible the state of audiences is right now. The fact that all you said was that "it's not a classic but it's still good" and have rational explanations for why you think that yet have this many dislikes just for not bashing it like they want you to is pathetic.
Everyone is talking here about the de-aging scenes. The beauty of the filming. The great job Harrison Ford does. The acting of Waller-Bridge. The realism of scenes when talking about the truths of aging and recognizing the history of the character of Indiana Jones. What is hardly covered, and is a  huge flaw in this review , is the absolute failure of the writers of this movie. The story has so many wholes it is not acceptable. $300 million for this? Sorry Chris, but this film IS AWFUL! I hope nothing but success for your film and sincerely hope that Shelby Oaks is a story focused film and you are not getting hung up on the BEAUTY over STORY ideals that Disney  obviously believes in. It is a tried and true failed endeavor. Good writing that creates an intriguing plot and great character development is much more successful than a pretty movie!!!
The movie is bad. Character destruction complete. Franchise death achieved. The hat, the whip, the music - these are the elements trying to lure you in. Adds to a very long list of beloved characters/ lores that have been wiped out by the newcomers....
I did not expect to like this movie but fell in  love with it.
You're way too hung up on nostalgia. People like this is the reason why every big sequel of classics are 50% (or more) nostalgia catering and what little remains an actual story. Dial of Destiny is a decent movie but it could have been much better.
Remember the film writers are striking, yet producing this rubbish when they're not
with harrison ford age ,they shouldnt have even thinking of casting  him as indiana jones ,enough man , cast young actor.
I hope Jeremy Jahns reviews your movie when it comes out. I watch both of you and it would be great to hear his take since you can really review your own movie. However that could be quite funny to watch if you did
I can honestly say that I stopped watching indy films with the last crusade.. these last 2 films don't exist for me. I just can't stand watching my childhood hero as an old man faking beating up people in cg... it's just dumb.
Every time he talks about the Critical Drinker, I croon so much.😂
08:50 I feel like this is just a silly statement considering the world we live in and how quickly technology advances and this film came out 14 years after the Crystal Skull.  OF COURSE THE VISUALS ARE GOING TO BE BETTER
The body n wall are always a give away...face is young but they hv old people hunch and walk
You don't have to make excuses for bad movies all the time....if you spend the first 5 minutes making excuses its not a good movie. This movie is terrible.
I'm guessing this is a positive review?
Clearly most didn’t feel this way based on the box office numbers and the amount they need to even break even
I loved Raiders to death and I don't understand why people praise the entire trilogy. Many Raiders fans hated The Temple of Doom. It was gross and the dumb blonde whiny heroine was annoying af compared to Marion Ravenwood. The Last Crusade tried to rehash Raiders, but the villain Nazis became buffoons and other characters were cartoonish. It did not have the humanity and depth of Raiders. Crystal Skull was awful of course. I actually liked the DIal of Destiny since they brought back some of the qualities from the first movie. The Nazis were once again sophisticated formidable foe and the characters acted more like real people rather than trying to act comedically.  It will never be as good as Raiders but it was a good ending to the whole franchise.
CGI
This movie did not entertain me, but the he opening train scene was terrific to see.
I’m in shock to finally be able to watch a video over 10 minutes from Chris and am quite happy
Dial of Destiny was leaps and bounds better than Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. I actually left the theater NOT heartbroken. Should it have remained a trilogy? Absolutely. There was never going to be a better way to send Indiana Jones off than riding into the sunset. At least this ending felt good. People are more than welcome to disagree with me BUT it's long overdue that we recast the role. Hear me out. Spielberg told Lucas that he always wanted to direct a James Bond film. So in a way, Indy is a James Bond character type. He should always be fighting Nazis. He should always be trying to save the girl. And honestly his adventures should always be set in the 1920s, 1930s, and right up to the end of World War II.I don't want kids but if I had kids they would watch the original trilogy and read some of the comics and play some of the video games. The deaging CGI kills me. I loved the first part of the movie but it will not hold up over time. There was a lot of throw backs to Raiders and Temple of Doom and I appreciated it. Overall I am happy with the send off.
Sound of Freedom review?
So, the Dial detects distortions/bridges in space-time, hahaaa! How the hell does that shi# works??? And Archimedes did it 200 years before Christ, for Godsake! This movie is an enormous pile of shi# They can't show Indiana more miserable! The script is garbage, nonsense and soulless. Leave our heroes alone! I´ll NEVER see this crap again! PS: we saw the tuk tuk chase in Octopussy from 007 and the divers and bad guys waiting to retrieve the mcGuffin is from For your Eyes Only, also from 007. They're pathetic..
There have been so many critics talking about this film that have me thinking they desperately need a dork with a rat pulling his hair to make them a meal that remind them of their childhood. This was a refreshing take.
6:54 good old Glasgow George Square
Another iconic movie series that was absolutely destroyed by Hollywood..this makes the Crystal Skull look amazing by comparison, just awful
Thank you for your honest and unbiased reviews! You do a great job!
Since you brought it up, and not to insult you in any way since I quite appreciated your very insightful critique into your own critique....  But the vast majority of the breathy nerd-rage reviews, especially here on youtube, are pretty transparently cynically-minded  click-bait, most intent on chasing algorithmic reward and CPM/RPM glory, and if they can harness subjective outrage and cringe misogyny and hand-wave away the objective points of craft of filmmaking, who cares?  In other words, most of the "critics" are shilling for their own gain. Expecting integrity from this form of critique is naive; nothing gets thumbs ups and subscribers like stoking butthurt, especially from pampered wannabe filmmakers whose mommies have told them all their lives that they are so very special.   For the record, I, having made a good living in the American Film industry for more than three decades*, thought this Indiana iteration was mildly adequate in the aggregate...which given the lead in this action/adventure is almost a couple decades older than some states, is about what I expected.   I'm not sure that I would have bothered making it at all if it was on my dollar, but to decry it as the downfall of Film is amateur level mom's basement silliness; it's going to make at least $50 mil ROI in the long run,  and get a bunch of 60 year olds go to theaters.  *Not on this film.
James cameron De-aged Sigourney Weaver into a 14 years old teenager which look quite real to me 😅
Indiana Jones and the Pile of Dysentery.
I liked the movie it was good but I still like other Indiana Jones movies better.  We had a crazy movie audience this time so it kinda took away from really enjoying the movie too. There was this kid that kept jumping down the stairs and went in and out of the theater about 8 times along with several other people and a few late arrivals that turned on their phone lights and shined it right in my face 😩🙊😡, like why even go to the movie(s)? Anyway, yeah I know they made them younger haha but it actually didn't even bother me at all. I had to however remind myself we were in the past for some reason I thought it was going to take place like now hahaha. 🤦‍♀️That was so funny when he was going down memory lane of what has happened to him haha.😊👍 I didn't like the end ending tho, I was like ehh. Lol.
Dude just say it's bad, don't circle around it. No one will be mad at you for telling how you really feel.
Movie was meh, but at least it was better than Indiana Jones 2 and 4
I JUST SEEN IT, I LIKED IT. MAKE UP YOU OWN MIND .
I don’t think mangold has had enough *good* movies to be underrated.
It was horrible and the female lead made it so mush worse.
Horrible movie.  The worst by far in the series.  Yes - CS is better.  Sad, but this is what happens when you go woke.
Your review was quiet and well thought out. Most of the others have been shit shit shit fleabag shit shit shit fleabag etc. We get it. You hate her. That said the movie like The Flash is being greeted with a massive amount of empty seats and I am interested in what this means for Lucasfilm regarding the Kathleen Kennedy problem. Is this the last straw for Igor or will they honor her contract for her final year?😮😮😮
The first part of the film was a lot of fun. We tried to ignore the de-aging. My wife and i saw it on Sun and didn't hate it. Had a few issues with Indy's character at the end, but outside of that thought it was an enjoyable movie.
Your reviews used to have some integrity.  Now you're just an apologist for bad movie making.  I'm out.  P.S:  To quote Henchman 24, "A beard is not a substitute for a jawline".
Good analysis. I totally agree with your sentiments 100% As a childhood fan as well of the original 3, this one beats #4 to be sure. I as well got distracted and kept looking at the de-aged face in the opening 20 mins, but it was pretty well done overall, and had the original Indy vibe.
I hope Mutt is not dead but somehow presumed "dead" but missing in action during the Vietnam War. Like a "Jones", they are hard to kill. I hope the producers will bring him and revitalize his character with the actor, Shia LaBeouf for today's audience.
Talking about movies that live up to they actual hype, it seems like since 2000, they have only been Comic Book movies oddly enough.   The Dark Knight Avengers, Infinity War and Endgame Deadpool
Glad this move is flopping.. Have a down vote
I’m happy that you liked it Chris unlike myself. The film after the first 20 minutes was an absolute chore to go through. All the side characters apart from Mads Michelson, Antonio Banderas, and Sallah were either forgettable or unbearable especially the Wombat character who in the beginning seemed like your usual “new character who tries to bring the old legacy character out of retirement to have one last adventure” before completely flipping and becoming the most annoying obnoxious selfish cynical person on screen. The only reason why she isn’t the worst Indy sidekick is because i find Kate Capshaw’s screaming to be more unbearable than her bantering. The Dial is even worse than the Aliens from Crystal Skull, time travel is never a good plot device unless it becomes the main aspect of the film. This made the climax an absolute mess which is topped off by Indy’s out of character decision to want to stay in the past rather than to return to his own time and not mess up history even more. If the writers actually understood the Indiana Jones character than they’d know that he obsesses over the preservation of history with a good example being giving the ark to the Nazis instead of destroying it during the canyon stand off in Raiders. Then of course Wombat has to be the person who saves the day and strong female character punches Indy into present day where the writers finally decide to Christmas wrap this disaster by bringing back Marion and having Indy get back together with her which in the end really makes this film absolutely useless especially when looking back on Crystal Skull which imo did everything this film did but better. So yeah overall I came into this film with very low expectations and it surpassed those.
I really enjoyed this movie and believe you me I was NOT expecting to. I like how it follows the Indiana Jones movie rule that he always accidentally leads the bad guys to the mugguffin for them, isn't able to stop them from getting it, then it kills them. I actually liked Helena, since the plot didn't try to portray her as perfect or morally superior. She's imperfect and the other characters fucking notice, and it gets them into sticky situations. Her character growth into a more caring person is a bit rushed toward the end, but not too noticable, and her self-serving nature in the beginning makes her deception of the Nazi's very believable, imo.  Plus, in spite of what people are saying, the plot doesn't overshadow Jones in favor of Shaw at all, they're both given their due.
This didnt feel like an Indiana Jones movie to me. My biggest issue was the role reversal within this film, which may just be a necessity with Fords age. He wasnt the hero jumping into moving cars to punch bad guys, he wasnt the one throwing dynamite, or climbing into a airplane on the runway... it was more Helenas movie, he was essentially more of the damsel in distress who frequently needed saving.
Storyline and characters are important in a movie. It seems both suck in this movie.  The rest, like what you have described, irrelevantly fine. 😂
A fair and nice review. People are so caught up in their extreme bias and political viewpoints movies reviews are skewed. It's nice to watch this. A well rounded review.
That’s 4 major flops in a row for Disney.
This is genuinely a horrible movie and a sad end to an iconic character. However one positive is..... it proves the paying audience has had enough hence why it completely flopped.
As much as i respect one's opinion that differs from my own, this review seems very reliant on nostalgia, the recent backlash going on in media, and the director's filmography to excuse a lot of what this film does wrong. In order to give a movie a real fair review, you have to critique it on its own merits, regardless of the outside elements that plagued this movie.
why only chris stuckmann like this movie while all other reviewers are bashing it
only the 20 minutes was good who agrees? ⬇
Finally a fair review. Was it perfect no, but it was a great attempt to make a real Indy  movie with Ford again. Sad so many will pick at every nit. Ford is 80 yrs old and in great shape for today. People say we’ll Cruise was better, we’ll he 20 yrs younger. I enjoyed the movie, didnt hate the new characters for who they weren’t but loved the older parts that were there. Ymmv.
"John Williams is very good at his job" that is the understatement of the century, lol.
*This movie is not better than Crystal Skull. Dial Of Destiny make Crystal Skull great! I’m going to try to erase this movie out of my head SMH*
I saw the movie last weekend and I honestly loved it. I grew up watching the orignal trilogy on dvd when I was a kid and this movie reminded me of the feelings I got when watching them. I thought it was on par with the original three in its own way though.
I'm sorry but I don't really see why it even exists, or Crystal Skull for that matter. I usually agree with your reviews but I can't this time.
For me the film was sort of ruined because of the main villain, he just should have died at the start of the film.   Imagine getting hit off a fast moving train by a thick metal pillar to the face to then come back later with zero scars or mental difficulties 🤷   yes its a film with a made up fake story but theres only so much you cam tolerate before any immersion is broken.
I appreciate your nuanced take. So many reviews that I find are just hysterical screeching about how much everything sucks. Thanks for your effort!
It feels like there was a gun held to your head while you filmed this.
I loved the movie! honestly the only part that I didn't like was the ending. He should have stayed in ancient greek
IMO Crystal Skull : 6.5 Dial of Destiny : 5 as an Indiana Jones fans, die hard actually, this DoD is so fckin terrible. especially that woman. god! like wtf?? belittle jones all the time ffs
I loved this film and don’t really get all the extreme hate for it. It’s a big step up from Crystal Skull, and while it can’t compete with the original trilogy I felt it was a good ending for the series and the character.
I feel this is like a dampened force awakens reaction. In time I feel the consensus will be this was a pointless and underwhelming film.
With respect, Chris, this movie is pretty awful. Yes, the directing, cinematography and acting were good. But the story is utterly misspaced, and Helena is by far the worst Indiana sidekick ever (no hate to the actress!). I will never watch this movie again. It got under my skin and I was seething for a good chunk of the 2nd half. Utterly robbed of a farewell.  Edit: This is worse than Crystal Skull (for me) and it isn't even close.
They killed indy son ,then replace him with Mary sue,the make indy an old grumpy loser! F indy 5
3 minutes into your review: why do you expect Indiana Jones to be the same as the original trilogy? We all get older. "Let's see some progression." Oh! They did that in the last movie but everyone hated it hahaha. "Dial of destiny" was fantastic in its own right. The opening sequence was probably second to raiders.
Look. Stockman,  I followed you because I respected your opinion as a lover of film and as I grew up in Michigan, I figured that we shared a lot of the same opinions on film, which we do, but your review of the dial of destiny left a very bad opinion from this review. That movie was horrible. The beginning had a half of Indy greatness... if that. The main villain should have been dead, Flea Bag was very annoying, the story hardly made since and that ending was insulting. As an Indy fan and Star Wars fan, I am done with Lucas Arts, a company that I very much of dreamed to be apart of all the way up till the Rise of Skywalker,  I am done with major movie studios, and sadly I am done with shills like you. I will be unsubing and do not care with any harsh words that may come my way, but after this review... Chris... really? This was a crap movie and no amount of spin you could have created could cover the crap from this. Mangold should be embarrassed, Ford should be heartbroken, and you should apologize to your fan base for that review. I will never know for this was the last word to you is bye.
You've heard of the soft reboot; this is soft shilling.
I like 4 better
I find it amazing to see Mads Mikkelsen take on James Bond and now Indiana Jones as a villain. GOALS!
The movie is for Indy Fans, It is awesome to the core. Haters can keep blabbering, we dont care.
This movie gave Indy the farewell he deserves after the disaster that was Crystal Skull, farewell Dr Jones 🫡
I heard nothing but negative opinions about dial so I was pleasantly surprised tbh. The ending is absurd but its infinitely better than crystal skull
I thought this is the best Indiana Jones movie ever made! Don't listen to negative reviews. It is just clickbait!
Not sure what to think about the de-aged version of Indy still moving like an 80 year old, was that intentional?
Just saw this movie. Not good. But then, I like movies with good writing & direction, characters I care about, and believability. This is just silly, but I guess people who are loyalists are gonna like it.
I think that really shows Indy’s character was the line where they escaped a situation and Bridges character was floating a bit and Indy’s response was “My friend just died”.  Ford made Indy a human being.
Why the hell he is doing this reviews ?  Since he filtered all movies he didn´t like and reviewing only movies he likes, he is just irrelevant.  Every review he made in last two years - it´s great, it´s stupid but i love it, it´s decent).  I really miss his rants or just honest thoughts about movie.  There is no need to watch this video, because i already know he will say some negatives, but at the end, he will say, it was good actually, watch this movie.
After this review I really don't know that I can trust any of your opinions on film. This movie wasn't a total dumpster fire, I'll give you that. But Indy is objectively too old to be doing some of the stuff they made him do. "Never too old to go on an adventure" ok sure. But you are too old to leap from cars or tumble.
there are only 3 Indiana Jones Movies
Remember that Southpark episode with the pinball machine? Yup. That’s exactly what happend here. Again.
Movie sucked. Thats chick sucked so bad. So bad
I can already assume Shelby Oaks will be better than Dial of Destiny
garbage movie not worth your time
Crystal skull is better than TDoD
Absolutely terrible movie!!
They made a better film than Crystal Skull so that's a win in itself. I had no desire to re-watch Skull after but Dial is worth another viewing. It could have been MUCH worse such as the new star wars trilogy which isn't worth re-watching at all.
You really are the best movie reviewer out there, dare I say carrying on roger eberts legacy...
It looks like John Williams disowned the movie midway or the director discarded most cues cz the movie has mostly recycled temp music from minority report, star wars, war of the world etc, its like some others mocked up cues from temp music. However album release has many cues not used in the movie at all may be more than half of it
This is the blessing (or curse) of low expectations It’s not just you but most film critics are giving this movie a pass saying that *Well at least it isn’t as bad as Crystal Skull*  But that is not a very good  sign for a movie especially when no one is saying it’s as good as the original trilogy. Bad movies are bad movies period.
This guy is delusional, of course the movie is pure crap and the creators should be responsible for this travesty.
Garbage 🗑️ movie/ review.
I'm just glad Chris is one of the few film YouTubers left who can genuinely enjoy a movie despite its flaws. Thanks Chris for still caring. This has grown surprisingly rare somehow.
Very good review I like the fact you look at the whole series I’m going to the cinema to watch it just like I did for the first 3
I can safely say that when I rewatch Indiana Jones, dial of destiny will be in that lineup. I’ll probably go to my grave skipping crystal skull but I had a really good time with dial of destiny.
This movie was straight dog shit. I honestly do not know how you could say that this is a "fine" Indiana Jones film; perhaps the fear of not being invited to an early screening may have something to do with that.
Who green lit this lol
The movie was the perfect Indiana Jones movie.. it had it all. And the CGI had no Influence on the story, so " most people" where not the people I saw the movie with, they did not notice the Ford CGI  Was way way better then crystal skull.  Mads was as always great.
Can someone please tell me the final scene of this movie?  I when I saw it this weekend there was a fire alarm wirh 5 min left and I couldn't finish!
I liked this movie a lot. Wonderfully performed and shot, fantastic score. But the story was outstanding too. It does slightly retrace Raiders and Crusade in structure, but that works so well for Indiana Jones. You establish him as an academic with genuine curiosity, if one uncomfortable with the daily work of being a professor, and then you pit him against literal Nazi's who are trying to literally weaponize artifacts from Jewish/Christian/Greek culture and mythology. That tension between a witty hero who really loves history versus villains who just want to use some founding myth of "The West" as a weapon will always be enough to sustain a couple of hours of chase scenes and banter. An excellent bow on this franchise.
This is a pathetic ending of the franchise. The fourth at least gave a decent farewell to Indiana.
How much does K. kennedy pay this guy to give this piece of crap a good review? everything is binary either good or crap, and this movie is crap
This movie was so bad.
I for one would really like to see Chris Pratt don Indy's fadora as his son Mutt (the hell with Shia) and continue the relic hunting adventures! 🤠
I hated how cast aside Marion and Mutt seemed in this. Sure, I didn't like Crystal Skull, but that ended with all three happy. What point was served by having them be miserable or dead in this one?  That soured me on the movie immediately after what was honestly a decent if overlong opening.  In fact, that's my summary of film; decent but overlong.  There was nothing egregiously wrong with it like Crystal Skull, but unlike Skull there's nothing especially noteworthy about it either.
I'm really surprised you like the look of the movie so much. It all looks so artificial, and overflowing with CGI. Nothing looks like it has any tangible reality to it.
- franchise is beloved - monumental expectations - try to stay optimistic - last film was bad tho - this new movie is good tho! - last film I did enjoy at first tho - film criticism doesn’t even really have value anymore. Why can’t ppl be nuanced like me!? - don’t let cgi distract you from everything else in this film that is incredible! -James mangold is so cool, I want his career - it’s totally cool and understandable that Indy is old and out of shape - I have lots of criticisms, but they’re spoilers so I won’t get into it (go see in theaters!) -fund my movie plz!  Open wide and consoom, sheeple
It didn't ruin the character or Harrison Ford's legacy, and it was a pleasure to see him again in his signature role. The original films are still classics, and we got an entertaining coda we didn't ask for. Yeah, it's too long and some choices could have been better, but some of the criticism is ridiculous - it's not down in the depths with of any of the Jaws or Matrix sequels
14:20 THANK YOU! Finally- I’ve heard soo many people talking all negative about this movie, although it was not the perfect movie but it was enjoyable overall.
You cannot review this movie outside of the context of an INTENTIONAL movement towards deconstructing and emasculating classic male characters.  It could be brilliantly written and filmed, but if you remember the PURPOSE of the film is a destruction of maleness, then how can it possibly be a good movie?
You really gave too much credits to the movie. It's much worse than what you've described.
Over the last 40 years Indiana Jones has triumphed over many adversaries including Nazis, thuggee priests, pirates, Arab swordsmen, aliens, Asian gangsters, tomb robbers, and a host of other bad guys. It took Disney to finally kill off Indy… with the latest movie, Dial of Destiny.  RIP Indiana Jones!!🪦☠️
Finally, a nuanced review about a film that is not just a "Woke trash!" rant.
This guy say the same thing about the flash 😂
I don't know how you could be a fan of Indiana Jones and like this movie that destroyed him as a caracter. But it is good we have different perspectives shared on the internet
You have to have an absolute shit taste in movies to call Dial of Destiny a good one.
Here's the problem Chris Harvey dent said you live long enough to become the villain.frim the first Indiana Jones film there were elements of science fiction but even my Islamic parents reference the fictional film as real biblical studies it's a fictional film people. The ark powers capture evil souls. Pt 2 had magic rocks a man reaches in your chest and pulls your heart out come in it's fiction part 3 the temple guard's live 1000s of year guarding a cup but 5 alien skills is just out the question dam when America christians found out Jesus Christ is fiction and they approach an alternative find even in a fictional film you all lose your shi't it's 2 hours of escape what it's meant to be . I'm a writer I write fiction people actually think this real I don't sleep eat crap or age. I get out of work at 3am and walk pass my job at 7 am last time I checked that's 4 hrs sleep a jogg a shower a dump a shave a nap I'm up at 4pm 8 hrs sleep during the day write edit get dressed go back to work how am I a vampire or alien. I'm vegan and a diabetic I don't do but 3 drugs aspirin insulin high blood pressure pill I'm 54 but look 34 yeah I drink nothing but regular water and club soda for entertainment 😅 a vampire oh I know why I'm an atheist stupid people
The Bourne comparison is a great one, storied original trilogy followed by a sort of reboot that has its moments but ultimately fails to capture the same energy. And now we have a fun, totally serviceable 5th entry to make up for the mis-steps of the fourth.
No it's not about CG, if you admire indiana Jones character do you enjoy look at him being broken and his new better replacement female character toss him around , and the ending this franchise had 3 endings already ,with this one being the worst one  Man you became full of 💩
I wish we could bring back the dislike button metrics. Let us see how many dislikes this review has.  Stuckmann: 2+ million subs, 689k views on this vid------26k likes deepfocuslens: 55k subs, 86k views on her review--------*6.4k likes*  40x the subs, 7-8x the views, and only 4x the likes.   That's quite a set of ratios and says something.
You "really enjoyed" IJ5?? What on earth movie were you watching? I agreed with the reviews from youtube movie critics deepfocuslens and Price of Reason. I remember your reviews from back in the day, Chris, when you only had a few thousand subs. I miss that. To have fallen to this point, where you muster up a lukewarm recommendation for an abomination such as this, which destroys your own self described favorite movie character....it is sad.
Hey, Chris? How does it feel to be a sellout? Was it worth sacrificing your beloved Indiana Jones to this trash you gave practically nothing but a glowing good review for?😂🤣😅
Not seeing it. I’ve heard too many bad things about it. Particularly about the female lead.
yeah your favorite movie is as monotone as your voice dear god
Describing the process of how you consciously try to lower your expectations and compare it to the previous rehash flop illustrates a lot of what's wrong with modern cinema. We actually settle for this garbage. "Hey, it's not as bad as Crystal Skull!"....lol, just wow. Why not acknowledge the elephant in the room-- this movie sucks. Roger Ebert himself would have agreed. It would have been in his book with this same title.
Damn, you actually made me want to watch this movie. Thanks for not automatically shitting on it like the rest of the internet
Phoebe was insufferable. I saw the original movies in the theater i'm 53 years old. You have lost all your honor. Just to get advanced screenings to movies. You're like that lieutenant that no one would follow when to combat. Raiders fan my ass. This movie has zero charm. I felt like shit at the end
It's nice to see a positive review after everyone including the Critical Drinker absolutely trashed it.
unsubscibe everyone CHRIS LIKES PHOBII
Imagine defending Feminist Mcgee
It actually wasn't as bad as I expected it to be, I went in *hoping* it wasn't going to be a terrible disrespect to the original and I honestly don't think it was, to me it just felt a little more like a spin off than a huge connected conclusion, which honestly I was okay with
Can't get behind this one sorry the entire movie apart from John Williams score was crap. I can't honestly understand how anyone who likes this franchise could see it any other way. It's the rinse and repeat method of older franchises, lets take a beloved character beat them down and make a new "better" character do everything the old character used to do good, but the new person does better. It's tired, and it's lazy at this point, and annoying to people who are actual fans of the character for which the franchise is based around. Disney is a hollow shell at this point only fools kid themselves to think they make anything of merit, especially where old franchises are concerned.
Am I the only 1 in the comments that thought this movie was a complete steaming stinking turd?  I don't understand how any of you can like an Indy movie that has him constantly being upstaged and insulted by that smug bitch, the entire movie.  And the plot sucked
Crystal Skull is better than this movie
Will it take destroying the last of George Lucas' legacy, or will you find more franchises to destroy? Because of Disney, we can never have nice things anymore.
I couldn’t wait for this movie to be over. I had hoped I’d like it but halfway through questioned why it existed. It resembles NOTHING of these films of the past.
Not sure Chris has seen the movie at all, and Hes just listened to other people who have seen it and just made up his own explained
Saw it on Friday. Yeah, pretty much what You said. If You don't expect something on par with the OG Trilogy, then it's a good movie.
Its intresting to see how a reviewer tries to wrap this piece of shit of a movie in cotton.
I never thought i would get to see an Indy movie in the theater, lead alone a new one and oh boy…Regardless of how i feel about how this film stacks up against the originals, this was nothing short of a giddy time for me. James Mangold and the whole production team very clearly love Indy and the originals’ legacy, and even though I have some big problems, what another fantastic excuse to get me into the theater again. At the worst, a good movie. At its best, just a silly good time.
The movie is enjoyable BUT Waller Bridges character is awful and unlikeable, the chase scenes are too many and too long. The movie should have been 20 minutes less.
The last two Indiana Jones movies didn’t even need to be made. They were cash grabs made by people who would rather run something into the ground than come up with a new idea. Chris, I’m sorry they fudged up Indiana Jones. I know he’s your favorite and you wanted it to be good but we all knew it was going to be poop and it is. It’s an expensive turd. People aren’t paying to see it and it’s getting negative reviews from the majority of people who have payed to see it.
Blame it On Phoebe
Love this movie. Was so entertaining please go see this move.
This movie sucked it's not Indiana Jones at all, crystal skull is better than this at least that had fully on Indy being Indy. This shit is some last Jedi bullshit, this is not an indiana Jones movie..
i really had fun in the movies watching this movie, i guess that was the main thing to entertain and it was so well directed
I saw yesterday and liked, I have seen all more than once.
I miss the old Stuckman, what happenee to you man? Do you really want to be a film director that bad?
Chris, if you think that this tripe was a good movie, then you have absolutely no credibility at this point. This was a truly horrible, horrible movie. Kathleen Kennedy has destroyed YET another franchise.
Yeah, this is one of the first times I disagree with Chris Stuckmann.  This movie sucks and shouldn't have been made in the first place.  Plus killing off Mutt Williams/Jones and replacing him with Phoebe Waller-Bridge was stupid.
This movie was depressing and awful!! It was okay at times, but I don't want to be DEPRESSED by an Indiana Jones movie!!
This "critic" has lost all credibility
they should have brought short round back for this movie instead
This is a solid review, not a good movie, not a bad movie. I disagree on the pacing. This movie misses the pacing a moving like raiders and temple of doom had.
How well the writing is, how well the directing is... hahahaha what a joke!
Lol he actually liked it? Hahahaha proof this guy is a buffoon!
The movie is good, I don't understand the hate. I grew up watching the original films on TV. I went to the cimena expecting to watch a satisfying conclusion to Indy's saga and was not disappointed. In no way I was expecting this movie to be better than the original trilogy.
Hey Chris! You mentioned you liked the cinematography, but I have to say... I thought it was all too dark and a bit claustrophobic. I mean, Mangold shoots a lot of the action in tight close ups instead of those beautiful wide and long takes. I liked the movie, but I missed Spielberg and even gained a newfound appreciation for Crystal Skull. At least its set pieces were a little more memorable.
Temple of Doom has the best villain.
Drinking that Dial of Destiny Kool-Aid. Let's see what your thoughts are on it a few months from now when you've watched it a second time. The film was absolute garbage.
I actually enjoyed Dial of Destiny.
Chris, I love ya, and if you genuinely liked this movie, that's great.  But I find it a tad suspect that pretty much your entire bellwether on what made this good, is that they didn't repeat the mistakes of Indy 4.  Seems like you're judging it mostly on what it's not, as opposed to it's own merrit.
After all the negativity from the prejudiced fanboys, I wasn't expecting much but I liked this movie a lot. I thought they made all the right choices - to go with the fact that Indiana is 80, to give him and his obnoxious, opinionated goddaughter radically different goals, to have him treat her with the respect and patience of an older person's wisdom, to have their respective character arcs, especially hers, from selfish thief to wanting to be part of and make a contribution to his family. The ending was perfect. I actually teared up. The only real issue I have was with the boy, who seemed characterless and pointless until he became the obvious plot device. The instant he got on that aeroplane I thought, Oh no, not another Anakin Skywalker, but unfortunately that's how it turned out. I did think the middle was overly long. I'd encourage fans of Indiana Jones to see this movie and have the fun I had.
I can’t believe how boring and bland the movie is, I’m sick of non-stop CGI and the pacing was horrible. No magic whatsoever. Shocker but you also don’t need to be grumpy when your old, such a lazy stereotype
this is the review of someone who clearly don't want to be uninvited to the next premieres. it's sad when you say that the first 3 indy's movies (for me the only in existence) shaped so much of yourself and yet you are absolutely fine to have indy treated like an idiot by a nobody for the entire movie (except the first 20 minutes ofc).
I love and respect your passion for Indiana Jones. I don't think they did a good job with this film and I think Kathleen Kennedy's oversight is handicapping these directors and writers. I hope that at some point she can be a little more hands off and allow directors to realize their own visions.
Ok I just got out of it and Spoiler.        I just saw Indiana Jones in a World War 2 era German Bomber full of American Neo-Nazis flying through a time portal from 1969 back to the second Punic war and all the Nazis get killed by Roman legionaries. How is that more believable and cooler to me than Aliens in Indiana Jones?   In all seriousness though, Dial of Destiny is pretty good. I’d say it’s the 3rd best in the series.
I'm honestly glad I saw it. Wasn't anywhere close to the originals but my god some people are really calling it a woke nightmare LOL
"Is there a better way to tell this scene, as written?" Cast a younger actor like they used to do before computer de-aging was an option? Just a random thought...  Thanks for this review. I was a bit worried about this movie, but given how much of a massive fan of Indiana Jones you are and you don't hate it, I'm feeling much better about picking up tickets and heading out on date night with my wife very soon!
Honestly, I found it to be overly PC following the same tired pre-Covid woke formula. Just like James Bond, the hero has been diminished to a pathetic weak man replaced by a "strong" woman. That's not equality, that's Disney's biz formula pandering for $$$ and the Chinese Communist Party as usual. The CGI has replaced live risk taking action stunt men and women as well.
uhhh.  Great another shill channel.
$130 million globally opening weekend…off a $300 million budget…guess we know how the audience feels about this film
Why make family movies anymore ? Family of four $100 plus night out without burgers and frys. Sucks
I thought it was a nice return to form after Crystal Skull... a few critiques...  Helena was portrayed fine as an acting performance, but there is no reason to make her dishonest... it would have worked just as well to make her an honest Indy clone and felt better.  Too many people uselessly killed.  I know there's a death toll in these movies, I was especially disappointed in killing the female CIA agent... she could have been a great character.  Missed opportunity...   For a post-script... 10 years later... de-age Lucas and Spielberg, and show him meeting with a 90 year old Indy, and they say... "we'd like to make a movie about your life.  Got any stories?"
Chris, it was meant to be a cash grab that will end up costing them hundreds of millions in losses.  It's not the director's fault. It was Disney-LucasFilm's fault. Quite the sugar coating.
Im curious to know your rating, if Crystal Skull was a C- what is this?
Just watched it.  Didn't like it.  It bored me.  I hope this is the last one.
Funny he mentions harsh, unrealistic, bias criticism when he has been a prime example of it. Especially when it comes to comic book movies.
You’re the biggest sale out on this platform
How can you honestly say this movie is better than the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull? This was an insult to the human brain for the script alone. I can’t respect this
Chris stuckman is in major denial lmaoo...sad... :'(
I was scared, but loved it. Watched it on Thursday.
this dude is way too woke
he doesnt get thrown around??? c'mon seriously????.... he got shot close to the heart and minutes later he is once again fighting and parachuting like he is 25 years old?
This one was pretty good actually 😮
I saw it and I actually felt like puking because of how bad it was ! 🤦🏽‍♂️🤮
PWB and KK’s apology is a BIG FU*K YOU to all the fans who made this franchise successful in the first place. Well, they can take their sarcastic and disingenuous apologies and shove it up their bony 🫏s, and we the fans say to all those who made this film - 🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽
Dial of Dialysis is total trash. The CIA murder charges going unresolved, unreal action star British lady who is better at everything than Indy, Tall Square being able to fly a plane in rain after learning how in a bar, Indy being scared of bugs, ect. The de-aging is the least of all the problems this Kathleen Kennedy man hero destroyer film needs to worry about.  Do not spend money on this film. I am sad to say this has to be one of Chris's worst film reviews I've ever seen.  "Believe hard' -Indiana Jones 2023
really DESPISE Trash useless channels like this people will always deserve infinite times better same way that INDY will always deserve way better prequel/sequel movies like it already had with Temple and Crusade but NOT made by Shit disney
This review is some kind of alternate universe joke, right?
If this was amything like the first three Classics, there wouldn't be all this dabating like amateur film critics.  Its going to be bad.  Im not paying to see this in the cinema. Ill probably never watch it. I love the first three. This looks really bad
A franchise doesn’t “have” to end after a great run if they can keep up with the momentum. This movie was a great send-off for Harrison Ford as a Hollywood icon
Chris why not call it Geriatric Jones with an obnoxious Female lead who ruins whats left after Jones is shown as an old washed up broken man. Its not a good ending for a classic 80's legend. Terrible Movie-should never have been made. Dont be a shill Chris.
Ok so you like Indiana jones yet somehow you support the idea of him being neutered, beaten, rescued by an annoying feminist potential replacement ? This channel is not legit and neither is this review.  Anyone who finds positives in a film meant to destroy the franchise is part of the problem
L feminists 😂👎🏾
Glad to see an actual review of this with both the positives and negatives
Honestly, zero interest in seeing this film. Worse for Disney, my kids (ages 21 and 23) have zero interest in seeing it. Cheers —
Your the only youtuber that liked the movie. I agree more with angry joe’s review 3/10
Thank you Chris for pointing out all the positives in woke Hollywood. Why do they bother with the male lead. Lets bring Charleys Angels back and let them do it?
The film has gotten such negative buzz and the opening weekend box office was so disappointing that I kind of felt justified in skipping it this weekend. I'm old enough to have seen every Indy film in theaters so this was a hard pass for me. But seeing Chris's review has changed my mind. I'm going to check it out tomorrow afternoon. I trust Chris's opinion that much.
Nah, I'm not going to see it. Ill stick with the classics. This movie was made for it for feminists wanting to kill off a beloved character.
i am from India and i watched this movie yesterday and man what an experince. Mr. Ford is fantastic and de-AGING is very good. Ofcourse this movie needs little bit editing but overall its a fitting tribute to Indiana jones franchise. Thankyou Mr. Ford for playing this character one last time.
It's not a perfect movie but it's WAY better than 4 even tho I think 4 is better directed mostly because Mangold shots are not wide enough to my taste. It makes some action scenes not as impressive as they should have been. Story is better, characters are better (I was afraid of Elena Shaw, but honnestly she's a good character. She's annoying when she needs to be, and entertaining when she needs to be. Nothing "woke" about that, and I'm usualy touchy about wokism..), beginning is nostalgia fun (even tho some de-aging shots are not 100% perfects, they did not prevent me from enjoying the scene), ending is better (and it's classic bad guy being "duped" by the artefact, I don't know what people wanted? Back To The Future 4 with Indy during half the movie? Come on, you know people would have complain even more). I think the movie is a bit too long (cutting down some action scènes to let the quiet moments shine more would have been better). If I still think Indy 4  is "the sequel that should not be" (even though it's not as atrocious as some say) I paradoxically wanted a 5th one to finish the saga on a better note. And although it's of course not as good as the first three I feel it's mission accomplished. To me.
The trilogy is the my ❤️. You can't unwatch a movie so I'll pass on Indy being bossed around by a feminist. Glad you liked it.
Paid shill
Everything for you is a great movie. Even garbage ones. Whats wrong with you?
3rd favorite Indy movie behind raiders and last crusade
Come on, man. You also did like the last jedi. Come on!
Finally someone that doesn’t automatically hate the movie and anything to do with it. Sure, when comparing to the original golden trilogy it’s really not great but that’s an incredibly unfair comparison.   Also, people nowadays analyze films for every small moment of “wokeness” and it’s honestly exhausting.
It was alright.  I'm just glad they didn't mangle it up like they did with the later episodes of Star Wars.
People saying nice things about trash 👏… People keeping real fans from what they want/need 👎…..or reverse it…or r they the same? 😊
Indiana Joan and the Horror of the Blood Red Pad.
This review totally represents my opinion except the fact that I was able to enjoy the opening sequence although I noticed the de-aging CGI. It was true Indians Jones fashion to me. I cried rivers in the final scene and rewatxhes Raiders of the Lost Ark.
It makes me so mad that people enjoy crapping on good movies they’re not bad movies they’re just bad movie reviews. I have watched this movie and it was a packed house and not one complaint came out of that theater. I think people just talk crap about something that’s really great because it gives them clout and gives them views and I’m sorry but There’s not one review this movie that I think is actually good enough to even spend more than one minute watching it, so do yourself a favor. If you are a true Indiana Jones fan do not listen to the bad reviews go watch this movie. Be humbled by it and enjoy it because you will enjoy it all the things that they’ve said that were negative about this movie are simply untrue the costar she does not steal the movie from Harrison Ford whatsoever. The storyline a solid the special effects are not overwhelming or underwhelming. They are just right and for those of you that I love the nostalgia of seeing old familiar faces from the previous films well, this satisfied that too, and I can’t believe people have said that this movie was underwhelming it’s simply not true and those bad movie reviews just don’t hold water.
Have you seen Pixar’s Elemental? Please review that!! Imo, best film this year so far. It’s better than Dial of Destiny. However, I also enjoyed Dial. Similar thoughts like you. Imo, It’s missing a cohesive story, synergy, romance, compelling moments, and history/archaeology. The archaeological aspects have to be clever and more expansive, but it was not
Kingdom of the crystal skull was a poor movie 🎬 too my friend.
Your mom and me, we think alike 😂, we just pay for ticket and pray to have a good time haha ❤
great stuff
We saw Indian Jones 5 opening night & I was surprised how much I enjoyed it,as my Fiancé also felt that way. For me it’s no Last Crusade or Raiders!  The beginning was amazing & we liked this movie enough to see it again. I don’t know why so many people hate this movie? IDK?! 😮
Your review is biased because you are afraid of annoying Disney
Can't wait for the spoilers one!
This sounds like some money may have exchanged hands here...this movie SUCKS!
Chris... It's ok to do a negative review once in a while
Indiana Jones is my all time favorite fictional character and after re-binge watching all of the previous films I can 100% say that I preferred Crystal Skull over DOD. The obvious reason is CS was directed by Spielberg and it felt more like a Indy film and regardless of how you feel about the ending; it was not as bonkers as DOD wild ending. The prologue of DOD was the best part because it was literally a love letter to the final chase sequence in the classic films. Overall though I really really liked DOD and I don’t feel I’m going to get a film that hit me like this did but then again Indiana is my all time favorite character and Ford is my all time favorite actor.
Trying to find an honest review of this film is hard. The first one i clicked was just them moaning about how its woke. So thank you for giving an honest review. I love to go to cinema but with work and other stuff i sadly dont get to go too often so dont want to waste 2 hours watching a crap film. Love indiana jones but crystal skull always left a weird taste in my mouth. Will have to give this movie a try
Movie sucked 😢
Even at this age.. Harrison really worked hard for this movie, thats great   I saw film just today mrng show  Felt happy... Climax cave scenes became bit silent  But overall film is good to watch
Great review - Tks dude
I'll translate what Chris obviously won't say... THE WRITING SUCKS.
You don't think Indy should fight Russians?
This is the most honest review on the internet. Instead of just biased hate, you analyse this perfectly. It is an entertaining two hours and I'm glad that you, as a film maker appreciates the good and the not so good. Well done.
It was a great 4th installment of the Jones films
Is there any Blasphemous language???
CHRIS WOKEMANN LOL WHAT A JELLYFISH
You don't find a problem that the franchises and movies that are classics are getting new movies and the best we can hope for it's ok? Exactly the problem here leave these franchises be if u can't make a great movie. If u find it ok that movies nowadays are either crap or ok fine you do u but Id rather aim for great or don't try at all.
A lot of big empty words in this review. I can see that someone really wants get inside the Hollywood machine. If this is the kind of movie you applaud then I don't think I want to see anything that will come from you as a director. You can be polite, but for the love of god be honest about it. I'm very dissapointed sir, maybe it's time to stop pretending that you are doing the reviews and focus on being filmmaker. Clearly you lack honesty to do both at the same time.
disney sucks not watching their trash
I'm very surprised you just glossed over and didn't mention the enormous flaws in this movie. Such as him being framed for murder and there's no conclusion to that, or the CIA stuff in the beginning. Or the things that make no sense like Mads taking a poll to the face at high speed on a train and surviving. Or Indy being shot and bleeding out for hours. And so on and so on. Oh and Disney loves their MacGuffins!
Indianna Jones and the antikythera mechanism?
Regardless of many criticisms, the movie was better than I thought. This was the first Indiana Jones movie for my 15 years old daughter and now she wanted to see other movies of Dr. Jones.
The whole 1944 sequence including the de aging part, was the best part of the film. And i think Harrison Ford performance is the best so far.
Face was fine. Movie was great and a satisfying end to the franchise to me.
James Mangold directed Logan, he is great. Tomorrow I'll go to the movies to see this one, I already had a glance of it and I liked it very much
Es una película que no es mala pero con el tiempo será olvidada y, en cambio , seguirán por siempre, en la mente de los espectadores, las tres primeras películas.
Not sure what movie you saw but I thought it was very mediocre at best. I did not like the female character at all. She put the Hell in Helena. She  was not very likable. It was too long and I'm so over all of this time travel stuff. Harry and Mads were great and the ending with Karen was prefect but overall meh...
Not only is this movie far better than Crystal Skull,  it's smarter, more fun, and more entertaining than Temple of Doom. Once the online hate-fest has subsided, Dial will be remembered fondly.
Kathleen Kennedy is probably the most hated person in Hollywood after she successfully destroyed so many Iconic Movies like Star Wars and Indiana Jones... Indiana Jones 4: The Crystal Skull looks way better now compared to the utter Disaster that is Indiana Jones 5: The Dial of Destiny and the God Daughter from Hell... Again a "Strong Female Character" is shown as the Main Lead Character instead of the actual Iconic Male Lead Character...Anyone noticing a worrying pattern here??? This time it's personal, if you wanna do Fan Service, do it right, or leave it someone who knows how to do Fan Service. You never, I repeat, you never dial down an Iconic Hero and show him as a Supporting Role just to make the Female Lead look good... Once again, an amazing opportunity totally ruined by the unnecessary and forceful insertion of "The Strong, possibly Sexually Ambiguous Female Lead Character Message"... and finally, the Cast, who the hell is Phoebe Waller-Giant Nose??? I know you are trying to break the mold of casting a really Good Looking, Desirable Trad Wife Female Character with a touch of X Factor who is there only to complement the Male Lead Character by casting a Tom-Boyish, Freakishly Tall, No-Nonsense Woman with a Giant Nose who is made to look better than the now "Helpless" Male Lead (who is now made to look like the Supporting Role) at every turn... Yeah, Please don't...stick to the formula...or leave it to the Professionals...
I watched Indiana Jones and the dial of Destiny on Friday night. it turned out pretty good. it seen okay. I never complained about this film. I'll be looking forward to it on Mickey's Blu-ray disc.
Chris is a really great movie critic and hinestly a breath of fresh air. Its nice to see someone with a cohesive review that actuslly tells you what works and does not work with the film. Always trust this guy 😊
How anyone takes this guy's reviews seriously any more is beyond me.
Overall, I really enjoyed the movie! It's worth seeing.
This is the second Indiana Jones movie, that I was not interested in seeing.   Bygone is the era of iconic movies, and I for one, am just fine with that. I think most mature viewers would agree.
Maybe Dial of Destiny is a flop because my girlfriend was calling Harrison Ford an old man 10 years ago
Okay I got a question a fan might be able to help me.  Didn’t Indiana Jones become immortal in the third movie he drank from the Holy Grail.
The Last Jedi was breathtaking gorgeous.  Not a good measuring stick.  It could have been worse. It could have been much better too. I am weirdly good with the insanely impossible climax though. I got misty twice. Including the final scene homage.
Fairly artfully done. And a case can absolutely be made to just take the film on its very own merits as its own one-off.   The thing is - as was evident here - it's impossible to completely remove it from its predecessors. Comparisons were regularly made here even while being told to take it on its own.   We also have the part(s) where other critics of the film are sort of nudged to the side as many have not yet seen the entire film. The thing is, some of them HAVE seen it, and their actual criticisms are not assailed here. I have yet to hear anyone argue about the original score, direction or cinematography. Apparently those are the most important things for us to look at. Just don't look over ... there.   While they may not care for the female lead for things she has done and said away from this film, they have not criticized her performance. They have criticized the character that was written for her, its impact on the dynamic of the franchise and what it means moving forward.   And while they have brought up the de-aging process, none of the negative reviews were influenced by that to any significant degree. Like here, its shortcomings were acknowledged then pushed aside to discuss more significant things.    If it hasn't happened already, I assume there will be at least a handful of vids reacting to this review, raising the issue of being a shill and/or putting forth a disingenuous review out of not wanting to risk invites to those advance screenings in the future.   And there may be a case to be made there.
Wow, you are bought!
Helena is a sociopathic asshole,she spends the entire film insulting him,betraying him,and celebrating joyously minutes after his friends get murdered,oh and in the end physically assaulting him in order to dishonor his wishes In favor of her own wants
Saw it yesterday, but all the hate has been happening for at least two months and makes no sense to me as a Gen X. Just started watching some YouTube videos on the hate and it seems like it's Kathleen, Disney, Robert and Phoebe... lots of hate from the lot of young and the latch on's. I really enjoyed this as film much as I expected!
rate it out of 10
😂
this movie sucked and no mattterrrr how much they tryyyyy they will never convince anyone that Phoebe Waller-Bridge is believable or beautiful lmfao
i saw it on the cheap screen so i couldnt tell the difference in the details in the cg..i also thought they could make a whole movie de-aging and it would be good..  i didnt like the cia part but overall the movie was ok. i dont know why people are hating. i think this is the first time they actually used the item what they were looking for. 7/10  they got nice cars in this movie
I agree that the best cgi is when you don’t realize that it’s cgi. Just like when matte paintings were used in film. A lot of times, you couldn’t tell that it was a matte painting until someone points it out.
Damn i’m curious about Shelby oaks, wonder if it'll be like twin peaks at all. Will do man, I'll go grab a blue ray, need to see it
Was anyone surprised to see a cigar in a recent Disney film?
I don't really care what the internet says about movies anymore, but not you Chris. I was genuinely curious to know what you thought about new Indy film. As a massive fan, I enjoyed it very much! Great review as always Chris!
Ooooooh noooooo….
Waiting for the spoiler review with bated breath! Just saw the movie yesterday, and I have no one to talk to about it!
Idk if it was on purpose but I thought Helena being very selfish while looking exactly like a young Ayn Rand was an amazing touch and casting choice
I feel truly sorry for people who watch trailers. I go in knowing absolutely nothing and having the movie tell me the story. That folks is the true movie experience!!
Awesome shirt bro
It bothers the shit out of me, the people who are hating on this movie.  It’s solid.  3rd favorite of the franchise.   Better than temple of doom and crystal skull for sure.  Everyone wants to be a critic 🙄 stop being sheep, develop your own opinions.
YOU SHOULD HAVE COME CLEAN ON YOUR REVIEW OF THIS POS SWANSONG OF A FLICK.   I GET IT, YOU'RE BIASED TOWARDS THIS FRANCHISE AND PERHAPS THAT IS WHY YOU SHOULD HAVE NOT EVEN TRIED TO REVIEW IT IF YOU COULDN'T HAVE BEEN TOTALLY HONEST ABOUT WHAT A DISASTER THIS FLICK TRULY IS.
WON'T be going...!
I think you're still "drinking the kool aid".
You're trying so hard to put a positive spin on a pile of shit abomination insult of a movie.
What is actually so bad about crystal skull why do people hate it so much it decent
Thank you for the first nuanced review I've seen for the film.  I was pleasantly surprised with Indy 5, maybe partly because of the exceedingly harsh reviews it has been getting.  I'm one of the rare Indy fans that doesn't completely hate Crystal Skull, but it's still my least favorite and that's mostly because of the overuse of (frequently bad) CGI that takes me out of the experience.  Dial is a major improvement in that regard, and most of the action feels somewhat realistic by comparison.  It was also a good idea to base most of the action around vehicles and horses, rather than fistfights and such, to make it a little more believable for an 80-year-old man.  The de-aging was a little distracting; they shouldn't have lingered so long in close-up shots, especially when he's talking.  I don't think the movie assassinated the character of Indy like some reviewers are arguing, and Waller-Bridge's character wasn't totally unbearable like I'd been led to believe either.  Considering all the circumstances this movie was made under (Ford's age, Spielberg and Lucas jumping ship, etc.), I thought this was about as good as an Indy sequel could be at this point in time.
I've seen this movie twice now and it was great. So glad they didn't go woke and stuck to the history of Indiana Jones.
I just saw it with some friends and we all loved it, nothing groundbreaking but a cool story and set pieces, solid summer movie.
I actually like this better then the Crystal skull.   My orders of like of Indiana jones… 1.  Last Crusade,  2.  Raiders of the last ark,  3.  Dial of Destiny,  4.  crystal skull.  Totally disliked Temple of doom!  What are you favorites?
This is like a hostage video.  “Disney, please keep giving me access.”
This movie was just plain awful!!!  Pheobe Waller Bridge was awful!!! Harrison Ford had to take a backseat in his own movie.
Octogenarian
Shill alert😂😂😂😂😂
At this point, I think Chris is now being payed off by Disney. I saw 2 Disney adds throughout this video. What a shame.
Enjoyed Dial of Destiny so much! Is it perfect, no. But Temple of Doom isn't perfect either. This is way better than Crystal Skull. And it's on par with Temple....Mads is the best villain in this entire series! And the search for Archimedes' tomb was so engaging. Mads was excellent, as were his henchmen, and his motivations and his ideas and drive were clear. It was very enjoyable, a great thrill ride for old Indy, and I thought the ending was really sweet, too.
Honestly i love Dial of Destiny. Its a great sendoff to the character
Took my parents to see this.  THEY are the target audience for this movie, I can tell you that much.
**Spoilers*** My review of DOD is mostly on par with the OP's. I do concur that although the film was good, it wasn't necessarily great or phenomenal. Overall, I'm mostly satisfied with DOD, my only 2 complaints are: 1) I feel there was a huge missed opportunity to not have Ke Huy Quan reprise his role as an obvious much older Short Round. This would've filled the gap left by Shia Labeouf (although no one's really complaining on that note), but would bring about a sense of further nostalgia and would bid homage to the partnership pairing we experienced in TLC, as Dad and Son played off each other so well and orchestrated. The other gripe is that the Mcguffin device, hence the "Dial", isn't effectively showcased in such a way to strike suspense and fear into the audience of it's detriment of being possessed into the wrong hands. I think most went into the theater expecting Indy having to repair some sort of temporal damages made by the antagonist by using the device in an illicit manner. There was so much more story that could've happened with the Dial, but we're only taken back to The Siege Of Syracuse. ...yes, while, effectively poignant, I feel like the trailers were misleading in having the audience thinking that the Dial was going to take the audience back into the earlier films from  different viewpoints ala Back To The Future 2. It would've made for a much more interesting film, especially with the aforementioned inclusion of casting Ke Huy Quan. Anyways, that's my two cents. To each their own.
I have said once, I'll say it again 10/10 for getting rid of Mutt!   Seriously though I really liked this. Is it better than the originals... NO! Not close. I liked PWB, felt she was a more believable Indiana prodigy than Mutt (guess some people don't like confident, sarcastic women... er Marion!) It was fun, ending was OK, and nowhere near as bad as I was lead to believe. People said why does this exist... it exists because they had a great ending in Last Crusade and ruined it with Crystal Skull. This redeems the later and makes a better, more human ending.
My girlfriend thought Harrison Ford was wearing makeup for the de-aged scenes. So yeah, the special effects were great.
The movie was great. I’ll be seeing it again.
Looking forward to your review with spoilers. I just watched IJ5 and wanted to hear other takes on it. YouTube seems to be flooded with Proud Boy type reviews, angry that Indy was emasculated by his female lead. I walked away from this movie saddened by what it could've been and would love a thoughtful review.
I think a lot of people just decided the movie was going to be bad and went into theatres with that mindset. So it's refreshing to hear a review, especially on youtube, that gives praise where its deserved along with criticism where its deserved.   I thought the movie treated the character with respect and did a good job connecting its story with the previous movies.
This film is an insult to Indiana Jones and the fans.
Loved the de-aging process, and I really liked the film...was it perfect, no but it was entertaining and had a satisfying ending.
I agree with you. The movie was not nearly that bad as people are making it to be. The cinematography is spetacular, and it feels like an "old" movie, i found it actually beautiful from an aesthetic point of view. Sure Helena Shaw is irritating, but it passes... This movie is so much better than Crystal Skull.
How's that Kool-aid tasting Chris?
I watched it last night without seeing the trailer. Honestly I didn't expect to see a lot of Indy with Ford's age so I was pleased that he's in almost ever shot. I honestly forgot they were de-aging him until we cut to the "present" and his real age. I loved the action and fun reminders of the previous films.
No, this movie didn't work for me.
I appreciate you saying this at 4:38 ... I don't always feel like I'm getting a genuine review from some of those 'hosts' because having a wacky headline and unflinchingly trashing a movie is going to get more clicks.
Saw it was great for me.
The movie was fine. It was better than Crystal Skull, just didn’t care for the ending. Kind of fell flat there. Otherwise I had a lot of fun with it.
I’m glad that the Indiana Jones that I got to see in theaters for the first time was not a complete stinker. I was a real fan of the third act (except for the bit near the ending) and the prologue was downright fantastic, de-aging and all
It's a classic. <3
I had a surprisingly good time with Dial of Destiny. Harrison Ford did a really damn good job as an older Indy. I liked how they handled his age, felt like the world had passed him by and it was cool seeing him go back into it. Helena was a really fun scumbag character who harkened back to Indy in Temple of Doom. This movie isn't perfect, it's a bit long, too many people end up in vans and some of the action goes on but I had a blast. I also really enjoyed the third act, Harrison Ford delivers a great emotional performance when he wants to stay in the past. The big plane action in the ancient battle was such a fun idea. I'd give it 4/5 if the CGI had been better so cause of that it's a solid 3.5/5
I enjoyed the film with my fam, and I’m a huge fan!
Chris, thank you so much for this review. I grew up loving Indiana Jones, my mum is a big fan and showed me the films as a kid. I also really enjoyed this film. Was it perfect? No. Did I love everything about this film? No. But I got to see Indy go on one last adventure. I loved the dynamic between him and Helena (I'm a huge Phoebe fan), yea at first it was a bit irritating but I love how he taught her some humility and brought her down to earth. I dont see it as 'new female character turns up to put the old beloved character in his place' like so many other people seem to. I feel like it's such an oversimplification. It seemed like that's how it would be, but Indy actually taught her to open her heart as his thawed out once again.  At the heart of this film was adventure, family and the sense that it's always worth trying. Finding that little bit in yourself to keep going against the odds. That's what Indy has always been about to me and it delivered on that.
Omg will you just grow some balls & just call the movie shit.
Make up your mind and speak it! I cannot stand fence-sitters like this.
Lmao bro your a clown. The movie was ass but as we all know you dont give honest takes anymore.
You lied to us Chris. This film is absolute woke garbage! Now I unsubscribe from your channel.
This movie was awful imo. Crystal Skull is awesome
Indy 5 was terrible. Almost like they were trying to wreck the IP.
Whenever I was a kid crystal skull was the only one I would watch growing up but I didn’t start watching raiders and the other films till later on and the rest and I figured everything out how he met Marion and how those movies shaped Hollywood and it ignited the spark for my interest in history
Trying to sell a used car?
The de-aging was mind-blowing... and if he means the punch in the third act, it worked fine for me.
I'd rate it 3/5.  Harrison and John Williams bought it but overall it was just meh. My biggest takeaway is that Crystal Skull was an Indiana Jones film, but not a very good one whereas Dial of Destiny is a typical, modern summer film that just happens to star Indiana Jones.
Hearing you say this was a good indiana jones movie when it so clearly is just a product of our time and the disney money machine. Just made me lose a lot of respect for your opinion not that mine would ever matter to you. If it wasnt good it was bad - and it certainly wasnt good. Quit sugar coating
chris northhamm
It's kinda funny watching the disparity in tone between Chris and the bulk of early reviews popping up on YouTube right now. Here it's like "yeah its not perfect but it's OK overall." All the other reviews right now: " It'S wOkE nOw I hAtE tHe WoMaN!"
the critics were wrong - the predictions were wrong and the "reviewers" who still insist on saying it's bad are wrong - this movie was amazing
Wow Hollywood is evil
Thanks for this.
The intro reminded me of Spielberg's Tintin but in a good way. Overall, I liked this movie. I think I'm happy to say that I actually enjoy ALL five Indiana Jones movies. All are special in their own way.
Come on Chris, nobody is forcing you to review if you find yourself in a position where you can't speak your mind with honesty. I am an Indian and I don't relate with the political things going on in western entertainment industry. Me and 2 of my cousins watched it today and shared a common consensus for this movie. It was meh. Way below the average line. I am disappointed seeing how safe you have become while reviewing films.
Short review. ..It Sux
Went yesterday... It sucks!!!!
Still a lot better than Crystal skull, and it’s not close
No movie touches the original trilogy, however Kingdom of the crystal skull was at least entertaining, sometimes dumb but with a lot of great action scenes. IMO it's very rewatchable to this day. Time will tell but i think i won't watch Dial of Destiny any time soon again. It felt very dull and even boring at times. We all know why they made this movie ($$$). But one thing we all can agree on is: there was no need whatsoever to make this one.
Haven't seen the movie yet, but this is a great review. Not "it's a DISASTER !" or "it's a MASTERPIECE !", like all the other "reviews" on Youtube.👍
I think the Crystal skull was by far the weakest film! This one was a fun movie and really liked it!
Just saw it last night. Honestly, it's a pretty solid film. Highly enjoyable.
I thought it was a great film,
Dial of Destiny kind of sucked cock
So we all know you cant mention IT in the movie to not get canceled 😂
A BEST CGI IN MOVIE THE FEW PAST YEAR'S I'VE SEEN IS PARASITE .
SUCKMAN YOU KNOW WHAT WAS A BAD IDEA IN DIAL OF DESTINY ...THE WHOLE MOVIE WAS A BAD IDEA
THAT CHICK WAS SOOOOO ANNOYING SAME WITH THE KID THIS FRANCHISE DIED IN 80S
TEMPLE OF DOOM IS STILL THE BEST INDI MOVIE , SUCK THIS WOKE CRITICS AND HOLLYWOOD
So, it's not as bad as the worst IJ movie? That's a pretty low bar.
You're a stooge for these awful films, really comparing this train wreck to the last train wreck is the way to go? I walked out on this film they have the hero with an old fool. Let's continue lowering the bar for these awful film makers and someday we might like them.
Put a flag in it! Damnit!
Ngl, trying to compare any film to crystal skull and trying to convince the audience that it's better than crystal skull — is still a low bar
The amount of Disney simping is off the charts. Im unsubing from chris after 7 years of non stop watching you. This movie is herrendous in almost every regard and undefendable, even if you are a woke loser... Yeah, its THAT bad.
I have thought long and hard about how to rate this movie. I have started and thrown away numerous pages of reviews because they just did not encapsulate the movie. I have read other people's reviews and I have watched plenty of uploads of what people have said about this latest Indiana Jones movie and I have finally arrived at my poetic attempt to do this film justice.  THE MOVIE IS SHIT.
Indiana Jones is your favourite childhood hero? Oh...I best not say what Lucas wanted for his background history then, otherwise he would "ruin your childhood" too. :)
Disappointing.
the ending was baller, they should have gone with the choice I thought they were gonna make but they played it safe which was fine.
Crystal Skull is better, and it’s not even close.
I was pleasantly surprised with this movie. Like you said, not as good as the original trilogy but I still had fun listening to the score and seeing Indiana Jones on the big screen.
James Mangold directed Kate and Leopold?
Movie was fantastic, easily one of their best films.
Kathleen Kennedy tore down Luke and replaced him for this new era. Then she deconstructed Indiana Jones & said that it is “entirely possible” that a Helena spin-off film could happen. We have seen similar things happen to James Bond, John Connor & even He-Man. When will they admit that there is an agenda to tear down male iconic heroes & replace them. This is a form of hate & misandry & it deserves to be called out. Equality & respect is a 2 way street. You can't claim to be against discrimination when you are doing it yourself.
You cant be serious. This movie is awful.
Shill!
Am I the only one who loves the crystal skull lol
I have to say I think the de-aging in this film was pretty freaking good. The mouth can be janky sometimes but that whole prologue was worth it. I really enjoyed this film and I'm sad to see this character go into retirement.
You should be ashamed of yourself Chris. Your self righious attitude has effected your ability to make an honest movie review.
He is moving like an old man which he is, with a head hanging from the shoulders, and with no energy. Harrison, I love you, but its your time for a backseat.
How long can you droll on and ignore the obvious. Actresses like Phoebe Waller-Bridge have been destroying movies for nearly 10 years. And when shills like you don't call out these destructive forces then you are supporting the disease that has destroyed this industry. Stop it. Go away now.
Thinking that this movie was actually better than Crystal Skull speaks volumes about what kind of person this guy is. This movie was a hot mess rushed out to appease some Twitter users who wouldn't actually watch the movie. It's just more Disney trash. It's movies like this that they're firing staff and looking to sell IP's.
Awe you people suck. There's nothing wrong with this film. I just st believe that it's not for everyone because the average laymen can't wrap his or her head around the concept of how time travel works. Just like The Flash it's to much for the regular folks to grasp. If one doesn't have the intelligence or just the capacity to embrace this concept it's going to leave you at the beginning and you're gonna play catch up during the whole ride. Yes that's right, I'm not just saying I'm smarter than most but I'm also saying most are just to ignorant. Not stupid,, ignorant. Which means you can always go pick up a book and figure it out. It's a great movie for the intellectual superior. Hahaha that's right.  Great film. I had a blast watching it,,, oh for free on my phone. I just st thought I would put that out there. LMAO hahahahahaha. Anyways now check this one out. Hollywood likes to put movies out so they can prime and desensitize or rather soften the mass s up and get them ready for some kids ns of disclosure event so by the time the government puts it out there it's really no big g deal when it happens so it just flys right ght over everyones heads that way when it happens it doesn't even raise an eyebrow. That's how Hollywood is used by the government. They've been doing it for decades. So stay alert and keep your eyes open. Cause they're getting ready to spring some portal demension shit in and over everyones eyes. Whatcha out now!!!!!!!
How did you not see this coming? I could’ve told you this was a bad idea before they made the movie
Noah Wyle  would make  good Indiana Jones  i mean he was really good in the Librarian movies close to Indiana real close Ford if you read this watch the 3 librarian movies
Eh. For me the deep fake fell apart after about 30 seconds. The action felt weightless and consequence free. And the pacing was awful. I don’t know what Stuckman was talking about with the beautiful pacing … it was slower than an 80-year old running in parts. And the climax was one of the dumbest things put to screen.  As for the plucky female lead, was she a heartless mercenary? A moralist disgusted by cultural theft? A scoundrel with a heart of gold? Who knows? She was so inconsistent from scene to scene. Her motivations and actions changed from scene to scene for no discernible reason. And yeah they tried to make you have the feels at the last two minutes of the film.  It left me feeling depressed and sad.
SHILL!!
Finally an honest review. The internet baffles me everytime with how people will capitalize on drama and braindead controversies. It's popular to hate on this movie right now and, hilariously, the audience score on rotten tomatoes is almost at 90%
I really loved every second of Harrison, I just don’t like it when snarky new characters try and take the piss outta my favorite archaeologist. Every tim Indy is on screen, I’m cheering, every time Helena comes in with some snarky shit, I’m a little bit irritated. She grew in me though and I genuinely believe that heartfelt scene towards the end was one of the best emotional moments in recent cinema. Well done James Mangold. I’d also really like to thank you for not just casting the movie out as garbage. Sometimes it’s hard to not feel guilty when you enjoy something everyone else seems to hate. I’ve seen so much vitriol since the movie came out, and you put my thoughts into exact words just as I have been saying. Thank you for being honest and not caving just because everyone else is saying the same thing. I’m glad we both had fun with our favorite archaeologist one last time.
Better than Crystal Skull and maybe even Temple of Doom 🤷‍♂️ take that as you will. I am an archaeologist though so I'm rather biased. I enjoyed it.
Chris, your voice on film is one of the ones I value most when exploring a new movie. I appreciate that regardless of whether or not I agree with a particular view you may have, you always present it logically and never make it seem like if someone disagrees with you they must be an idiot. I completely agree with your opinion on the current state of film criticism. U can really enjoy and value a movie despite not loving every single aspect of it. It seems to me like so many people went into Dial of Destiny predetermined to hate it and/or rooting for it to fail and I’m really not sure why. I could feel the love and care Ford has for this role radiating from the screen throughout the movie and that more than any of the fun action set pieces, the nostalgic call backs, or the wild third act made me smile throughout the film. It was truly beautiful to witness. I agree that for me Dial was never going to touch the original films. Raiders is literally the movie that sparked my love of film when I first saw that vhs tape as an 8 year old. I’ve watched those 3 films at least once yearly ever since, so Dial just doesn’t have the memories and impact those movies have had on me throughout my life. But who knows, in another 20 years maybe it will. Not every single thing worked for me, but overall I had so much fun going on another adventure with Indiana Jones.   And again the love Ford has for this character is infectious. I almost felt like I was an intruder witnessing Ford saying a final goodbye to one of his most intimate friends. I’m thankful I was invited to share in that experience
Chris seems to be too fond of these franchises that are in the trash now.
It has to box office over $850,000,000 just to break even. Not a chance. . .
I just saw the movie. I thought it was really good! Not amazing but definitely better than Crystal Skull.
Chris was a very good reviewer, until he decided to produce his own movie. So he started then to promote/sponsor trash movies in order to make more money for his production. Watch his old videos and the videos after his decision and you ll end up to the same conclusion. It's ridiculously obvious.
Many movies, and I would say most big budget movies are simply not nuanced enough anymore to warrant nuanced criticism.
Sounds like basically what i expected/hoped for: a decent 4th best Indiana Jones movie.  I thought Crystal Skull was "OK".
Lol dude get real. You’re a paid shill. The movie is garbage. Apparently you need to learn how to read real reviews because most people don’t like it.
Solid review and I completely agree.   Do you think we’ll ever see anything again like the Golden Age of the 80’s with Lucas and Spielberg in their prime?
Chris Shil|mann and Wokediana Jones... Soydiana Jones... Femdiana Jones... Oldiana Jones...
I just saw the movie.  I liked it but if they edited out the Kathleen Kennedy character out of the movie, it would make the movie the right length and improve it at the same time.  I had no problems with the CGI Indiana Jones with the older voice.   It is not better than the first 3 movies and maybe not as good as the one with the aliens but it was ok.   Edit out all the Kathleen character scenes and it would improve it and make it better than the Indiana Jones Alien movie.
This was absolutely the worst "movie" I have ever seen in my life. And I'm over 50 so thats saying something. I'd rather watch Attack of the Killer Tomatoes. Its that bad. Indy is a shell of himself that wants to commit suicide. His son, who's totally anti war gets killed in Vietnam. Why does he go there? Because he hates his dad? And Indy's savior is his god daughter who uses Indy to find more artifacts to steal and sell. Including her dad's legacy. Wtf?  And everyone talks about the 1st 15 minutes? Its as dark as Game of Thrones. There is no fun in this movie. Why does Antonio Bandaras die? How does the Nazi live though that face plant on the train? Why does Waller try to kill Indy all those times and then save him at the end by punching him in the face? Why do the planes fly 50 feet above the Romans? Why do the Nazis save Archemedies by machin gunning the Romans? Why doesn't  Indy's best friend Salla not go with him? This movie just pissed me off to no end. Great way to treat this man. I remember sneaking out of school to watch Last Crusade. Watching it is magical, light hearted comedy and fun. This is moronic, dark and depressing.
The movie is bad its best to watch the original trilogy or heck even crystal skull. This new indie movie is just the same tired feminist agenda emasculating classic heroes and ruining series. They did to indie what they done to both luke Skywalker and han solo made them losers
I saw a bad review of this movie and was interested to hear your perspective. I must say that it felt like you were hedging by shedding light on everything you liked about it and not get into what you didn't as much. Or maybe you weren't bothered by what bothered other people.
There was a few things you complained about in Indy 4 review that happens here but you kind of ignore that fact or are just experiencing recency bias. For example, you complained that the money hungry character in Indy 4 was a problem. Although not a main character, he was there. In this movie, Wombat is just as bad if not worse than that Indy 4 character. Yet you mentioned nothing about that or the uninteresting supporting cast.
Crystal Skull was better in my opinion
I just saw it in 4DX and it was one of the best moviegoing experiences I ever had. I went in with rockbottom expectations after the initial reactions but I was blown away. I was seriously mouthing "oh shit" multiple times. I didn't do a lot of research before this movie so the whole time travel thing took me completely by surprise, I was really trying to figure out how they would get out of that situation. I was literally (thanks to the moving chairs) on the edge of my seat. Am I on a buzz high right now? Mayhaps, it will probably change when I see it again later down the road, or not. I just know that, for now, I highly enjoyed this movie.
Just got back from watching it. I have a lot of thoughts and I'll try to briefly summarize them. It did start to get a little boring at some points and there were so many moments that didn't make a lick of sense to me. I would say roughly the first half of the film was a lot of fun and the second half started to kind of wonder off a little bit. I really enjoyed the beginning with the train, the nazis and the younger Indy and all that. Indy did look a little strange in some bits, but I give it a pass. Overall, the whole sequence I felt was awesome. Truth be told, I know ford doesn't want to do anymore and I completely understand because of his age. But I would be completely on board with an Indiana Jones movie being nothing but that. Use the cg to make Indy younger and just make it a prequel that takes places somewhere between the films. All you need is Ford's likeness and his voice and there you go. He doesn't have to do any stunts or anything. I know that's wishful thinking. But that's just my opinion. Other than that, I felt that Indy unfortunately had to take a back seat when it came to a lot of the action. Which I get is because of Ford's age. But it still left me wanting more from the character. I really liked how they brought back the nazis and how that was woven into the story. While I felt the second half was lacking a little bit, it still had pieces in the movie that I really liked. What I didn't like was that there were a lot of stupid things that happened in this movie. I won't spoil it right now, so if you haven't seen it. Then you need to see for yourself. I would say that this was much better than Crystal skull, albeit that was low hanging fruit. I would put this right behind Temple of Doom in order of ranking. In my opinion I would rank the films from best to worst in this order: Raiders, last crusade, Temple of doom, Dial of destiny, and Crystal skull.
Had to disagree qith Chris here. I am a FAN of Indiana Jones, and the script for this movie sucked. They turned a loveable character into a pathetic grumpy old man. They downgraded the MC so the FMC can shine an she sucked. Hated the movie.
In what universe this movie was good
ITS TERRIBLE, no matter what parts of a film or product you like, if the sum of that is terrible, then its terrible! You can tell he was trying SO HARD to not just say its bad - so much apologetic appeasements  Phoebe is terrible and you know it, u know kathleen is just making another self insert that's a sue cause she does it every time, u know that the movie BUTCHERS the character of Indy and there's no reason to pretend its not politically driven  at the heart of the movie is a concerted effort to destroy the legacy of Indiana *SPOILERS - his son is dead by a war even tho he was anti establishment and wouldn't go to a war - they gave him a god daughter cause they killed his child off which is just evil - his relationships are all gone - he's a miserable broken man constantly reminded of it and his failures - the end scene is a cheap memberberries scene to excuse the horridness of the film, like mouthwash for the aftertaste of the film - its not his movie is Phoebe's cause its about trojan horse tactic of feminist ideologue inserted into a popular brand  nothing about it is good, and the visual effect - they spent millions! of course its not terrible, but that doesn't mean ANYTHING
Just watched the 1:45 pm show at Montgomery Mall AMC,  I fell asleep for 1 hr of the 2.5 hr film.  Enough said
Honestly this is my favorite movie of the year so far and 3rd favorite indiana jones movie
*_I wish Indy had tried to save Mutt, but realized he should abandon that idea. And/or travelled to more than 1 place with the Dial._* _'Cut out 1 damn chase scene and add more ARCHAEOLOGY, MYSTERY, TRAPS, YOU KNOW, INDIAMA JONES STUFF.*_ *_Also, was this movie only in a soft focus?_*
SELL OUTTTT
I Will Definitely Not Be Watching This, Thank You.  Can't Wait For Mission Impossible 7
Stuckmann comparing himself with Roger Ebert was quite something. As always, he got everything wrong. The direction was convoluted, the editing jarring, the story was the weakest part of the whole thing. This was nothing but a puff-piece  for Disney, as always.
I think it is better than many of the critics on youtube have said it is. Certainly not as good as the original trilogy, but better than Crystal Skull. I do not like Pheobe Waller Bridge's character. They should have used Short Round. Indy could have passed the torch to him. That would have worked in a sequel type situation using that character.  Nobody cares enough about Helena to ever see that character again. Other than that, it's not that bad.
My opinion the movie was pretty fun! I just really wish they would have reworked that final act. Oof 😬. But those first two hours where a blast! Its like Indy never left.
Dial of destiny is a smidge better than your expectations at this point.
unsubscribed
I greatly enjoyed this film, much more than expected. I also appreciate this review, especially compared to the rest of the garbage movie bashing passing as "reviews"
Harrison Ford & John Williams totally dominated my cinematic experiences since the mid-70s  & are my absolute heroes .
I just saw it and I liked it 3/5 very solid. Surprisingly really liked the characters and thought it was v  enjoyable
I was fine with the de-aging, and my girlfriend thought it was old unused footage until I told her, so it must have been good enough. Glad to see a reasonable review because I was beginning to think I am the only person to actually like this movie!!
I feel dial of destiny was a great movie. You never really dove into in the first half of your review. What made it bad
Chris enjoys watching all of Lucas film heros be destroyed, emasculated and shamed by directors and producers for "Modern Audiences" sense abilities. Makes me worried about his future film because he will be aiming for "Modern Audiences".
@chrisstuckmann Thank you. Thank you for an honest, sane, logical, review of this movie.   You mentioned there is no nuance any more in film criticism and you are absolutely right. And sadly this happens in other types of criticism today, result of the combination of social media being everyone's stage and poor poor work, prep and education. Everyone is an expert nowadays and few have the ability to see it.  The movie was exactly as you described, I watched it today. And the last scene brought tears to my eyes too, actually heavy ones -  and this doesn't happen often.  I just want to add a general remark to all the valuable points you made.  It's not the 80s any more. We are not 5,6 or 8yo. And we have (happily AND sadly) watched hundreds of movies, numerous times, adding up to thousands of viewings.  The old feelings cannot happen again like new but they can be reminded and remembered.  Just empty your minds before watching such a movie and have fun.
Unpopular youtube opinion: Being a huge indy fan, i actually enjoyed the movie despite its hugely negative reviews. And 68% critic and 89% audience rating from rotten tomatoes seems to suggest otherwise. Definitely not the trilogy level but better than crystal skull. Overall its still enjoyable, emotional and nostalgic enough to bring you back in time.
It was okay, but I would be more critical if I was a big Indi fan. The generic Nazi enemy plot was unoriginal, the script/dialogue seemed like it was written at least 10 years ago, CGI was an improvement but offputting, weak climax. Cinematography was nice and watching Ford reprise the role is nice/nostalgic. I enjoyed it as a casual viewer of the series.
Great review Chris. Saw it last night. The movie is very good. Ford is outstanding and Jones' story arc is complete imo. The story is very strong. Mads is amazing. Waller-Bridge is a really good actress. The captain of the boat (wink-wink) is under-utilized but was great. The story ties up an important element for Crystal Skull. The archeological McGuffin works very well. The score is beautiful. The locations are a perfect fit for the franchise. The pace is great. The camera does a very good job at bringing traditional film making esthetics to the screen. That said, De-aging is as conveniently fascinating as it is distracting but such is life in CGI. Nothing is forever. Enjoy the movie folks! From a 52 year old lifelong fan...
This guy what a sellout
Why no grade or rating?
8:48 Its actually archival footage augmented with CGI.
Nauseating shill review
Chris' slower moves of the head and speech and plumper neck, he's clearly in metabolyic dis-ease. You need to get control of yourself man, you look like you've aged 15 years in 5, jesus!
Kool Aid... You don't have to drink it, Chris, and if you decide to do so, why drink it all? You will have post-nut clarity with this one as well.
I miss the old Chris 😔
This movie was awful. First 30 minutes were great. Phoebe Waller Bridge ruins the film, Helena is so annoying. Phoebe Waller Bridge's Helena is the hero, while poor old Harrison Ford is treated like a geriatric sidekick in his own movie. They should have called it Indiana Jones and the Abusive Care Giver.
Somehow I hv no recollection of Crystal Skull at all
Chris, I don't know if it is fair to suggest that the other You Tube reviewers, who may give different reviews from yours, have not seen the movie. If anything, that sounds like the binary approach that you previously decried  earlier in the segment. It seems like you are saying that other reviewers who don't see the movie the same way you do, are somehow fraudulent or review-bombing the movie.
Chris i honestly cant believe you liked this abomination of a movie, it was clearly just means to destroy one of my favorite movie hero’s
I genuinely do not understand how any fan of the franchise can enjoy this. This movie just doesn't stop spitting on Indy.
I saw the movie last night, and I’m pretty much in the same boat as you.  I liked the movie, but I had some issues overall. Especially the third act. I’m excited to see your spoiler review!
For me, the Indiana Jones movies started with Raiders Of The Lost Ark and ended after The Last Crusade.
Chris, it's very clear that you love Indiana Jones cause that is the only way you can like this movie. It's one of the worst movies I have seen in recent times.
This is by far the worst film in the series
As a fan of the movies  I would say is not a bad film is just a bad film to presented on theaters.....if they are not going to do something parallel to the previous 3 movies  then please don't  make the movie,  cause you ll see is going to reflects in the movie it makes
Just been to see the film....and I liked it  7 out of 10.....we all want the franchise to be like no 1 and 3 but they waited too long  for 4 and 5...should have rebooted with new actor...but seriously this is not a bad movie...its the 3rd best Indie movie...the worst is Temple of Doom not Crystal Skull
I really like Chris's balanced reviews, otherwise I heard lots of negative reviews abt this movie. Now I can go and watch this..
I watched Dial of Destiny. I liked it too
You’re shilling this was a garbage film
I didn't pay attention to the de-aging part, so it wouldn't bother me that much lol; the opening sequence, Morocco scenes and the Antonio Banderas with the diving and the electric eels and all that, were my favorite parts in this movie, Harrison Ford is good as always and Mikkelsen always makes a good villain
I guess I’m in the minority. I actually really loved Dial of Destiny. A great Indy picture. I thought James Mangold did a fantastic job. I thought the third act was as realistic as a centuries old knight guarding a sacred cup.
I think you're being too kind, ask yourself if this is a film you'll ever watch again?
People in the theatre with their notepads should have 0 effect on you because you'll be watching the movie
Sellout. You used to make honest reviews, now depends on which studio throws some crumbles for you and hoping to push your career. And of all things, Indiana Jones ? Shame.
Cool!
😑..... I dont believe you.   The script is a mess.  The CGI is overtly bad and way over used.  Runtime is to long.  Too many chase scenes which were also not done well.  PWB's character is unlikable, unrelatable, and not acted well.  And Indy is absolutely disrespected in it.   Its objectively a bad movie and disingenuous to say otherwise.
If Shia was the surprise Nazi villain who abruptly entered and expressed his feeling of being ignored and ultimately betrayal, saying his father chose Phoebe instead of him and that was the right choice, …please make that fight.
Same writer as Solo? Holy shit.
I really enjoyed Indy 5.
I've just come back from cinema.  Chris, I don't know what is going on, but seems like you're out of touch with the reviews since you started your own project.  This film is even worse than Crystal Skull.
I'm disappointed that Chris has become overly diplomatic. 20 mins of this film is good....20 mins. I agree that these days people are quick to praise or destroy films but in some cases, like this, it is very clear - this is objectively a terrible film.
I still think bringing back Nazis as the bad guys was the only way to bring back Indy for a final film.
I really enjoyed this movie
Rampant wokeness ruined the movie
What a shock, Stuckmann is yet again terrified to give a movie a bad review.  Dial of Destiny is hot garbage and a complete disaster of a film.
Indiana Jones and the Nostalgia Bait.
I've already got burned by Kathleen when it comes to Star Wars, so I'll just live in blissful ignorance that the last Indie movie was released in 1989, and he road of into the sunset. The End.
Movie was good. People need to stop prehating everything
Wow is this review aging badly. The praise you put on this movie is destroying your credibility.
I respect your opinion, Chris. But I’d wager 80% of people watching this review agree that Indie 5 was absolute trash and by far the worst of the series.
First 3 are classic.  Cristol skull was decent.  This looks horrible.
This movie was atrocious struckman is tip toeing around the truth let's be honest 😂
Dial of Destiny was NOT Steven Spielberg quality.  Then again it was a Disney film.
Chris wtf are u smoking, Helena was genuinely insufferable start to end, I willfully neglected all reviews to as to not taint my initial experience, she’s a horrible character through and through and for many will ruin that experience
They literally killed the franchise!
Your Review is very different from the critical Drinker
Just got out of the theater and I gotta say, this movie was absolutely terrible.   I dont care about all the "political" reasons people have. It felt like there were no stakes, all the characters were unlikable (including Indy) and the actions scenes all looked like video game cutscenes.  Terrible.
Not sure about this I don’t reallly trust Chris’ reviews anymore kinda fell off. Off to Jeremy Jahns and Angry Joe. Thanks for the effort.:..
Disney and LucasFilms needs to earn my money. I can’t trust them…..
I really don't get the Crystal Skyll hate. I think it feels more like an Indiana Jones movie than this one. I enjoy it
Certified shill moment.
This movie review sucks. Thumbs up or Thumbs down.
My god these comments are insufferable. He didn't even claim it was an amazing film and all these people are triggered so heavily. I miss when talking about movies could be fun and people weren't so reactive.
Star Wars -makes both Luke and Han into sad depressed losers   Willow -makes him a failure of a mage who, what a surprise, is a loser and constantly mockery   Indy 5 -wow another depressed loser who for some reason seems to have nothing.
More like "Indiana Jones and the Dial of Buffonary." Crystal Skull, for all it's flaws, felt like an Indy movie at times. This movie did not.
I thought Dial of Destiny was fantastic!  I had a tear at the end realizing, this was the last time I will get to see Harrison Ford in this role again.
It was horrible. I hate what Disney is doing with iconic characters
Well, I've never seen any of your reviews, and let me tell you, I'm already out. If this is what you consider an enjoyable flick, a movie that thrashes (or as Hollywood says "deconstructs") it's main character, shoehorns in a secondary one with no real direction or meaning and ends with, well, that thing which felt as natural as drinking a pickle smoothie, a movie that took FOREVER to end, then we are in entirely different corners of the field in this matter. If it wasn't such an overused clichéd statement I would say you have received money from the studio, but given that I don't know you and your methods, the fair way to go is to simply state my opinion and go, as a viewer with access to the comments section.
I came out of dial of Destiny fairly mixed overall, but I definitely had a tear in my in that last scene with you-know-who coming back.
I loved this movie! The CGI is the best out of any deaging films. It felt like an Indy movie and the end was perfect! I have no problems at all with this movie
I think the film looks good but it’s not visually consistent with the other Indy films. The shots should have been composed in a “what would Spielberg do” kinda way to match them to the rest of the series. Sometimes it is but other times it just looks like a typical modern movie. Also, am I the only one extremely annoyed they changed the classic map animation? It was consistent in every movie but overly flashy in this one. The way the credits didn’t roll over the final shot also really annoyed me. When you’re directing your own movie do whatever you want but when you’re working in someone else’s world, keep it consistent with what they’ve done.
I strongly disagree with you on Crystal Skull. That movie wasn’t a masterpiece but it was much better than Dial. It actually captured the feel of an Indians Jones movie. Most of the complaints about Crystal Skull were overblown minor problems. Like the prairie dogs everyone made a huge deal about despite being in less than a minute of the movie or the cheesy monkey scene which, again, is less than a minute of the movie. If they went back and fixed the CGI in Crystal Skull a lot more people would like it cause it was good where it really counted.
Just got back and agree. Wasn’t worried about the third act, I kinda figured it would go there in a way.
I absolutely agree that a more nuanced and authentically honest approach to film criticism is lacking, especially on the internet & online culture.   I really don't care to get into my specific opinions on Indiana Jones 5 here, BUT I will say that the majority of my issues are not necessarily specific to this film but basically have become typical par for the course with much of franchise, large budgeted, (Disney controlled) movies.  The issues, problems, disappointments are just in how so much of these modern films look, feel and are made.  As a positive though, I am all the more excited for Mission Impossible: Dead Reckoning.  A franchise, big budget, crowd pleaser which undoubtably does NOT suffer from these issues.
This is garbage. They took your beloved character and turned him into a tired old loser that can’t do anything right and needs to be hand held by the costar. By the way she’s the real star. If this movie loses 300 million, then you know you are dead wrong. It’s a zero. And you know it beep down guy.
Hey Chris, I actually liked the film. It is not on par with the original three. However, specific ideas and concepts in the movie were genius to me. As a history major who loves Greco-Roman history, I loved seeing the Antikythera as the main artifact. The actual Antikythera is evidence of the advancements conjured in the minds of the greatest intellects in the ancient world. It is, in essence, a computer. Many modern concepts come from the Greeks and Romans. However, following the Library of Alexandria's destruction and the Roman Empire's fall, many modern concepts were never implemented until the Renaissance rebirthed the ingenuity and desire for advancement that laid dormant during the dark ages. Seeing this in the film brought me the same joy as Indy when he saw Archimedes.     The Lance of Longinus (the Spear of Destiny) was also a good idea. Having it turned out a fake was even better because, in all honesty, the actual Lance, like most Catholic relics, including the Holy Grail, was fraudulent. Many of the holy relics worshiped by the Catholics during the Medieval times were put on exhibit by churches and cathedrals to get money from pilgrims on their way to Portugal heading west and the Holy Land heading east. The design of the cathedrals was that pilgrims (tourists) could see the relic without disturbing the mass services. The fact that churches and cathedrals all over Europe were miraculously able to acquire relics that were hundreds if not a thousand years old overnight raises questions about the relics' authenticity. The Lance of Longinus, which was supposedly acquired by many of the great conquerors of history, is likely a construct. As a Christian, I believe Jesus was pierced by an actual spear. However, that spear was lost or repurposed in the decades following the crucifixion. As an iron instrument, the soil and elements likely withered and destroyed its spearhead.
It was a B and B+ at it's best. As a fan of Indiana Jones since childhood I didn't hate it. Crystal Skull was complete garbage, I have never been able to see it again. This was actually enjoyable for the most part. It will never touch the original trilogy though. It was too much movie at times. It was not perfect by any means. Probably would've worked better as a Disney + mini series. I read all the Indiana Jones paperback books, and not too long ago re-watched The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles. This is what this movie felt like, a paperback or comic book, an extended universe of an Indiana Jones adventure. It could've been better and it could've been way worse. I sat at theater today ate my popcorn and was happy to see Indiana Jones ride one more time on the big screen.
We’re ready for the spoiler review Chris! Bring it on!!!
This movie really sucked. Nothing new. Everything had been done before in all of the Indy movies. Very boring. Glad I downloaded from the Internet and didn't pay to see it.
What happened Chris?
Just got out of the theatre. I really enjoyed Dial of Destiny. It’s a good Indy movie.
Watched this with my 11 year old daughter.  She loved it.  I've been a fan since the originals.  It's worth paying to see in the theater. Not as good as the first 3 but much better than the 4th.
movie stinks like a diaper. small fry is out because we arent friends with china I guess even though he was the best character? so we get a middle eastern kid instead and freindly nazis because germany is our friend now? bullshit is why nobody wants to watch this crap anymore
I now question his opinion on films now, after this review. I understand that he has his foot in the industry but this defense of the movies is almost shameful after the intro.
Thank you I really enjoyed this film..
6/29/23 Just saw the movie. I was so excited. I did not like it at all.  1 or 2 cute situations, but the life of Indiana Jones, the karma, wasn't there.
I thought this was by far the best deageing yet. Thoroughly impressed to be honest.
I liked Crystal skull. I liked the Dial just fine but it’s my least favorite
Am not interest in Disney anything
Indiana Jones 5 is not a great movie but it is a good movie. It's entertaining. He is right that it is beautiful to look at. I wish the de-aging looked better. I did enjoy it. I have some complaints about it, but nothing that will make me not watch it again. The writers made some choices I don't think should have been made for the character. 3.5 Stars out of 5.
I usually agree with Chris, but man this one blows. There are only 3 IJ movies
Dude, you've lost it! People aren't going to witness "The Hard Works" of the film. They're going to SEE the film for the film, the characters, and the story. This is not what people want. Yes, I appreciate all the effort put into this flick, but it was TOO LONG! Too many chase scenes. Not nearly enough character development. Antonia Banderas was in here for like 15 minutes and we knew nothing about him. His character could have been portrayed by any bum willing to work for lunch. Hell, he had what...? 3 lines of dialogue. Seriously, what a WASTE! And you're praising this? Dude... You've really lost your objectivity since you turned director. This was boring trite. At least The Chrystal Skull attempted to tell a story. Yeah, the ending sucked, it tried. The Dial was just an over produced cash grab before Mr. Ford dies of old age.
This movie is dogshit! Anyone who even remotely liked it needs a lobotomy.   It completely shits all of the legacy.
what didn't work in the third act?
Thanks for your review. I wouldnt have watched it. It was a good movie. I found no disrespect to the Indiana Jones character.
Is it me or his head keeps getting bigger?
"Crystal Skull was worse!" SHILL!!!
I did not notice the de-aging.  I'm an adult not a kid.   I was watching the movie to enjoy it not criticize it.
Just got out of the theatre. My personal opinion is the film gets a solid 8/10. It’s a bit long in the middle, and some of the action scenes last a bit too long. Otherwise, they do a great job writing off the film franchise as a whole.
Was chris paid to give this pile of shit a decent rating?
This felt like such a sell out review having seen the movie myself
I thumbed this down because the correct verdict is it’s not worth your time or money.
Thought it was eh but still had a good time. 3rd act didn't work for me.
Shelby Oaks BTS, is so interesting. Pulling for you! Good Luck!
This guy is the most woke reviewer on the planet.
How much did you get paid for this? Saying this is a pretty good indiana jones movie. Especially considering you claim to be a fan, there is no way you could have liked this travesty.
The Last Crusade should have seen the end of the Indiana Jones trilogy. Temple of Doom was dicey using Kate Capshaw in my opinion but the overall story was pretty cool. The Crystal Skull had some excellent elements but they needed a better story. I wish Mr. Ford the best in (I hope) The last Indiana Jones Concept. Pulling aging actors out of mothballs to retell completed triangles is becoming a cliché in Tinsel Town to the point of Insanity.
I hope the goodie bag was worth your movie critic credibility because you are the only person so far defending this trash
He got to watch the movie two weeks early. And has nothing but positives to say about the movie. Riiiight, no shilling here for sure.
Disney/Lucasfilm strategy: 1. Run down the main old character and make him a sore drunk angry looser that wants to die. 2. Introduce the young feminist Mary Sue annoying character. 3. Despite of billions in the bank, make horrible work with CGI.  4. Expect success. 5. Movie flops ...
As always u are delusional, saying Cristal is worst that dial.
All the most  negative criticisms i have seen of this movie all are by rabid incels and manchildren (same difference) bitching sbout this movie not matching childhood expectations or dsring to have a female co-protagonist amid claims that Kathlyin Kennedy is the devil on earth. Bunch of crybabies the lot of them.
The problem with reviews online, in my view. Is that there are SOOO many rightoids that just mass produce bad reviews when "Nazis are the bad guys", "women outside kitchen", "gay guy among the cast", "black person among the main cast" etc etc. While trying to hide that aspect via code words like "too woke". Stuff like that is what polarizes movie reviews.
Making Indiana a selfish jagoff with a snarky jagoff female side-kick just isn't a movie I'm willing to spend money on. I expected a better critical take from you but your conformity continues to shine through.
I have always been a HUGE Indy and Harrison Ford fan, ever since I was a kid in 1977.  However, I have NO interest in seeing this film as I think it just was not made or intended for me.  It seems like it's target is for somebody else in a different demographic completely. It feels strange to say but,.....I'll pass.
I agree that Kathleen is awful but I saw this last night. The theater was pretty full and everyone loved it. Everyone should go see it and make up your own mind. I'm going to see it again.
The opening sequence yes did feel like classic Indiana Jones but I had many problems with it. First of all, many of the scenes were too dark, I could barely see what was going on. I don’t know if they did that on purpose to hide the CGI? Second, if you are going to de-age Indy, make sure and finish the job, his voice is so noticeable that it’s old man Ford. That was very distracting trying to listen to him. Third, this young Indy didn’t even feel like young Indy. It looks like a younger version, but he sounds and acts like an old man. Very robotic looking and if you all know classic Indy, he had some of the best facial expressions when he would get in to trouble.   At the end of the day, like others would say, this franchise should have really ended at 3. These last two leave a sour taste in the mouth. I don’t think this director was the right guy for an Indiana Jones movie and I wish Spielberg would have directed it. If he really didn’t want to then they shouldn’t have done the film.
It is really disappointing that you are trying so hard to give a movie that you know is crap a positive review.. Guess thats what they mean when they say u sell your soul...Stop trying to be so  politically correct this movie is bad and Chris from  2019 would have given this a D- .. If the movie you are making is good people will like it if it is not people will say its bad...Trying so hard to defend and justify something u know is terrible is naeusating u r way better than this
I got a feeling the movie sucks as bad as this review…out of here sorry….
I just want harrison to know that we don’t blame him and we know he wanted better for this movie than what we got  Crystal did a better job of what you can do with old indy
Everyone has been talking about how great the first twenty minutes are; however, the overall story doesn’t seem to to provide a satisfying Indiana Jones story.  They could have given him a better last hurrah or just not made the movie.  The Last Crusade would have been a good place to end the franchise.
As a die hard Indy fan I can’t lie I disliked almost everything about this film. It has definitely given me a new appreciation for Crystal Skull. Harrison was good and the direction was great but everything else was pretty bad. The Helena Shaw character was so unbelievably irritating and I usually like Waller - Bridge.   I was also really disappointed by the score. There was no stand out piece of music, almost all of the music was just reused from the old films.  I’ll definitely see it again to see if my opinions change. There’s a lot to talk about with this one, more than can be written here in a comment.
Starts pretty good. The de-aging looks good, but it's Harrison's old voice in the new body. The new characters are pretty bad and Indy gets the Luke Skywalker in the Last Jedi treatment. These movies should be uplifting and inspiring; instead it's plain boring and sad.
Let's imagine some male sexist producer comes up with an Aliens sequel where an old, decrepit Sigourney Weaver is being belittled and overshadowed by an obnoxious egocentric self-absorbed male character the whole film. In the end, he knocks out Sigourney with one punch and does God knows what after because she wakes up in a different outfit in her bed at home. There would be public outrage. How is this utter dog 💩 acceptable??? This really needs to stop. Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, James Bond, Indiana Jones, Terminator, etc. Enough is f'n enough.
How tf did he enjoy this movie?
If someone wants a good new Indiana Jones story they should just play Fate of Atlantis
I loved Dial of Destiny! I went in with no expectations and I really enjoyed what they did with this film.
SHILL ALERT SHILL ALERT= this critic used to be great, but a few years ago  he seems to have taken the blue pill and now works as a holywood mouth piece instead of a critic- this is WHY he tells us this really shitty movie is "good"= it is not good.
Couldn't agree more about the binary attitude in movie discourse: too often everything is treated as either amazing or terrible while, let's be honest, most movies usually range between okayish and pretty good. Really bad movies with nothing redeeming are rare and perfect movies are also very rare. Fortunately, there are many GREAT movies but they still have flaws and acknowledging them is okay and doesn't take away from how great they are. Likewise, there are many BAD movies but there's usually some aspect that deserves praise and it's frustrating when critics don't give credit to good stuff in bad movies. Nuance in criticism should be treated as something as important as nuance in art itself but it often isn't and it makes many reviews pretty frustrating to watch or read.
This 1st 20 minutes is ok. It was almost an Indiana Jones movie. The rest of it is unbearably terrible. And the lead character (spoiler alert: it's not Harrison Ford) is one of the most unlikeable characters I have ever seen in a movie.
movie was fucking trash are you insane?
God, I used to love Chris's reviews, but now its just way to obvious hes shilling for the big movies. Dude's defending Phoebe Waller Bridge's performance which was an asbolute disaster. I just came back from the movie, and it was pure torture, the only reason this movie got made is to once again promote feminism and to completely ruin another beloved male character. You fell low, Chris, its pathetic. Theres no honestly in your reviews anymore.
I am watching the movie as I write this, I found myself playing with my phone more than pay attention to the movie, it is boring, predictable and has bad characters.  I actually was rooting for the bad guy as he was more interesting  than the main characters especially the kid and the god daughter. At best and I am being really generous here it is a 5/10
Does this movie deserves to exist? From I have seen it doesn't.  I don't want to see Indiana Jones as a depressed 80 year old. The Last Crusade was a good ending to the character.
chris the shill likes this movie, ANOTHER red flag for me not to go and see it.
Kathleen Kennedy and her feminism ruined this movie. The character of Phoebe Waller Bridge was insufferable and was just inserted to steal the limelight from Indy.
waller-bridge tanked indy 5.   why mangold did not himself write a draft devoid of her contributions and character mystifies many.  spielberg was being polite but he must think it's trash.  waller-bridge and her off-putting smug feminist nonsense is a liability for film franchises and for movies in general.
It's nice to see you're not being an apologist this time like you did for star wars
Could be coming to the end of the system. Running out of ideas.
I liked it. It wasn't my favorite but it was better than the last one. The ending was a bit cheese, but pulled it off.
Hack.
Nice job. Nuance too! Subbed. 👍👍
I liked the movie, but whithout giving spoilers, this movie has the weakest villian death of the franchise.
Just saw it and I agree with just about everything you said. But Helena wasn’t likeable by the beginning nor end of the film and her dynamic with Indy just fell flat for me. To me she was a very awkward casting choice and felt out of place, great actress, but out of place.   And if they were going to bring back all of the nostalgia, where was Shorty? I feel like he would have been perfect to bring back and have him reconnect with Indy as a father figure instead of bringing a poorly written goddaughter that has little to no redeeming qualities.   But overall, glad I got to experience Indiana Jones with my mom and dad again
I really don’t get the hate this movie is getting, especially the references to it being “woke.”  I just saw this and loved it. If anything, Phoebe Waller Bridge’s character really helped moved the story along because Harrison Ford’s character is, frankly, a bit old and not able to move around like the young hero he once was. But any of us who have had to take care of an elderly parent or grandparent - this movie gave us the feels. Our once heroic parent is now a bit feeble.  But that’s ok since there is so much experience to pass along.   The historical settings were fantastic. The Spielbergian camera movements and framing were fantastic. The original music was phenomenal. The prologue was actually the weakest part because though Ford’s face looked realistic, his movements and voice were of an old man’s. It was a bit sad to see an old Indy. But they made it work with the rest of the characters. And the sublime ending. Oh, my. That was magical. And surprising. A fitting send-off to our hero, reminding us of the send-offs to the personal heroes in our own lives.
I've tried 3 times to watch Crystal Skull and couldn't manage it. I will give this a go and if I don't like it I'll just close my eyes and listen to the music.
Sorry dude don't agree - if the first 20 minutes had been the film I would have enjoyed it  - story line was dumb, PWB was annoying, the ending was a joke and you could tell that there was multiple reshoots involved in this film - my take: The first 20 minutes and John Williams music were great everything else was not good 4/10
I just got back from watching the movie and I really liked it! It had the heart of the original trilogy. The de-aging I thought was well done and didn’t bother me.
Oh and I'm subscribed to your film that you made and how tragic the RT scores are going to be.
I have no idea how and why you became famous. You are a vanilla dude that has vanilla takes. I continue to be shocked by people that became famous in the early years of YT and have now reaped the success..
Whats the choice? I am so confused I loved the ending when they use the dial and go to _____________, what issues is he talking about.
I'm sorry, this movie is Citizen Kane compared to Crystal Skull. They're not even in the same universe.
Writing was bad dude. Alot of bad cg other then the de aging
Here is a reviewer I won’t follow , I couldn’t disagree more with him,  I hated the movie and I give it a 4, spoiler alert ; first 20 minutes are AWESOME, then it is a free fall from there up to a point when you just don’t care anymore same as old Indiana simply just don’t care about living , he does not evolves in a way that he reconnects with a love for life. Definitely not my version of an old Indiana jones and I would not recommend this film to anyone , Except for the music of course and the first 25 minutes.
Disney put a target on their backs by clearly choosing a political side, and this movie as well as everything Disney is set to make some of the biggest bombs in cinema history
I don't know why you don't bring up how there is nothing suspenseful, nothing horrific, no big gore scene, etc. I can't give spoilers, but when you have a setup like the one where we see Antonio Banderas and you can't make that scarier suspenseful or gory? You failed.
WHY DOES EVERYONE HATE TEMPLE OF DOOM??
Nope
I enjoyed it, but I really wish they went with the ending where indie flies off into the sunset with his father, that would’ve really brought the tears.
Wanna see it if it's better than CS now at least, man they trashing this movie hard but I trust your opinion usually in general. Good critiques. Good to hear it's at least better even if it's still not up to the original trilogy.
There is no one who does the bad guy side kick that viewers want to see die SO badly better than Boyd Holbrook lol
I can’t respect you anymore. Just kidding. But really. After those 20 minutes it becomes the worst Indiana Jones movie ever.
"It looks like an Indiana Jones movie" is generous imo - the old movies are vibrant and visually striking, whereas Dial of Destiny is a whole lotta tan and gray. The daytime scenes are color graded so flat and uniform that they manage to make Morocco, Sicily, and New York City feel visually indistinct from each other
You know man, all due respect, I really hope you  get handsomely paid for the faint praise to this stinking pile of sh**. That I can understand, but liking Fleabag after what she pulled with James Bond and now with Indy?
Completely agree with you Chris. Saw it last night, and quite honestly, I don't understand the hate of this movie. It was a solid Indy film that had some parallels to the older ones....some subtle callbacks, if you will. The reality of Indy being of old age, anyone expecting him to be the badass he once was, just isn't realistic. I came to terms with that, and was thankful that Mangold still implemented moments where Indy was still "Indy", the cocky and confident, the never backing down from a challenge, but also moments where he was timid due to his understanding he can't do the things he used to. It was perfect, for the situation of "age" in my opinion.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge is more insufferable in this movie than she was as Lando's sexualized human attracted feminist droid in Solo... She was perfect for the role because she had never seen a Star Wars movie and didn't even know what a droid was... Take the cringe from her character in that movie and multiply it by 10...
I would genuinely like you to elaborate on your enjoyment of the CGI, while it was what bothered me the most during the movie... I don't understand how that can be a genuine belief considering we saw the same movie....
This one really makes up for the 4th film.
I also found it to be middle of the road in the series. I'm glad Disney didn't go all the way with its trend of aging heroes being made to look incompetent by someone younger (it was pushing it in parts, though) and the third act was very anticlimactic for me. Made me miss the days of nazi heads melting and hearts getting ripped out.
I just saw it - and Indy 5 was horrible.
They sideline his son killed him off in Vietnam and his wife Marion divorces him after they try to suck you in with the "extraordinary first 20 minutes" totally cucking Indiana Jones. Who gets bitched at shit talked the whole entire movie by a know-it-all can do everything Mary Sue strong female character...   She don't need Indiana Jones's old ass he needs her!!!🥴 Oh and let's not forget her little friend that knows everything because of course he does... This should have been about Indiana Jones and his Fuckin SON!!! Not his goddaughter whatever the hell. Copy paste insert foot in mouth female character. Complete clownery even the "critics" think this movie is trash. Don't listen to shill Stuckmann. Everyone that spoke out against the movie that supposedly didn't see it was right completely Fuckin right about absolutely everything.   I had a bunch of girls including my girlfriend and both of my friend's girlfriends bitching about her character and how terrible she was. 😂😂😂 I'm embarrassed James Mangold has seemingly fooled many of us over the years because he thinks it was absolutely necessary to have this independent strong feminist insert character to foil Indiana Jones. It was completely unecessary. Her character is Fuckin insufferable!!! I'm surprised she didn't grab the whip from Indiana Jones at one point and hit him over the head with it and call him the real nazi... I was expecting that to pop up at any time.   I can't believe this is the same guy who directed Copland, Identity, 3:10 to Yuma and Fuckin Logan one of my favorite films of all time!!! That movie showed how to properly use a strong female character. Dafne Keen, who was extremely popular with everyone who did an awesome job but unfortunately she hasn't been in anything else since😂😂😂 that's Hollywood for you.   She's playing a Jedi in the upcoming Star Wars show The Acolyte which will probably be hot trash especially after all this shit Leslye Headland just said but I digress. This is the guy that's going to direct the movie that explains the origins of the Jedi and possibly The Force?! Count meesah outta dissen one...
Gotta be honest, this movie was worse than Crystal Skull for me. This felt like a video game cash grab. Like Uncharted but much worse. Action was so cartoony and the comedy was so quippy. Ugh. It was a slog to sit through.
Not to give anything away but many critics are saying Indy 5 is too woke. I don't agree. Yes Phoebe Waller-Bridge has a significant role but I don't think she takes over. Indiana Jones is 70+ years old in this movie & I think he's depicted in a very fair & realistic manner especially when you take the backstory into consideration. Now the one negative is the CGI shit show in the first chase sequence. It's actually fine up to the point where Indy jumps from the car to the motorcycle. From that point & including a lot of the train sequence it's pretty horrible. Once it jumps to 1969 I think it does a fine job as an Indiana Jones movie. Even the plot is ok in my mind. Certainly much better than Crystall Skull & the end scene is a pretty nice send off for the character.
Just got out of my screening a few hours ago, and I genuinely loved this film. Is it perfect? No. But I wasn’t expecting it to be. It was a fun, final, ride that serves as a fitting epilogue for Indy. Doubt it will be for everyone, but for me, I really enjoyed it.
Ebert was definitely the goat
We enjoyed it.  I agree about the ending, but overall an enjoyable far fetched film, just what you’d expect of Indiana Jones.  It was a fun ride.
Absolute utter trash I can't believe this movie cost this much I can't believe they cucked my man Indiana Jones makes Crystal Skull look like Raiders of the Lost Ark... Of course this pleb will tell you otherwise. I can't wait for the Crystal Skull apologists to start I predicted it over a year ago it's actually already begun...
I can't help but notice how you have toned down most criticism of movies since your directorial debut. Reviews are subjective but some objective takes are necessary too.. when most of the Cannes audience is bored, am sure there is something fundamentally wrong with the film. And u are a hardcore Indie fan but I am surprised u don't see this movie as a denigration of the character in many ways. James Mangold is a brilliant director indeed but there is only so much great directors can do with shoddy material.
"I feel like we have become so binary. It's either good or it's bad, it's great or it's awful. And there's no room for nuance anymore which I just think it's awful."  I couldn't agree more.
For everyone that goes and spends money based on this guys recommendation  AND  ......  ANDDD   HATE this movie then dont forget to come back here ,  UNSUBSCRIBE and downvote this propaganda .
My expectation for this movie is like watching A View to a Kill.  Moore was my favorite Bond, but I can't deny how bad his last outing was.  The only thing great about it was the Duran Duran soundrack.    I guess you can take enjoyment seeing Moore do one more Bond film like Ford doing another Indiana Jones.  I guess that's the way to look at this film like seeing Goldberg do one more match even though he doesn't have the power and strength like he did twenty years ago    It just doesn't look appealing seeing grandpa Indy with a boring substitute looking teacher sidekick.  It might be a good film technique wise, but if it's boring, who's going to care.  The only people it might be good for are people studying film.  A good movie requires people wanting to see it multiple times.  Does this movie have that appeal.  Imo, no.  Kind of a far cry from Bond with a Bond girl or  Austin Powers with Elizabeth Hurly.  Both characters don't even look like they have any chemistry.
ok  Whatever u do dont let this be the only review u watch for this movie. This gasbag is shilling with no integrity.  This deserves thumbs down and unsuscribes .  If this is an honest review , (which it is not ) , He is in the wrong business of providing advice for what entertainment u should spend ur money on.
this man lost all credibility
Same villian from casino royale here
This means that any actor or actress can die and they can Still make movies of them
Just saw it i can actually recomend it
Remember when Chris was energetic and fun and REAL when he does reviews? Bring me back to those days.
What's up with this woke gay bull crap shirt?
Movie was waaay better than the last one and the de-aging is fine
Do you give any bad reviews at all to big budget movies?   Helena is INSUFFERABLE. And yes I have seen it. She ruins the movie by herself. Bridge ruins everything she touches.  I guess you gotta keep your access.
This is the fifth Indiana Jones review video I've watched and he hyped-up the film far more than the others. I don't know this channel, I don't know this dude, but it definitely feels over the top compared to the other reviews, which provided good detailed reviews including spoilers, but all agreed the movie was just abysmal. Way too much political correctness, too much copy/paste content from previous IJ films, etc.  This vid gives off "paid review" vibes.
The film was alright for me, the story just felt too rushed and the ending was pretty disappointing. Spoilers down below           Seems mental to me that the ending was literally Indy getting knocked out and then waking up and speaking to Marion. The film was better than crystal skull but the ending of the crystal skull felt much nicer to me than this one.
Temple of Doom was TERRIBLE 😂…LIKE even as a 1977 born teenager watching it again, and again because it was one of only 25-30vHs tapes I owned, I always felt silly watching the third act each time between 1990-1993. Like I needed a life.  However, thanks for the heads up on the CGI on the faces so I go into while on Netflix with that in mind. It will make the movie better knowing to overlook this. That is something I can overlook with your great heads up. 🎉
Jason Bourne (the 4th Bourne movie with Matt Damon) was bloody awful. That francise are still a trilogy as far as I'm concerned... The same applies to Indiana Jones.
Disney's check cleared?
Are there cars and trucks driving through a jungle without roads? Low, low, low bar about is it better than the crystal skull.
always WISHY-WASHY reviews, thats the reason redlettermedia crew cant stand you. this movie its woke trash.
*Part-Time!?!* - Indy
Unsubbed years ago. Just came here to see if he shilled on this travesty. You did not disappoint.
Good to see that Chris has remained a spineless sellout that bends over and praises whatever garbage Hollywood releases. Chris is the living proof that once you become part of the Hollywood machine, values like integrity and honesty vanish into thin air.
Sorry Chris but you gave me false expectations for this, it really made me appreciate crystal skull now
Having watched it, i thought it was very good! Granted i did just watch it 30 minutes ago, but I actually broke down crying when the credits rolled, sitting there with my mom and dad it just felt so personal. You might like it, you might not, but this will hold a special place in my heart probably❤
You're the only person on YouTube giving this a good review. I think the fact this is your favorite you can't accept it was an unnecessary film that shouldn't of happened
4:43 really can apply to general life over the past decade. It's sad that everyone feels the need to take the most extreme positions, even when it comes to something like films which are meant to be fun.
So you’re OK with trashing other cultures as they did in the so called trilogy? And the reference to voodoo is wrong.  Clearly, you have a problem with respecting other cultures.  And please don’t say, it is just a movie.
Sell out
The last time I went to Hollywood, I went to what used to be called, Grauman's Chinese Theatre to take pictures on my phone. Went there, heard a lot of kids asking "Who's Jack Lemmon?" "Who's Elizabeth Taylor?" I was there when Harrison pressed his hands in the cement, while pressing "Patriot Games." I got to meet the president of Paramount, Brandon Tartikoff. Seeing Harrison, good. Talking with Brandon, great!
I hate Chris Stuckmann.
that goodybag you got must have been really something ,welcome to the ranks of paid shrills chris stuckman
chris as turned into a paid shrill ,shame
Damn! Disney got him
Chris is like a big kid and that's a good thing  👍
I think the idea of a god daughter makes perfect sense.  Pairing indie with a woman was always how it was done, creating some distance that shame make him a deadbeat dad gives room for relationship growth without three full force is t thinking he was neglectful, and he's so old now, and a younger partner is necessary, having the family relationship instantly rules out any potential romance which would be inappropriate
I say this with all respect and as someone who is a huge IJ fan: there is a reason why the first three movies resonated with us. They were well directed and had less “bad ideas” than the prior two movies. Not trying to be mean, but I think Ebert would have canned both of these and referenced disappointment in them. Even the worst movie can have moments that shine, but it doesn’t mean it was a success and in fact - is the reason these last two films were panned. The guy narrating this video is sad because he’s not only trying to get us to like it, he’s trying to fool himself (again) into being okay that they plainly fucked this movie up with CGI and other horrible ideas. The truth hurts. This video refuses to just take the red pill and see the world the way it should be seen.
I’m with you on the whole nostalgia that the trilogy bring. It’s epic adventure, it’s utter nonsense if dissected but I can quote all 3 movies in 2 languages. They mean so much to me. Movie 4 was a dud but I just saw this one and it was an improvement for sure and jolly good fun
Anticipated? Are you nuts?...lol! You should have known better.
and there goes your integrity….RIP
There are three Indiana Jones films. And that is it.
Really enjoyed to movie! Question : in the trailer there was a scene where Indy and Helena move a big Boulder and let it fall, but I cannot remember seeing that in the movie. Did I miss it?
-You praised The Flash ( it was terrible and it bombed).  -You’re saying THIS is better than KOTCS. ( it’s not and it’s set to bomb as well)  If this movie came out 10 years ago you would have ripped this movie apart. You, Grace Randolph, and other that want so badly to be apart of this media press to keep your early access privilege is disgusting. I hope the price paid was worth it.
Disappointed in your apologetics and disregard of the Female Mary Sue upstaging this experienced older man..cause of course.
Its fun.  Some of it is really great.  It was great to see Mr Ford stretch out the character emotionally.  Surprisingly, it got a little misty at the end.    Having said that, the original trilogy is the last arc of the franchise in every regard.  I'd say go, but go for some fun, not to get blown away.
Just saw this opening day and it was very average. Indie isn't even the lead of the film btw. Just gonna ignore this film and move on.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge, just like Daisy Ridley, is Kathleen Kennedy’s hit-woman; humiliating and mocking the treasured legacy of old-heroes, *literally* stabbing them and smashing them in the face and shattering cherished boyhood memories to pieces all in the name of “uplifting women.”
Geriatric Indiana Jones! Wont be  wasting my precious time or money on that Hollywood trash!
They shouldn't made any Indiana Jones movies after the Trilogy. This movie is not focused on Indy. This movie is Bad. Very very BAD.
It's B or C movie.. if it were graded on imdb.. low 7s to high 6s.. i went in expecting it to be awful.. low expectations and it exceeded my low expectations. Not bad.. fun moments here and there. Liked the 1st 20 minutes or so best
What a sellout Review well done.
Too kind, perhaps conflicting priorities…
Cuckmann living up to his name.
I’ll only watch the first 15 mins for nostalgia sake ! The moment she comes on screen, I’m out ! 🙄🤦🏽‍♂️
Harrison Ford still does these movies so he can collect a huge paycheck. I guarantee in the back of his mind, he knows these will never live up to the original Indiana Jones movies, but how do you turn down millions of dollars especially when you have basically every demand imaginable in your contract lol. Not to mention, I’ve heard from multiple sources that Harrison Ford is somewhat of a dick, which kind of taints the whole thing.
De-aging will always be noticed no matter how good it is because it is unnatural.
So what did they do with Shia character mutt? Did they explain anything?
Crystal Skull has Nuke the Fridge!
It's Awesome
Crystal Skull was way better than the first 3, cant wait for this one
Went in with zero hype and expectations - liked it! Perfect film - no. Would suggest everybody to go in and see it for yourself with low expectations. I think Chris is pretty on point in this review.
I loved it. I agree you're looking for the seams in the de-ageing, but I wouldn't on a second watch because it's so well done. It's incredible. I thought this film was fantastic, a sold 7/10, a million miles better than Crystal Skull. Obviously, the sexist trolls will come for it, but they're wrong and not worth listening to.
I found this movie bether the Skull and Tempel
Hi Chris, I saw the movie yesterday - It was GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!
I think this new film makes Crystal Skull oscar-worthy. This film is a pile of SH*T. Woke feminism nonsense and Indiana Jones hardly lays a punch in the whole movie. He is literally a passenger for the entire movie and is hardly in it. The opening sequence is great then it's all downhill from there. Crystal Skull at least had some charm and nostalgia. This one is a reasonable action movie but it is NOT an Indiana Jones movie.
Come on, James Mangold is the master of "Good Enough".
Wokeiana Jones and the temple of trans
Sadly I was more distracted by the recycling of all the previous 4 movie soundtracks. Was a strange choice
h o n e s t t a l k
It was very enjoyable to me but it wasnt great. Too many ppl comparing it to the original trilogy. I actually thought the goddaughter was well written but many disagree
One of the dumbest reviews I've seen so far. Everyone says it's a terrible movie because of the lead actress, why Chris didn't go their I'll never know. Maybe he got that good old disney money.
Saw it yesterday and I fully agree with you, Chris. As a die-hard Indy fan, I was cautious to go see it after all these so called 'reviews' on YouTube, but I had a great time watching it. It's way better than Crystal Skull IMO, and I was really moved by the ending. Forget all the negative BS on the net about this movie. Grab your whip, put on your hat and enjoy this adventure!
Every since Chris reviewed the force awakens and loved it.. I can’t take this seriously.. from what I’ve seen and hear about this film.. it’s trash
Timestamps needed
Looking forward to watching Shelby oaks soon!
I have no idea what film you saw but after watching Indiana Jones and the dial of destiny yesterday its easily the worse one of the franchise.  Its only plus points are Harrison Ford and john William's score
even if it was ok I still wouldn't waste my money watching.
They did a good job deaging Harrison Ford’s face, but not his voice.
I can't wait to see this movie
I just don’t understand why they keep changing their de-aging techniques. When the one on Samuel L jackson in Captain Marvel was incredible and the best in the industry. Should’ve used the same process to make the indy flashbacks.
I'm not sure you can describe the relationship as unique if it's probably a version of the dynamic between Indy and his son in the prior movie.
Movie sucked.. Disney ruins everything.. very sad
$295m is going to be one hell of a hill to climb
Anyone here ever read the books?? Check ‘em out, they’re easy fun reads.
I saw it yesterday. I'm not sure what you mean by the choice in the last act?
Nostalgia is not enough.
the young Indiana Jones chronicles would make a fine bookend to this franchise.
Honestly, Temple of doom is easily the worst movie of the whole franchise. By far! So please stop treating the original triology like the holy grail. Dial of destiny is actually quite good and to me it's the third best Indy movie.
Y tibe sucks
Hope you don't sleep well and goodnight getting up to what you policically correct people call a days witk
The same withbAliens. Sig up her asss and ruined it yet her films were great..the worst one in England saw the demise of the NorthbEsst of England  ..filmed atbIci biliingham..I was there..or was it Wilton..fools
The most enjoyable film is the one withConnryy and I saw the first Blade Runner before  it took twenty odd years to recognize it as good and could make a better sequal to the 1 last one in my lunch break
Just saw this movie last night. Hadn't had this much fun seeing an adventure movie since Crystal Skull. Very happy with what I assume to be a sendoff to the character but might not be. Personally, I didn't focus on the de-aging at all, except when it was first shown and I took a brief moment to appreciate how flawless it looked. After that, I just stopped thinking about it because this isn't even the first time we've seen a younger Indy in one of these movies before. If anything, it felt LESS out of place in this movie than it did in Last Crusade because Last Crusade literally used a completely different actor and we're all used to seeing an Indy that looks this young, without being too young.
I will add a comment being 52 years of age and love this man like my Dad..both the same age and both Heroes..one real one not..but after seeing yesterday's interview ..the man is as a man Harrison Ford is a hero
“It’s a pretty good Indiana Jones movie”…😆! Chris getting more and more intellectually dishonest and apologist like a mini -Campea. Bye Chris!
The first bad idea was the title….
I thought Chris said no more negative reviews?
Great sequel and book end to the saga!
This movie sucks balls and I will laugh uproariously when it inevitably flops.
Just got out of the theatre I’m surprised how much i enjoyed the movie
Yes CGI in beginning is very bad - especially whens hes running on that train - How TF they let that one fly I dont know - the de aging is okay, you will notice it, especially when hes talking, wich is why, I assume, he dosent have much dialog in the beginning - Other than that, i love it!!
Yes. I was like this - As long as its better than Kingdom of the Crystalskull... But the issue with that is, that farting in a empty can is better than Kingdom of the Crystalskull...
Garbage.
Couldn’t agree more with Chris on this one it’s by no means a bad film it has a lot of great ideas but it also has one or two really awful ideas that for me unfortunately hurt the movie from being good to just okay. However if you can sit through crystal skull then go see this film because I think it has more to offer
Better than Crystal Skull is a pretty low bar, but I do like how you point out the good and the bad.
It feels three hours long. Why do they have to talk so much during chase scenes? Which are visibly sped up - is the effect supposed to be charming?  Punishing the viewer with constant green screen.  WAY worse than the last one. Like, falling asleep worse. Blacklist this director.
Saw Indy 5...there's an Indy movie in there not great but enjoyable..but you have to find it, the idea is good but the character treatment and the length of this movie is what it make it another loss of "ancient" franchises...nevertheless some cane enjoy it. because it's Harrison Ford indiana Jones last adventure (and i will support any Harrison Ford movie, the John Williams score is gorgeous)  Mangold did the job...a job...but I really think no one other than Producer Lucas and Director Spielberg can create an adventure named Indiana Jones (abd i assure you no matter what IJATCS is better) And PWB is...😮‍💨
Just saw it. Better than crystal skull but still not as good as the originals. Good send off I guess although the ending felt rushed and it was a little fan-service-y. The whole movie also looks very artificial. I'm not certain if it's a camera lens choice or the colour grading or something but everything feels like it's been photoshopped
And u said this film is good? Huh? I just saw it and it was abysmal
In Chris's review of Crystal Skull I was pleased to hear him lament the overexposed lighting of that film. To me, if I had to put my finger on it, that was the single biggest thing that made that film "feel" wrong. In hindsight, I can see what they were going for, trying to recreate the world of a 1950s Scifi B movie. The other main problem of that film for me was the supporting characters- poorly written, with weak motivations and just generally unlikeable. I was never especially bothered by some of the more controversial elements- the Nuke the fridge scene, and the sci fi ending- there were equally implausible things in all the previous films if one is being objective. What one can't deny, relooking at the Crystal Skull (the opening scene alone for example) is the sheer virtuosity of the filmmaking by Spielberg. The synergy between John William's score and the musical rhythm Spielberg's camera  capturing the musical beats is the equal of any of the first three films (perhaps even surpassing them at points). For me this latest film goes some way to capturing the aesthetic of the original films all-be-it some-what darker. On paper it is generally a better film, with stronger characters (for the most part) and more interesting ideas in terms of developing the character. But it still doesn't feel like an Indiana Jones film to me- because however competent a director James Mangold is- you just can't make up for the virtuosity of Spielberg- he does his best to try and frame it in a similar way, to move his camera in the same way, to use closeups in the same way- but for me, this film definitely lacks Spielberg's signature directorial touch.  This is most noticeable in the chases. Don't get me wrong, they are well done. But they just don't look like Spielberg. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it.
If you would like to know about this movie, the dialogue is as follows....throughout the movie, a bunch of people will yell at the top of their lungs.......INDEEEEEEEEEE...INDEEEEEEEEEEEE...INDEEEEEEEEEEEEEE....INDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...INDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...INDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE....INDEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...the end
Shilling
Even deaaged Harrison Ford couldn't take my focus on bad CGI when he was running on that train that was like watching Star Wars The Clone Wars.
The Feminist angle really turned me off , it seemed so forced and unnecessary. K. Kennedy seems to push an agenda not entertainment.
i missed your rating point on the movie
I really liked the movie. It hit every note I expected an Indiana Jones movie to hit. What I'm more disappointed about is that people have jumped on a weird hate-wagon with arguments like "I only like the Last Crusade, nothing can top it!" without giving it a chance. I like the 1st, the 4th (yes, you heard me) and this one the most. Temple of Doom and Last Crusade personally felt bad to me, and couldn't bear watching them through a second time.
So what im getting from this review is its a good 6 out of 10.
Have som very similar feelings, better than Crystal Scull, but doesn't touch any of the original trilogy, a good Indy film, and that final scene gave me some tears 😢
I loved the part where Kathleen Kennedy’s self insert character commandeered and ruined the entire movie 👍🏻 luckily they only made 3 Indiana Jones films, so nothing of value was lost.
The CGI is actually decent enough, I was expecting far worse.  The first 25 minutes were entertaining.  The Tangiers kid, however, has zero charisma, I kept thinking of Short-round from Temple and what a difference that was! The English chick is terribly obnoxious, the end totally forgettable, I will always remember the The Last Crusade and what a closure that was.  People were actually cheering in the theatre back in 1989!  Bringing back Marion at the very end was desperate and a total lack of imagination.....
I loved it. Cried at the end. I feel kind of bad for Indy and Marion that Mutt went the way he did, if indeed he did go the way it was told.
I just watched it today, and it's not a disaster at all. There are a few feminist elements, which I dislike, but they are kept to a minimum. Overall, in my opinion, it is one of the best instalments.
What a pretentious self-absorbed intro. God, who cares? There's something good in every film. And have a cup of coffee next time before you do your bit. I don't see much growth in this dude.
Refereshing to see someone not trash this movie.  Seems to be the new anti-woke take that most critics I've read are following.  I don't care one way or another since I loved the first IJ but the rest were just more cash ploys by the studios.  I however would love to see this movie break all box office records just to watch their smug asses squirm.
Jason Bourne IS a bad movie.  This one is fine. It's fun. No way it's horrible as many have claimed.  But JB IS horrible.
I’m a day one fan and I like them all ..
Kinda knew you would give. It a good review.  You did like The Last Jedi.
it's nice hearing someone give the movie a fair shake, I might give it a chance in home theaters
I couldn't agree more ☺️ despite the "flaws," I had a great experience watching the movie 💙
Just seen the dial of destiny at the cinema. I don't get the negative reviews to be honest.  I highly enjoyed it. Miles better tyan the Kingdom skull but what ever people say about The dial of destiny i thought it was genuinely a good film. Does it match to the original 3 Indiana Jones films No but its still a good last outing for Indiana Jones though i generally still think it should have ended with the last crusade.
This felt more like a fan of Indy dealing with not liking the movie but not wantin to actually say it. Sayin this movie is better than the worst movie of the franchise is sort of a non point. And maybe Chris is drinking the Kool Aid again like he admits about Crystal Skull.
these shills are getting lazy
I just saw it and honestly not bad. I’d give it a generous 7 over 10. Enjoyed it more than Crystal and there were some cool references and callbacks to the previous films. This movie tho does have that one annoying thing that Force Awakens also has. Also has a bit lack of action scenes. It’s more on adventure than action. I definitely wanna see it again. One last thing this de-aging imo is leagues better than Deepfake Luke, De-aged Tony Stark and Michael Douglas
I am glad you liked it. I was absolutely waiting for YOU take, not the clearly bias "Fire Kennedy" crowd that will hate this no matter what and claims "wokeness". I watched the trailers and didn't see any "wokeness," I liked the trailers. I'm excited for it. I hope I walk out happy, but as I said, I'll go in with reasonable expectations.
Yeah it's not terrible but it's not good either.
Hey Chris,  I just donated $100.00 to the VFX tip jar. I appreciate your sentiments on decent payment for artists. I know it’s not a lot but I hope it helps reach your goals. Thanks for all the great content over the years.  Take it easy, Michael Turks and Caicos 🏝
Temple of Doom is my fave
just saw this and I now cannot help to think your reviews for flash and this were influenced somehow movie is just right down awful  opening is awesome but from that point onwards the movie is pure garbage another franchise hero ruined by millennials writing wasn't even disappointing this script deserves all the hate it's getting
Movie was not perfect - but I loved it anyway. The third act is very different and not without faults, but it was great to see something new and bold. Unlike recent Star Wars movies this one brings a new twist to an Indiana movie !
Seems like every time there's an effects heavy film out the effects is what people mainly comment on. A strong case can be made for the best CGI being indistinguishable from that which is actually there. However, sometimes surrealism is the ticket, and other times you simply want something that looks cool. Case in point, the original King Kong, which nobody would describe as being realistic nowadays. Another problem might be that much as each of us has a discrete sense of smell, or hearing, we also often appear to *see* things differently too. Unlike you, I completely forgot that I was looking at a de-aged Harrison Ford, although I would hasten to add that this was not the case when it came to the rather ghastly Star Wars forays into the process. Jeff Bridges in Tron was much better, but I was still aware that this was a CGI rendering. I would end by saying that Indy's de-aging in Indy 5 is possibly some of the best there is because I wasn't aware there was CGI in effect till the thunderingly obvious hit me and I remembered that of course there was.
Chris...as an Indy fan, you can't honestly say you enjoyed this. Were you paid off or something? You honestly enjoyed seeing the last masculine, male action hero reduced to a miserable, broken old man who's lost everything and to be constantly berated by a hateful feminist who has to school Indy on "toxic masculinity"? They do this time and time again because they want to remove masculine male role models but you see no problem with that? You do know that his son was deleted so that there would be no male heir and that this hideous woman will be the "hero" from now on? Kathleen Kennedy, Phoebe Waller Bridge, masculine feminists sticking it to "toxic males"? No thanks, that's completely unappealing to me and any self respecting Indy fan would say the same. There are only 3 Indy movies and it ended with Indy and his friends riding off into the sunset.  I just can't take you seriously sometimes.
Im going to watch this, but not in the cinema, this is the kind of movie i pay for Disney + for.
I just got out of the cinema after watching...that was absolutely fantastic. Better than Temple of Doom, better than Crystal Skull. Go see it everyone.
I need the dial so I can go back and make the movie never exist
Just watched this here in Australia. can't wait for your spoiler video.
Haha I love that Chris's mum has no idea what IMDB is and doesn't care what critics say. It's like "Hi honey, how have you been? Oh wait I don't care..."
I just attend the Dial of Destiny and I might later on review it later on my channel.
7 minutes in and i’ve still not heard anything about the movie, just a lot of talk about yourself and now about your mom? I’m switching off. I wanna hear actual reviews rather than a lot of self-reflection
I don't care what the critics say. As long as Indy gets a good conclusion, I'll appreciate it.
Is this a paid review? The movie is very bad. You don't have anything but praise for this awful movie.  Clearly you're a Disney shill. You probably praised the Force Awakens.
Dial of Destiny was way better than Last Jedi and Rise of Skywalker
The mistake the producers made with the following movies is that they relied on the Nazis or the Russians to be the antagonists. In Raiders of the Lost Ark, the antagonists weren't the Nazis ..it was a rival antiquities hunter named Belloq. He just happened to sell his services to the Nazis. They should've kept Indy out of politics.
Please,  do Shazam 2 !!!
Indiana Jones  ? Ahhh no thank you Hollywood  ! I prefer Samurai Cop every day and night 👍
To hell with that stupid feminist phoebe
Ill still not watch this BS just coz Disney wants to push their propaganda.
Well I've always been a fan of destiny dials
Oof, you're right about nuance being lost in film discussion these days.
Why didn’t they acknowledge operation paper clip?
You sound like Louis C.K. Thank you for the content. Just found you today because of things
I will support your film if you tell me Where do you get your tees ?
By right, Indiana Jones can not die since he drank 'the water of life' in Indiana Jones sequel 3. He (Indiana Jones) can only stays old...
Indiana Jones gets his pension
Indiana Jones 6: Dial it down a little
So your mom is a bad JW?  lol
Chris Pratt would make a fantastic Indy, I hope it gets rebooted with him....
kinda skimmed through this but pretty sure Chris said he is nonbinary. now we can refer to chris as they instead of he
I was really worried this movie was going to be like Rambo: last blood. Hearing it’s at least better than crystal skull is a big relief honestly
how much were you paid to shill for these guys
don't spend money on this crap. more woke nonsense ruining a classic IP.
Yay Mom! 🎉
Roger Ebert RIP … you are so on point about the strange state of movie criticism. I’m watching it tomorrow at a sneak preview.
Phoebe WB is so highly unlikeable.
thanks for this balanced and, yes, nuanced review. a lot of the other material I've found so far on YouTube about this film has been a lot more, well, let's just say a bit unbalanced.... 👍
Maybe I'm in the minority, but I don't think Crystal Skull is any worse than Temple of Doom.
What a shit review. "Bend your perceptions to make this a good movie" . No, I want to be entertained without having to work at it. When people are paying me to watch the movie, then I'll work at it.
The Next Movie should Explain Noah’s Ark   The first movie was about the Ark of the Covenant   It only stands to reason that Indiana would also be keeping up with Noah’s Ark as well   The Movie could explain that Noah’s Ark was about civilization building   The Movie could explain things like language consolidation   The movie could explain things like   “The Ark was sealed in Gopher Pitch”  That was talking about sharing knowledge and wisdom   Consolidating tribal languages   Uruk Iraq 🇮🇶 was the old Mesopotamia settlement where all this took place
I hold Temple of Doom in such low esteem (no diss on Short Round), and Crystal Skull in a bit more esteem than much of the hardcore…  I’m just not worried about this movie at all. Really looking forward to it, and confident it’ll be worthwhile for me.
A lot of youtube film criticism is nitpicking. Movies have flaws and plot holes, we get it. I'd like to hear more good faith engagement with themes and technical stuff. Talking about other channels,  not this one.
Chris, I really appreciate you empathy in this review. So many You Tubers are being overly cruel in how they review this movie. Harrison Ford deserves some modicum of respect for all the emotional times he's given us throughout his career and you are one of a few who reviewing this with grace.
What a boring, non-review. Chris Shillman. Click right here to get shilled at.
I think this is better than the Last Crusade. That movie is dumb and it’s sucks and it’s stupid and boring and terribly directed and the acting is bad.
I've gotten to the point where I'm good at pretending others movies don't exist. To me, Raiders of the Lost Ark is the only Indiana Jones movie 🙂
While Harrison is 78 years now. It does seem from this reviewer who has seen it that he manages to pull it off. Which is great because I have been a big fan of this great actor since his heyday in the mid 1980s as an 11 year old kid today I am nearly 50 into middle age and feeling the aches and pains and effects of aging. Seeing him back on screen is like seeing a good old friend or even a family member you liked and missed back in your life again. I wish Harrison Ford all the best even in the final years of his life he is embracing life in his old age and giving us memories to remember him by.
Chris has lost the plot or is it lost his fastball?  Something is off here...and sad.  And James Mangold is NOT a great director.  He is a competent director. What Mangold is, essentially, is a counterfeit of Steven Spielberg, who is, himself, a counterfeit of Howard Hawks and Michael Curtiz.  Mangold is slick and facile and in total control of the latest film technology but he is all surface cunning with no heart and his imagery is trivial, superficial and with no long-lasting after-effect. Mangold is the fast food king of modern film...move over Baz Luhrmann and Michael Bay.  If Billy Wilder is a representative of the golden age of film, Spielberg is a representative of the silver age, and Mangold a representative of the current bronze age, each age a dimunution of the previous one, the diminishment coming in terms of soulfulness even as the power of the technology increases. The Iron Age, will, no doubt, dispense completely with all physical reality...actors, props, physical locations...and be done entirely by Artificial Intelligence, including the writing and directing. Mangold's shiny artificiality is halfway there already.  Defending the downwards-spiralling dreck of such films as this one merely adds another branch to the raging bonfire that is consuming humanity.
Hrrison Ford stated in an interview this will be his last film as the character. Not because he doesnt want to. Is because he is old and cant play it anymore.
Man, it really sucks how Stuckman has completely abandoned actual criticism of anything since he’s started making movies. I know he doesn’t want to burn bridges, but he’s completely lost his soul in the process. I don’t ever watch his reviews anymore, I thought maybe this one would be different…but it wasn’t. Unfortunate.
Bro, I can’t handle the cope in this video
Chris Shillman
Indiana Woke and the Dire of disaster was worse than the Boredom of shia LaBeouf
Chris Stuckmann is so careful with his non-reviews that it’s pointless to watch them. It’s like it “it wasn’t as bad, but sometimes it was bad, in some places it was good, but it’s overall ok”. It’s like he is afraid to say the wrong word that will affect his viewership on YouTube
What’s wrong with Chris Stuckmann’s face?
was giving up on this film after that last one, but Chris once again sold me the film. Now i can't wait to watch this!
Damn, throwing away all your street cred  to say this movie wasn’t bad?
Maybe better to have them than not as long as it’s not terrible 🤣
Soz to upset everyone but saw Temple of Doom for the first time last night. If you look at these movies without nostalgia it’s honestly not a great film. People love talking about how these new ones ‘ruin a perfect trilogy’ but I doubt this one is worse.
I'm weird, but my order of favoritism for the ones I've seen are: Raiders of the Lost Ark Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Last Crusade Temple of Doom
You're too nice. Movies suck lately and especially Disney movies.
There is one thing I can expect from disney, that they are adept in ruining every good franchise with virtue signaling craph that they have lately been spurting out. Wallet Safe.
Nerdrotic calls it “Indiana Jones and The Insufferable Feminist,” and after reading Phoebe Waller Bridge’s recent comments attacking the fans (which seems to be par for the course when movies and shows casts and crew are upset that people don’t like their material - here’s looking at you Rings of Power) this is enough for me to boycott this film. I’m sick of Disney ruining everything. First their own classics with the remakes, then the MCU, then Star Wars and now Indy. Nah. I’m done giving Disney any more of my money especially when they’re going to try and guilt trip me about not liking their poor quality products.
I havent seen it. but I bet she's far far superior to him and laughs at how stupid her dad is...
Why this is not a new 1993 movie, how is it 2023 if it not 1993 movie no more?
Why Indiana Jones 4 is coming here in 1993? Harrison Ford is busy doing his new movie The Fugitive.
Im with your mom on this. If this movie entertains me for two and a half hours, I’m happy with it. My biggest issues with cultural criticism in any form these days is that people think that every single thing that entertains the cultural zeitgeist needs to conform perfectly to their expectations in order to justify its existence. They’re movies, for God’s sake.
I don't think reviewers with a political lean should be "called out" any more than reviewers that "pander". The behind the scenes political mess behind a movie is sometimes an indicator of what to expect. Even if you don't care about the politics they will affect the movie with reshoots, cut material, and marketing strategies. Like disrespecting their own audience on Twitter. Which is insane imo.  As a person that tries to stay neutral, I haven't heard one critique or fact that disproves what those "political reviewers" said so far which means to me this is a "I'll watch it one day" or  "borrow from a friend" at best.  Just like Crystal Skull.
Imo it should have just stayed as a trilogy. Four wasn't completely horrible I'd say it was fairly average but like the Disney live action remakes it's just so unbelieveably unnecessary. I'll see it certainly and as always I try to go in with an open mind but like a lot of media nowadays it's just content well basically just purely for money and the sake of content so to speak.
Where is Marion? Didn't they get married in the last one
Nice review, I think people are going to pile on this movie because it's easier to diss something than actually give critical thought.
I wish your reviewers were still counted on rotten tomaotes so that the score could rise a little bit with this good review.
Wow. That’s a vanilla review. Basically 10 minutes of nothing (as always). Except for that part aber Ebert. What a waste of time this channel has become
If Indy passes his hat to his God-Daughter, then... this movie blows. If the movie ends and we get an after credits scene of his God-Daughter at the start of an adventure, this movie blows.  It's called Indiana Jones.  Not "Some Chick" who knows Indiana Jones.
its better than crystal skull,,,, leaves a lot of room for it to be a terrible movie  By reviving a franchise the creators set expectation of at least a minimum standard set by the franchise.  When they continue to fail to meet even minimum standard it becomes a shameless money grab.  Fans are totally justified to take the gloves off.  If a creator wants to be judged on the nuances of the story then release a "new" story and stop reviving established story lines that come with expectations the new creators have no intention of meeting to begin with.
Well at least someone liked it.
Hey, Chris!  Just want to make a quick comment about your video.  Awesome job!  I love the simplicity of your presentation; I can tell you're just *being yourself.*  No overly excited voice - like I'm listening to a motivational speaker - or gestures, yet you're still engaging.  I can tell you're interested in the topic and yet you display that in a natural way.  Good stuff!
I think the problem with this movie and crystal skull is that they do acknowledge age and it's a buzzkill. If you asked me 30 years ago if I'd want to see a movie about 80 year old Indiana Jones and have it be about how old he's gotten, I'd laugh at you. Now we're supposed to think it's some great meditation on mortality but really it's just sad. It feels like an unnecessary embarrassing of the hero and the artificial promotion of another character to replace him. I won't pay to see this movie because it does not respect its own heritage. It only exploits it.
I am going to skip this film. I love film, but I have grown past those times that I will go out and pay money for a flawed and compromised production. Furthermore, I do cringe a bit when I see the amount of sequels at the movies. Now, if that sequel appears to be another special movie, then yes, count me in. But when a franchise puts out another tired product, it really seems to be a simple cash grab relying on past excellence. I for one, will have none of it. Sorry, but this one is a hard pass for me.
My hangup with de-aging actors is you can make him look young, but he'll still move like an old man.
The last crusade was a shit ending. He just rides off into the sunset and that’s all we ever see of our hero? Just disappears like a fart in the wind? I don’t think so. We need to see him get married have kids, retire and raise a family and become a father figure to his son. We never would have gotten that closure had they never made KOTCS or DOD. the last crusade just left us with unanswered questions like kids, marriage, retirement. Ect ect. And we get those with these final two films
Ima say it again and again. Crystal Skull is really not that bad, aside from the jungle swinging scene. 🤷‍♂️
One of Chris' worst reviews imo. Really let his fanboy biases cloud any kind of meaningful discussion or criticism this time around
Why did Chris spend most of this review talking about Crystal Skull and constantly drawing comparisons to Crystal Skull? This was a very strange review which gave the impression that Chris wanted to avoid talking about Dial Of Destiny as much as possible.
Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny -  Movie Review: Say no more, I beg you. Let's not put into the ether that about Back to the Future... But 100% agree; The Last Crusade was about as good of an ending of a trilogy as you could get. For me, that's when the series ended. I'll likely watch this when it comes to streaming (and likely once, just like I did Crystal Skull).
Harrison Ford is one of the most underrated actor in cinema interms of winning major awards for his performances like the fugitive & even airforce one (he is the best American president in cinema).
When do we get a spoiler version?
1:50 this problem only exists because no film could ever live up the the originals. The box office now is mostly a cash grab. I think Dune Part 2 & Oppenheimer will be great for 2023.
Why Cris, did you review this positive. It's a woke piece of not so good.
Chris is impervious to the current culture war. I dig it. I'm not. But I can dig it. 👏👏👏
How this a good film? Indy dies in the end and never existed and makes all films none caon
Dont wanna burn any bridges and keep getting invited to press screenings, eh?
Gee. This looks like a hostage video.
I don´t know how this good ideas would overcome this awful photography the movie has, and the bad bad cgi. It looks like a Jurassic Park movie. Don´t anybody just pay attention of the dp?
Before I click on any movie review video, I look at the channel's main page. If every headline is "Disney HUMILIATED" "M-SHE-U IN TROUBLE!" "LUCAS EVISCERATES WOKE STAR WARS", I not only do not watch the first video. I click on that "do not recommend channel" button. It's not to say I don't cringe at heavy handed wokeness. I'm just sick to death of narrative-obsessed drivel. I know it's very lucrative to cry and be angry with the masses for a living, but to me it's garbage.
I think it’s gonna suck. You might owe me $20.
Are you compensated by any element of the movie industry for your favorable reviews?  Are you trying to curry industry favor for your own movie?  If you are willing to say that this movie is worthy of people’s time and money, it doesn’t bode well for the story you’re looking to tell.
SPOILER ALERT: At the end of this film, Indiana Jones moves to Kentucky and is now known as KENTUCKY JONES.
Its crazy how people can make bad comments on a movie without any credibility. If Christipher Nolan for example would say something i would understand but making a review for someone that is not even  a director or well known director for me is insane😅
Did you feel like you drank the Kool Aid back when you saw Crystal Skull? You had stuff you pointed out in that review that you disliked too, so I am very surprised that you liked this movie. The Intro is meant as an homage to the old films, so of course you like it. But the rest of the film is horrible...
So it sounds good and fun. Not fantastic but good
Damn this bugman got the check from disney
Thanks Chris very excited about this film
Dial of Disaster
I've not watched this bull shit review just as I've not watched any of them on YouTube. Isn't it amazing how so many amateur bloggers seem to have been given access to this movie a full 2 weeks before it's UK release date of June 28th! Loads of them! Like hundreds!! I'm calling bull shit on this, I'm afraid. So many sad individuals who try to scratch a living by making YouTube videos instead of going out and getting a proper job, there so desperately trying to be the first to see something so they can review it first. To the point they just read as much as they can about a certain film, then make up a review. It's NOT out until the end of the month, and only professional journalists get previews, not YouTubers. Funny how all these fake ass reviews are exactly the same. Some butt hurt 30 year old saying its just like the Crystal Skull, and they should have stopped at Crusade. Truth is, people, this film looks amazing and probably will be! Just remember most of us saw the original trilogy through kids eyes so we weren't as sceptical but believe me the original films had there dodgy moments, and I think Raiders is the greatest thing ever laid down on film. Don't listen to these sad losers sat in their parents' basements obsessed with likes and views. Just enjoy the movie for what it is...a bit of popcorn fun for a couple of hours, it's Indiana Jones, not Schindlers List.
I didn't bother to see this one because they keep leaving out Ke Huy Quan. Like, The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull had Shia LaBeouf, an actor so bad at his craft that he had to abuse his girlfriends to get into various roles he's played, calling it his "method." I was a kid when these movies came out, so I always kinda thought Marion and Indy adopted Short Round. Anyway, I haven't got much interest since they refuse to give us any clue as to what happened to Short Round after Temple of Doom.
Flea bag
Jeremy jahns to hear what your friend thoughts of the movie.    Chris stuckman to get an in depth ultimate movie fan's thoughts on the movie
The biggest 'jumping the shark' moment is that someone had sex with toby jones
Mangold's best is easiest Logan
Crystal skull was better than temple of doom but both are bad
So you were wrong previously....
Lowering your expectations on this one is a bad move imo. Do not EVER settle for mediocrity. Expect a great movie. This is a sketchy review from my point of view... the movie doesn't deserve all this.
Not a fan of the Indian Jones or not interested of the character either but that just me though Chris in my opinions bro
Ya it sucks.
I have less problems with Skull than most.  Two things I think it did do right was Blanchett's villain and the return of Karen Allen.  Blanchett was certainly the most memorable villain since the originals.  The villains in Doom were not great and does anyone even remember the imminently forgettable dull villain from Last Crusade?  In fact, does anyone remember anything from Last Crusade other than the chemistry between Ford and Connery.  That film had literally that one thing going for it that people forget the anti-climactic chase scenes, the weak leading lady, and the fact that they reduced serious characters from Raiders to outright buffoons.
Sellout!!!
Bro this guy is the biggest shill in the world idk why anyone takes his opinions seriously lmao.
Since 2005, Mangold does 2 pretty mediocre/bad films and then 2 really good ones.  Ford v Ferrari was great.  With Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny we have started a new cycle of 2 mediocre/bad films.
Was Crystal Skull necessary? Was Dial of Destiny? I believe that there's no heart in these films...I mean just leave it alone, so maybe there are some things that might be good....but it's excrutiangly painful to see this character being abused in this way. And Chris wants to be in the industry so he just throws flowers at every film so he can belong. It's sad. This film is bad period. We don't need an ancient Indiana doing any of this, bring new ideas.
South Park was wrong, they raped Indy again.
Sorry dude , you were too nice glossing over Phoebe Waller Bridge’s terrible performance of herself . She sucks period and ruins the film
Why does it sound like he trying to convince himself?
Calling it now, we're getting an "I Was Wrong About Dial of Destiny" video in the future
Chris is such a shill... I'm still waiting for that rings of power season review lol but of course he won't touch it because it was garbage and his original take was pure cringe.
Thank you. You kind of reignited a want to see this. By the way the one element everybody hates of the crystal skull is a boring script that doesn't pay off.....thats the begining and end of it.
Great review. Thx!
Doomcock was right
I think you have probably given the most positive and kind review of this film then most people have so far.
Lol this critic is shrilling for Disney.  This is a garbage film and that Phoebe wench sucks. Don't listen to guys like this.
Thank you for an honest review. I’m going to see it Thursday.
The Last Crusade was the best of the series. Should have ended it but woke snowflake liberals ruin everything like always.
omg you are a sellout now
To be honest, this doesn’t feel like a review.  This is Chris walking on eggs around the elephant in the room. To use the worst entry in the franchise as a yardstick does not help it either.
We’ve become so binary because these so-called producers keep taking established characters, characters we loved and completely and utterly upend their arcs, for seemingly no purpose. Instead of building from previous movies they take this strange choice of reversing whatever the previous movie did. It seems like you’ve accepted this idea that every movie should be viewed in a vacuum and that the criticism should never go beyond that particular movie. Unfortunately that thinking is what got us here today bad scripts and writers strike. The original Indian jones were great movie so much so that they built cult followings. Do you think these new Indian jones would have created the same love if they were the original? I think you’ve become way too forgiving of the lazy non creative writing that’s been occurring over the past few years.
No, thanks. Kathleen Kennedy destroyed Star Wars and is destroying Indiana Jones for political agendas. 🙄
The comment section has become infested with the very same people Chris obviously dislikes and is trying to avoid. He gave an honest review with his opinion and a large number of incel losers are here saying "no, you didn't like it, admit it". They are so desperate for everyone to dislike it (because of their own political opinions) and anyone who doesn't dislike it is apparently dishonest and "safe".
Let's be clear here. This film was an attempt to assassinate an icon of our generation in his own film, and it must be said that this attempt did not come from the villain of the story. I can't understand what they see in Phoebe Waller-Bridge, other than her series. In this Indiana Jones, she is just another Mary Sue, wanting all the merits without having yet deserved them.
Thanks! I'm definitely seeing the film.
You can see the sorrow in Chris' eyes. That poor man deserves better.
The trailers had me intrigued ngl. Loved the supporting cast and James Mangold’s work leading up to this.
Why does every one knock crystal skull that movie was awsome.
Poor review. Why cant you just be honest???
Even numbered Mario Kart games are better than odd numbers. Odd numbered Indiana Jones movies are better than even number ones.
You forgot to mention how great Mutt and the Crystal Skull plot are in Crystal Skull. You shouldn't worry about CG gophers and monkeys when now we have an obvious CG Indiana Jones. So, shouldn't you be adding points to Crystal Skull now if you're going to say this is better? And since we now have time travel, you need to give a pass to aliens.
This dude likes every bad movie . You know his own projects will be shit
My beef with Phoebe is that they are essentially sacrificing Indiana for her. If she's a great character for the movie, that's great. However, if she's the replacement for Indy, it's completely dishonorable to the character. I've personally had the belief that Indiana Jones could be treated like James Bond, where you have different actors that play the character and that his films are just the hunt of different historical relics and fighting WWII nazis.
Seems a bit...too wishy washy of a review. You really play up on the emotions there talking about your personal experiences throughout the vid. Be honest with yourself, is the ending REALLY going to be a good sendoff for Indy? That with all your talk on how your mother feels, would she been happy with the ending of the movie or how Indy gets treated?
Everybody hates everything anymore.  People are impossible to please.  And, they hate because it's the cool thing to do.
The eye liner, isnt not workin there buddy
All 4 movies kept me entertained, even crystal skull, and that's all I look for in a movie: Did it keep me entertained?
I keep hearing reviewers say "don't go in expecting a great film", but why shouldn't we have higher expectations for films? A mediocre Indie film is a bad Indie film if the original trilogy set the bar so much higher. The problems aren't so much the direction as the writing being a mess and a poor excuse for a sequel and characters that behave more like modern politically correct nags instead of how people would have behaved in the 60s. It's not good writing and I think we should expect better.
Please do a review of the "Young Indiana Jones" tv series from the 90s.
You liked temple of doom as well? Good god man, in order to be a true fan of something, you need to be able to critique it too. I love Raider and Crusade, but Temple is better suited for those who like annoying screaming women, silly stereotypes, flying plot armor rafts, and enjoy watching child abuse done by Indy himself. But I guess you probably look at it as “it’s so bad, it’s good” and I can kind of see that.
John Williams did not score classic after classic as you claim. Remember the Disney Star Wars trilogy? I can’t remember a single musical theme or piece from those 3 horrible movies. Even Williams couldn’t make his score shine out of that mess, which reveals limits to his musical compositions.
I will not go to or buy this movie. He should have done  movies during 90s
Since you're a real Indy fan, I actually feel relieved after watching your positive review. I would take a fan's honest opinion over critics any day, and I have no shame in admitting that I love all 4, since you're saying that this one's better than Crystal Skull then it's highly likely that I will have a great time watching it. So thank you for giving us Indy fans hope in the midst of mixed reviews that have been coming out.
Chris “I like everything” Stuckmann
I hope the bag is worth it. I can't believe you became a Hollywood shill scared of doing actual criticism.
The movie was terrible.
Looking back,  I feel like people were too harsh on Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. I feel like it would've been more appropriate if Mutt Williams took up Indy's Legacy.
The film better not have the same plot holes you have been criticizing in other films lol, juat saying, for consistency sake, good luck Chris
I’ve never been an Indiana Jones fan always been more of a tomb raider nothing against male / female tomb raider just did it better (for me )
They should've cotten Sean Patrick Flannery to do the flashbacks. He played young Indy on the Young Indiana Jones Chronicles TV show.
All of the reviews I have heard have been very negative. I do appreciate your stand in looking at the totality of the film and its good parts. I do expect to be disappointed with Dial, however as long as it's better than Crystal Skull, I should enjoy it much better
Dude. Less talk, more rock. Skip your life story and the massive preamble. Get to the film.
Thank you for sharing your joy of the Indiana Jones character. Yours is probably the first half way positive review I've heard.  John Williams is amazing and I was surprised he did a lot of the music for the old Lost In Space television series in the 1960s which is pretty amazing.  You often heard his fabulous pieces during dramatic scenes in that series.  Yes, he is wonderful.
Kate & Leopold?!
You can't "race against time" when you have time travel. This movie is insulting stupid and a complete slap in the face to Indiana Jones fans. When you're done shamelessly advertising the false positives about yet another Disney Lucasfilm blunder using a legendary IP to just push a political social adjenda I will consider taking you seriously. Even KK has come out and said it in recent days! It's fucking insulting dude. You're basically telling people to set their expectations super low and just think of it as a generic popcorn flick. It's supposed to be an Indiana Jones film! We should have expectations! If I didn't know better I'd say you were paid to make this review.
Love yr realistic reviews. Regardless what other critics say, Indy has aged & we cant expect him to be energetic as in 1st trilogy. Even his god daughter reportedly taking the lead now, it makes sense. A young nemesis to keep it going as an action movie.
You and Mark kermode   are the 2 film critics I trust the most
Crystal SKull was straight trash, this movie is another trash pile of mess.  But if you're comparing this movie to Crystal Skulls, you're really, really, really setting your bar low.
Babylon 5’s CG was noticeable too, but no less good… I think it’s worth overlooking it
The question is though....why should we temper our expectations? What's the point in seeing it if we have to temper our expectations in order to find it moderately okay? We SHOULD hold an Indiana Jones film to a high standard.
If yall want an honest review from a non shill, wait until red letter media releases one. Unfortunately I beleive Chris Stuckman prefers special media access over giving an unbiased report on the quality of a film
with respect to Chris, the movie was dogshit, we didn't need that movie.
“… in a race against time.” Bruh, Harrison lost that race YEARS ago….
I thought it was really bad
Not interested
A much more balanced review. I hate the hate on YouTube. Glib short hand.
This movie was awful!  Also PWB is annoying as hell
I am so excited that you used the clip that has a missing frame from “Kingdom of the Crystal skull”
The de-aging is because fandom DEMANDS the actor to always and forever be the character. When it would be better to just re-cast for scenes when Ford is younger. There is NO ISSUE WITH THAT. Except fans online crying. It's worse when it's de-aged for reasons you mentioned
I had no clue this movie came out or was even in development yet, so this is kind of a shock.  Albeit, I've never really been that much of an Indiana Jones fan. I didn't get a chance to see all of them all the way through until I was an adult. I think the first one is unsufferably boring, the second one is mildly annoying, the third one is decent, although it takes some strong humor cues from movies I liked better in a similar genre. By the time you get to the fourth one, I kind of feel like people just have Nostalgia goggles on, coupled with not realizing as adults just how much more you see than you did as a kid & refusing to account for that & that that was the entirety of what they were basing their critiques on. Its neither that good, nor that bad & some of the worst logic jumps are about on par with ones made in every single one of the films. But, I'm sure I'll watch this one eventually & we'll see how it lands, for me. Hopefully, it's as good as you make it out to be.
Goo reverse fella, exactly what I thought
Temple Of Doom is revered as the best Indiana Jones movie. This movie should have been about passing the torch to Short Round ( Indy's real son). Ke Huy Quan is the perfect age to move the series forward for fans and make Disney lots of money. Instead they try to milk Indy name again, but this time is will flop hard.
Just out of him directing "Logan"... I'm giving it a chance. Logan is flawless.
Wrong. Skull was an outright abject failure. His credibility is shot with this. Edit: jeremy jahns said he'll forget this in a day one time watch😂😂
Don't know this movie review will age well, Chris. This movie feels like the Last Jedi all over again. Tried of the division between the studios & audience. Go watch Avatar: Way of Water, Top Gun Maverick, or John Wick: Chapter 4 instead. Good luck to anyone who read this comment.
I am coming to grips with my old franchise favorites like James abond and Indiana Jones . Both been around decades and one longer thanthe other both had great filmd.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge is probably a terrible casting choice. I don't see how or why they felt like she'd put asses in seats.  I don't think I can watch an Indiana Jones film where a MAIN character is deliberately annoying and a constant reminder of how we lost the romantic tension element from the first three. It's like Spider-Man without MJ/Gwen or Superman without Lois... why??? It's like looking in your pantry for the ingredients to make a cake, and despite being out of sugar, you go for it anyways.
Chris, why are you building expectations for anything related to Kathleen Kennedy and Disney. I did not have any expectations what so ever.
Harrison Ford probly hates his mouth breaqthing fans. just did it for money
Haven't seen it, but Regarding Phoebe Waller Bridge and her character, there's no way her character can be worse than Kate Capshaw's disasterous Temple of Doom character, which makes rewatching Temple of Doom multiple times an absolute chore.
Ever since he began his movie, his reviews became less critical. To the point I can't trust his opinion.
Why am i not shocked someone who got an early screening loved it? Also stuckman loves every movie, how can you be a critic and love every movie
The old movies were good for the time  but if you made them now they would be flops.
How can you like this movie, jeez...
great review....very thorough.. thanks
I'm getting Jurassic World denial vibes from this. I'd rather you just be honest. Disney doesn't care whether or not I support their product so I don't owe them my money.
HARD PASS: Only the first 25 minutes in the movie is good. From multiple reviewers. The rest is a snorfest. You even state that yourself that the beginning is the best about the movie…that’s it. Leave after that it’s all CG nothing feels real or dangerous…compared to the original 3
So usually Disney will fire a director from Star Wars if their previous movie hasn’t liked by critics so I’ll be seeing this movie rating it if I think Disney will fire mangold
PWB was nails on a chalkboard annoying with no charisma and only smugness. So disappointing after previous Indy films had great female co-star characters that complemented Indy during his adventure. Indy and Helen just didn’t have chemistry together. So disappointing.
Totally honest review 👍 Absolutely not just saying this to not get cancelled 👍
i think we need a single movie that FULLY COMMITS to De-Aging the lead character. if we can get ONE MOVIE that stars someone like Harrison Ford where they get a guy to do the body acting and action and then they map the younger version of Harrison Ford's face and then they get him to do the line reads (basically combining the rolls of voice actor and live action actor) then it will stop being a novelty and start being taken seriously. (of course, that wont happen any time soon because the tech used for that sort of thing is EXPENSIVE)
If you are hesitant about calling out a bad film due to “professional courtesy”, you should probably stop reviewing movies altogether.  I completely understand your concerns since you are now a filmmaker, but you can't have it both ways.
Me - You Took Everything From Me! (Indy,  Luke) Dis.ne.y - Not everything, not yet... What next icon of my childhood will you destroy?
Chris is hyping up this mediocre film
I hate you for supporting awful Hollywood products! I hope your movie bombs!
Just another cash grab POS
So it’s the audience’s fault because of their expectations. Criticism binarism is not good but this level of relativism is not either.
This review is peak shill and studio bootlicking in hopes that it will help in future director carreer. No validity anymore.  Sorry, man. It were great years watching your reviews and personal growing story (Jenovah's story and so), but its time to unsubscribe for good.
Wow, the SHILL is strong with this one....
You dedicated a good chunk of time discussing the quiality of the CGI. If the story is there, the CGI can lack a bit. Take Stephen Chow's films, from Shao Lin Soccer to Journey to the West. The CGI was cartoonish, but the performances and story kept you watching.
I hope it would be a perfect 5 Indiana Jones movie experience for me I'll be watching this fifth I.J. in the same city in two movie theaters for a span of 4 decades already did that for top gun
I m confused, i clicked this vid for a dial and f destiny review not a crystal skull one🤨. Chris is a sellout
This review made me whole. 😊
Awful feminist trash why cant we hav movies for fun
Great movies that i stopped watching sequels: Terminator  Star Wars Indiana Jones Predator (maybe) Alien (i guess)
Temple of Doom!! The best in the series. Without any doubt. Crystal Skull definitely the weakest film in the series.
As a indy fan i can't accept it 💀 Please don't make sequel for classic films 🗿
James mangold is really one of the most underrated directors working today , 3:10 to Yuma, Logan, Walk the line and Ford v Ferrari are very great films .
Chris didn't mention PWB's performance once. I'm sure this will be an issue for the spoiler video.
A good critic does not a great director make.
Wow, you are the most lackluster  presenter I could have stumbled across....
ARGH!! mate this is why i love watching your stuff, You explain things, in an older school way that resonates with me from when movie reviews were more about an overall score - in Scotland we had Barry Norman, Mark Kermode and a few others but now adays.   Anyway, cracking review, long time follower, love your stuff and all the best
They could have done a movie about young indiana jones or another one of his sons he didn't know about and hired Tanner Buchanan to pickup the torch as he has similar qualities in his facial expresion as Harrison Ford, always angry or annoyed yet funny not to mention he looks a bit like River Phoenix. Instead of Shia Lebeauf who's expression is that of a goofball and not funny.
you had me getting more excited for this movie UNTIL you compared this to JASON BOURNE.  maaannn....that movie not only didn't measure up to the initial Bourne trilogy, it was..IS just a BAD movie. it's dull, dumb and NOT GOOD.  if you see Dial of Destiny much similar to THAT Bourne movie, then....yikes!!!!
Honestly, you lost me on this one. I thought it was AWFUL! A green screen action movie.
more sub-mediocre pedestrian fanboyism
Everyone should raise their glass to the two Bobs - Gale and Zemeckis - for very definitively never even entertaining the idea of any sort of further sequel to the Back to the Future trilogy.
thank you for taking the time to explain your reasoning for this film I wasn't as excited to watch it but now I am
I'm pretty sure it's the 1970s? Okay, it's 1969, but that's kind of a distinct year.
I personally loved  Crystal Skull, and cant wait to see this
It is soooo refreshing to hear a review of a film that doesn't focus on criticisms of supposed politics or 'forced' diversity. It feels like so many movie reviewers are just footsoldiers in a made up culture war. Thanks for this review.
My go to reviewer. Thanks Chris 👍
One of the main things about this final Indiana Jones movie is that digital just doesn't carry any atmosphere or weight to the environment in the same way that 35mm does, that could have been an immediate improvement worth paying and extending the schedule for in capturing a more cinematic look for Indy's final outing here in the same way that Linus Sandgren insisted on for 'No Time to Die' which was photographed and it definitely shows in terms of quality. I love how James Mangold shoots but this is just one of the reasons why I wish Spielberg had come back to direct this one last time. 'The Fabelmans' was an ok film but it looked absolutely gorgeous on Super 35.
Why so many downvotes? Because he liked it a bit? Jesus
A man walks into a Bar.   A man is eating on a Plate in the same bar.    The Man takes the plate, open his pants and readies himself to take a Shit on the plate.   ‘Why are you shitting in my plate?’ The Man asked angrily.   ‘How do you know it’s shit before it’s come out?’ The man asked defiantly.    This Logic can be applied to the ‘Fans’ that defend the Woke, braindead, lifeless and Joyless products being produced by Companies today.
i really dont like all the negativity sorrounding this project. a lot of people are already judging it without having seen it. thanks for doing something against the negative buzz
Something tells me you're still sipping the kool-aid. Almost seems like you were paid to say it was better than Indi 4. I guess we will see if everyone starts spouting the same script.
Me, a subscriber since years. After your "Rings of Power" review i almost unsubscribed, since it is really not good and you praised it like a gun was hold to your head and after it finished you didn't say anything about this mess. Now after this review i finally unsubscribed since your professional opinion is no good anymore, you just hope to not piss off the wrong people by what you say and have no critical view of movies anymore. Shame, i really valued your reviews.
Phoebe Waller Bridge is said to be a obnoxious character who upstages Ford broken down old Indiana Jones at every turn - she is the hero of the story and rescues Indy. Reviews say shes the obnoxious perfect character while Indy is a broken old man cowering in the corner.
4 + 5 are just shameless cash grabs to fill the Hollywood original ideas vacuum. Last Crusade was a perfect ending.
I feel the same way about Indiana Jones.  These movies still mean a lot to me - I watched them over and over again growing up.  I can't even remember a time when I didn't know about Indiana Jones - I watched them very young (my parents covering my eyes at the 'bad' parts).  Crystal Skull didn't ruin the franchise, but I could've done without it.  And, without seeing this installment - even having a lot of respect for Mangold (I especially enjoyed Logan and 3:10 to Yuma) - I already feel the same way.  The bottom line is, there are so many books and short stories out there that have never been adapted, and instead of getting something new but familiar, we keep getting rehashes of franchises that are decades old. bc studios think the nostalgia factor is the most important part.  These sequels, imo, are often as bad as the myriad remakes, just inferior versions.  I doubt I'll be seeing this in the theater, if at all, but I do agree that film reviewing is becoming a lost art.
This review makes me feel like Indy is going to die.
I'm a bit of an anomaly in that I'm 37 and I only watched the Indy movies once the crystal Skull had been made. And I have to be honest people who hate the crystal skull do so because they had seen the OG trilogy first, Temple of Doom is by far and away the worst of the first 4 movies. Its like the older generation who hated the prequals, there's no way people should say that ROTJ  is better than ROTS but they do and its purely because of nostalgia, what you loved as a child has changed and there's nothing you could make nowadays that could compete with your sense of nostalgia. That being said I don't think I will bother with the Dial of Destiny or give it a chance as it's clearly more of the same from Disney/Lucasfilm - destroying your heroes of yesteryear only to prop up a woman to be better than the original
The problem with current de-aging CGI is that the body is still old. It's shaped different and moves different. De-age the actor's facial performance and place it over a younger body double.
Bittch Sucksmann and the Legend of the Ginger Bitcch.
👍👍
It sucks that people already had reserved seats on this movie’s hate train ever since PWB was cast  It’s unfortunate that this movie has been completely engulfed in conspiracy and rumours, some real, some not  A lot of the People with reserved hate for this movie are mostly just the super right wing star wars fans with nothing better to do than to sit on their asses and critique every single detail of the last jedi and every mention of it, it’s not a ton of people but it’s just ridiculous, i have my concerns but personally I’m optimistic for the movie, i can’t wait for the movie to come out so that all the conspiracy ends
Yo Chris, I noticed in the background your 1/6 Scale Hot Toys & SideShows!! You have amazing taste my dude. It's an underrated hobby IMHO. Thank you for the movie review as always as well! You Rock!!
Chris… I got into Indian Jones movies after watching your longer videos about the movies, during lonckdown. I am India and just couldn’t sit through the third one but absolutely loved the first two movies. Absolutely loved your review (and as excited to see a 17 mins video by you!) and your opinion about the current status of movie review. After listening to your review, i can’t wait for the movie to release! Thank you ❤
haha wonderful
I do really resent Ford for holding this great character hostage for so long. The character is bigger than the actors. My favorite Indy story is the Fate of Atlantis PC game and Ford and Spielberg had nothing to do with it. We should’ve had several Indy movies after Last Crusade with different actors and directors.
I feel the same way about the Indy franchise! I agree with you about modern movie review/journalism/news as well, nuance seems to be gone. But, it seems to be gone from all public discourse these days.
Today I shan’t get Stuckmanized
PlayStation pride. So gay.
I like crystal skull but it is the weakest of the 4, I’ll be the first to admit it’s extra goofy
This film did not need to be made. This franchise shouldve been rebooted with a younger Indiana Jones casted. No not a snot nose but someone under 50.
Personally, I just don't enjoy seeing timeless characters, you know, experience the ravages of time; They're fictional. Yes, getting old is a thing, but that doesn't mean I want or need Rambo but he's old, The Terminator but he's old, or in this case Indiana Jones. Anymore than I need a Godzilla with arthritis, or Superman with Alzheimer's.
Why dont they do Deepfake instead of Digital De-aging?
Indiana Jones.... Love it. Your name would be Christy Stickman.... Mines Mike Atlas
Dude is a shill at this point, nothing more.
Wow, the worst Indiana Jones movie ever made, and you (a super Indiana Jones fan)  find Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny a pretty good movie?!?!  How can a Indiana Jones fan (and i am one my hole life) find this abomination of a  Indiana Jones movie, any good????
This review could have been 5 minutes shorter, if you didnt repeat yourself 1000 times. We got it the first time that it's not as good as the originals and that there's one decision that you didnt like it. Jesus Christ.
Chris: "James Mangold is... the most versatile director ever" Rob Reiner: "Hold my beer."
This guy  Pride woke fuck bad review
Nobody shouldn’t even care about rotten tomatoes. That site has turned everything into black and white toward every movie.
My thing is, why even make the movie then? If you don't have an idea that comes close to the originals, then for the love of fuck, just let sleeping dogs lie.  This ongoing trend of mid sequels and mid remakes in Hollywood is really pissing me off. I legit find it offensive. If some people can get some fun outta it, great, but that ship sailed for me about 18 trillion sequels ago.
I follow various film channels on youtube and I’ve always found than my taste on film aligns with Chris’ more than with other’s. So even though I was very skeptic of this movie, after this review, I’ll be carching it on the theater. Thanks Chris!
I've been a subscriber and have enjoyed your content mostly for the last two years. Though less and less the last roughly six months. This review I think confirms your sycophantic tendencies/agenda. Hollywood will likely welcome you with open arms. Best of luck. Unsubscribed.
I saw Raiders in the theater with my parents. I will never for get it! You either like Indiana Jones or you don't. If you truly like the character, then you just can't get enough of it! I even liked Crystal Skull! I even read all the comic books from Dark Horse, named my Cat Indiana Jones, and even have a Raiders shower curtain. I haven't even seen Dial of Destiny yet and I know I am going to love it! Anyone who doesn't agree with me, that is fine, that is your opinion. I myself LOVE anything Indiana Jones! This is the last time we are going to get a Indy movie with Harrison Ford in it and I think a lot of people seem to miss that. Just enjoy it, treat it like a comic book, and stop being so critical.
"Not as bad as Crystal Skull" is damning with faint praise.
Congrats on 2 million subs btw, I'm not sure when you passed it. But I'm glad to see this kind of review for Indy 5. It was clearly a mistake to premier this film at Cannes, but I'm still optimistic.
The problem is the adding of new characters. Now he has a God daughter? We watch Indiana Jones for Harrison Ford.
Best review I have ever had the pleasure to see. Never stop reviewing movies Chris, it is an art.
Good shout n looking out, mate.
03:21 *are _outshone_ 05:09 *are (the word "minutes" is plural...)  Ouch. Now cringe-grammar, please...
Dial of Destiny and John Wick 4 have been my most anticipated movies for years now. I've loved the Indy movies growing up. So good to see Ford come back for a final bow with the character and both movies this year
(PLEASE DONT SPOIL) I really hope that Indy gets a happy retirement ending I don’t want to see him die or fade out of existence or anything like that please 🙏🏻
why is pwb getting hate?
After seeing Logan it was clear Mangold was perfect to helm an aging hero on his last big adventure
Chris i feel you may be looking at this one through rose tinted glasses, your love for the franchise is clearly inhibiting you from saying the film falls short in a lot of areas
What's with the desaturated color?  Raiders of the Lost Ark, and its first two sequels, were full of color.
Chris is objectively wrong Back to the Future is the greatest trilogy of all time and the last two Indiana Jones movies suck a fat one
Imagine someone talking about an Indiana Jones film and saying: Please dont have high expectations.  No.   I 100% have expectations because there is an amazing original trilogy preceeding this debacles.
TO ANYONE READING THIS: Please dont support this film. This movie is goddam awful with zero redeeming qualities. Just buy the soundtrack when you can if you must.
Thank you for the unbiased review. Most critics on YouTube just pan this movie as being "woke feminist trash", and while i don't like Disney as a company as well, the ragebait reviews are just getting ridiculous.  Sounds just like what i expected of the film. Not great, not terrible and better than Crystal Skull.  Still going to watch it for myself to form my own opinion on it, but it's nice to hear a reviewer who isn't trashing the movie without having seen it.
Sorry, you can't judge a movie as "Well, it's not complete horsesh*t" ... Both of the recent Indiana Jones movies are trash.
definitely little more than another woke piece of garbage.
This movie SUCKED and you know it! Your review sucks....
Props for nuances!
Starting to turn into a shill when you’re like well it’s better that Kingdom of the Crystal Skull??? that doesn’t mean anything when Crystal Skull was complete DogShit!! it’ll bomb stop trying kiss up to Disney, you used to be credible
Chris, you did not say if you would want to watch and re-watch Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny. Has the film changed so much that it is not comparable to the originals. If this is going to be a huge disappointment then you ought to be clear. Personally the franchise model of sequels is failing, you never gave your review of Matrix Resurrections? Do you think the well has run dry on Matrix or can the original magic return?
Years ago you would go and see a movie just for the experience of going to the cinema with some friends , it didn't matter if it was good or bad.
Killing his son?  divorced by Marion?   Replaced by a lousy character?  Not cool at all
This review probably won't age well. It very much sounds like you are making excuses. A good movie is not defined by some good action scenes or how well it mimics the style of past franchises. Great production design does not matter either, if one cannot connect to the characters and if the overall story is not a satisfying one. Perhaps it would have been a good movie outside the "Indiana Jones" series since the original character is not about coming to terms with the downsides of ageing at all. If the first three movies had been about gracefully dealing with age and acknowledging that older people can still be useful, they wouldn't have had the same success and wouldn't have brought joy to so many people. You argue as it would make sense to have a Superman sequel that shows him coping in a home for the elderly, or show a James Bond who is pushed around in a wheelchair. If Hollywood cannot improve on existing characters (for instance because their actors have become too old) then they need to leave them alone.
Thank you Chris, your review was just .. just real good. You are by far the best film critic out there, Iam going to Idiana Jonas tdod soon. The first three movies i saw when I was a teenager,and boy they where awesome. Crystal skull, was ok. So now iam ready.👌👏👏👏👏👏👏👏🎬📽🎞
Chris is still in full on koolaid mode 😂
All this film is, is a reminder of the dark age in cinema we're in where heroes have died, story lines are written by corporations with no desire to entertain and no moral compass but for the color of someone's skin, sexual preference and gender, and the telling of stories that will never reach to the heart of the every man and every women because that would be considered exclusionary and archaic.  I find myself watching older movies more and more lately, because this genre and time in storytelling is cheap, childish, superficial, pretentious, preachy, and bankrupt of truth.
I hope you're right
Um -  1. Killing off his son. 2. Making Indy a tired, washed up loser.  3. Making PWB the driving force with all the agency and the one who makes the critical decision. 4. Indy is basically a joke in his own movie. Stuckmann just loves to suck on the Hollywood teet - gotta to get his early access passes somehow.
I Honestly Forgot That Mangold Was Behind MANY Of Those Beloved Films & I'm A HUGE HughJackman Fan Who Enjoyed Kate & Leopold As Much As Logan!
EXACTLY...MOST Of The World  Has Opened They're Eyes More Widely Lately & That's Not Necessarily A Bad Thing! As Alpha-Numerical is A Rather Dated Archetype & Therefore We're Even Beyond Tic-Tac-Toe Grading Of X's & O's & Have Epanded To Include ALL  Alphabetical Variations!
There is no way this movie is watchable Chris.
Bottom line people- it's bad. It's really bad.
I honestly think the only bad part of Crystal Skull is Shia LeBeouf. The rest was pretty cool.
Movie was trash.  Keep selling out
What the hell is that shirt, man?
I could almost guess but has Chris ever done a favorite film list? I remember being excited for siskel & evert as a kid …. This channel almost makes me feel the same way.   Thanks man, keep at it  Go Indy go
I view every indiana jones movie past last crusade as fanfic tbh
Harrison Ford is just too old to still be an action star.  That definitely can't be overlooked.  Even TFA seemed to recognize that.  But yeah, this is yet another franchise that didn't warrant being continued decades later.
I think of Roger Ebert all the time when I listen to you.  I think you would make him proud.
I thought in the trailer of dial of destiny, Boyd Holbrook looked like mark hamil in the 1989 movie slipstream. The same hairstyle and the moustache except that mark hamil’s hair is more bleach blonde in slipstream.
Sorry but Chris i couldn't DISAGREE with you more !!! Crystal Skull looks like Raiders compared to this mess ,  Pheobe Waller Bridge portrays perhaps the most annoying, hardcore Mary Sue Feminist in movie history in this film. And its ANOTHER deconstruction of a loved Male Character by Lucasfilm and Kathleen Kennedy. Avoid this movie if you love Indiana Jones or leave after the the movie gets to the 60s EVERY horrible Reddit leak you read are 100% true , Harrison Ford is either on a mission to destroy his legacy ( Blade Runner, Star Wars , Indiana Jones) or cares about Money more than anything even though i have no idea why a 80 year old man needs money over Legacy!!? Apart from the first 15 minutes or so this is a straight up F . I HATED it and why Pheobe Waller Bridge keeps getting roles in Hollywood is a mystery for the ages ? I guess its because of her intersectional Feminism and degrading the males in her films  Just watch Last Crusade again and remember Indy riding off into the Sunset with the idea he went on to have a magical wonderful life........cause this movie does the complete opposite!! I hope it Bombs.........
I can't wait for an original idea that becomes an iconic trilogy and people rave about 40 years later
I saw DoD as a special preview. All I can say is it makes crystal skull look like the Godfather. Just terrible and I figured they could do better than the last one
Just go watch King Solomon's Mines (1985) people 😂... it has Sharon Stone and Jonathan Rhys Davies
I had been looking forward to your review for this film for a long time. Glad to see that you liked it more than Crystal Skull.
Sounds like chris is reaching for straws. Hes a fan and cant overcome it
I'll wait until it shows up on MAX or something, looks pretty bad
I know you're maturing but man I miss those Hilariocity reviews.  Bring some fun back.
In light of Chris Gore's review it's pretty crazy to see you heaping so much praise onto this movie.
Want to know the biggest crime this movie committed?   I knew this movie existed, I knew it was coming out. But I didn’t know that it was ALREADY OUT. I’ve seen almost no advertising and almost no one was talking about it until it was already out.
The era in which the original trilogy was made is part of the magic of what made those films great.   That's why KOTCS and DOD were never going to touch those original films.  Had they continued from Last Crusade every 3-4 years, THOSE sequels probably would have been considered classics like the other 3.  That's why these legacy sequels never hold up.   The filmmaking style and editing from that time period is what made those movies work, like lightning in a bottle.  Modern sequels to movies made in the 80's and 90's are never going feel right.   The best you can hope for is a touch of nostalgia and a couple of hours of entertainment.  It's perfectly fine to separate and enjoy them for what they are.  I liked Ghostbusters Afterlife a lot, but it did it recapture the magic of the first two?  Not even close.  But it didn't taint how much liked the originals.  I just enjoyed it for what it was.   I plan to enjoy Dial of Destiny the same way.
its obvious it isnt a good flick when a meta fan like you tries to chooses his words so carefully...
De-aging is something that you just have to let go as far as quality goes. For example, the deaging for Luke Skywalker in The Mandolorian and Boba Fett shows was not that great, but I let it go because I was enjoying the story. And I've seen that work get praised, even though it's obvious de-aging effects. So I am going into this expecting that and I already know it won't bother me. So if that's the biggest gripe of the movie, I'm really looking forward to it!
After watching this movie you will see why no one recommended this movie for this long time,I can guarantee that...
Recommended movie that might give another point of view of movie :  c/o kancharapalem
i heard so much bad things about this movie, but now that i seen your review, i trust your judgement, ill go look at it. ha ha
nice Sony playstation ad
Maybe I'm the only one. But I want to see a spin-off series starring Pheobe Waller-Bridge.
The best solution was Last Crusade the last live film, but Harrison spends decades voicing Indiana Jones AAA video games and audio books for easy $. Win-win for everyone.
It was even worse than Crystal Skull.
Thanks Chris - respectable non spoiler review (admittedly just listened to first 4 min) and despite interesting moments in the trailer which made me want to watch it, I think there’s a growing consensus that the original 3 should’ve been not continued on. Crystal Skull I will go as far to say is Spielberg’s worst movie - admittedly it appears he didn’t want to do it so…won’t totally blame him because he’s Spielberg. But …what you have said makes me think (and it isn’t your fault) that this is just ok - passable at best. And for Indiana jones it’s got to be more than a tribute act and The Flash already did that with Keaton’s Batman and very poorly imo. So I will not be spending money at the cinema - I’ll wait for it on Disney?? I wasn’t convinced deep down anyways.
I miss the Stuckmann long, deep dive reviews.  Well done, please find more movies to make longer reviews/discussions for.
Chris Stuckmann is probably the ONLY critic out there who’s reviews and opinions i generally trust. Can’t wait for this movie
Thank you for that.  I heard it got canned at Cannes.  I will agree, should have stopped earlier.  I wondered just what else they could do with it.  I wondered more 'why' they did it.  It's a bit like the latest Bond flick---should have stopped after Skyfall.
You sound like a domestic abuse victim.
Chris Stuckmann
Hard pass!  Glad you enjoyed it but I won't support a film that hates it's audience.
When you say “Find some enjoyment in…” that lets me know this isn’t a movie worth seeing in the big screen at premium prices.  It’s a rental.  We’ve seen you when you’re blown away by a movie. You don’t love this. But you’re gracious.  I can’t spend money on a film that’s a rental.
It’s too bad he made the second Wolverine . That movie is unwatchable
Shill Stuckmann
Met H Ford...twice! also let K Allan...C Blanchett version NFG this one looks much better
Like you, he is probably my favourite cinematic characters. The trilogy were my childhood. But I'm sorry, everything I've read about this fills me with dread. Crystal Skull was a bad movie made by people who should have known better. This will be an bad movie made by people who absolutely do not know better. Another IP destroyed by Disney.
"Dial of Destiny was one of my most anticipated movies of all time"  WHY
Fanboy review
Just don't wear glasses, and you should be good with deagging
why does this video have so many people saying that this is a "Good review!" is this guy a shill? I thought he was legit?
James Mangold has come a long way from Girl Interupted
So.. your saying Jones ISN'T being lead around by Feebee like a useless Old Man 🤔🤨
Man can't wait 2 c shelby oaks. I bet its great. Will it be released 8n cinemas in the UK Chris?
The more he talks the less he says. This movie sucks and he knows it, but is too soy to take a stand on it. But I guess this is how such a middling twat keeps getting so many views for never having a direct critique.
Why do you praise everything now?  I bet it has to do with your shitty movie
The review is up to 10 min - you know that it's either good or bad. The review is 18 min - sth tell me Chris is going to beat about the bush... Let's see...
Wokness destroy everything.
James Mangold is right where he should be. Mangold is middle of the pack , a B student. His best movie is between Copland and Girl Interrupted each being almost 30 years old. Your on the payroll Chris seems like you may have tapped out.
People always wanted this.. Sean Connery ruined the series
Thank you for being the only genuine reviewer of this film on this site.
You sold out
7:29 All Movie goers should be like your Mom.
Glad to hear it’s atleast better than crystal skull, mainly because I still really enjoyed crystal skull so the fact Chris says this is better than it makes me really exited
Excellent review
Just wanted to chime in and say Halloween 3 deserves a re review because that movie is fucking gold.
The whale is the only movie that brought a tear in my eye
Thank you, i love Indy and all the films its a Pleasure to see this movie In 2023 👏👏👏👏👏
Mutt died on the way back to his home planet.
Chris are you gonna review Extraction 2??? It’s such a good action movie
When I started really getting into Youtube about 4 years ago you were one of the first movie reviewers I started watching. Initially I appreciated your laid back style. After about 8 months I just quite watching. But recently you popped up on my Youtube as a channel I might like to watch. After watching this review of IJ,  I began to reflect on why I quite watching. Here are my reasons 1. I came to realize you really lack insight. I mean deep insight. Oh you can look at a movie and say it is ok, or not, the special effects are good, or not, the acting is good, or not.  But you just lack a deep understanding of why something is not accepted, or why things matter deeply to people.  I did not start watching any reviewer until last year when I saw The Critical Drinker (regardless of what you think of him) do a topic called "Why Canon Matters". It was the first time someone helped me understand why all these modern hollywood "remakes" were/are such trash. With the race swapping, political and sexual messaging  and a complete disregard for the foundation of what made the original movies so good and so deeply loved.  In retrospect, I don't think you got it, and this review just make that clearer to me.  Maybe that has changed for you, as I said I have not watched you in a while, but I am guessing not. Reviews by Doomcock, and Call Me Chato contain genuine insight. Your just an observer. 2. You just lack passion. It is like you are sleep walking thru your reviews. To say they are boring would be and understatement. It is not just that the Critical Drinker, or Chato or Doomcock are more fun to listen to ( well maybe it is). They care about good writing, they care about good acting, they CARE about CANON, they are passionate about the things that were important to many of us. If you do it doesn't show. Its like your watching an a plane crash saying "well gee, that wasn't good". Having watched you I have never figured out whether you are a shill for the industry, like most of the present tabloids are, or just a guy with a 9 to 5 job you have to do to keep bread on the table. IJ is everything I hate about Hollywood, and your review reminds me of why I dislike most "established" movie reviewers.
I went to a screening with low expectations. The first 25 minutes of the film are good. It had the feel of original trilogy during those 25 minutes thanks to an excellent CGI Indiana Jones. The two hours that followed however were not good. I think many viewers will be less charitable in their reviews of those final 2 hrs. It’s really quite awful. The hero of those 2 hours isn’t Indiana Jones. So sitting in the theater I kept thinking to myself..what is the point of this film? Who is this film for? I mean it’s certainly not for fans that want to watch a film with Indiana Jones as the central hero. I’m sure there will be no shortage of critics though who will give this film a much better review then it deserves. Such is life.
I would never pay another penny to watch another Indiana Jones film. Lucas Film and Disney as a whole has truly lost it's ability to create anything unique and halfway decent beyond Marvel.   For myself and many others, as they have said, when Indy, his father, Sallah,  and Marcus all rode off into the sunset, that was the absolute best ending to end all endings. Seeing that in Theaters with my Dad (who has been gone now for a while) and on the big screen was an experience I haven't really been able to match with any film since, and definitely not with any crappy sequel. The Last Crusade from 89 was more than the last of a trilogy, it was truly the end of an era, not just for the franchise, but for all of Hollywood.   The first three are the only three for me and the only ones worthy to upgrade. Got all three  in the Limited Edition 4K Steelbooks.  Yes, they are awesome, and it just doesn't get any better than that.
Chris : This is just shit, way better than the shit on fire like Crystal Skull.
Still looking forward to Chris' review of _Expend-4-bles._
I also miss Roger Ebert. Reading about movies just hasn't been the same since we lost him. The last of his kind.
I agree with you about giving things credit and not being so binary in judging movies. That being said, this series is sadly dead for me.
Indiana Jones and the Movie that No One Asked For
Love the original trilogy. I grew up with it, but im not down with ideologically driven, woke, neo-feminist reworkings of my favorite classic movies.  Hard pass from me. Disney are an abomination.  I read recently that they censored sections out of William Friedkin's 1971 movie 'The French Connection' on streaming services in America. Absolutely disgraceful. Like i said, the Disney company is an abomination.
Critics don’t review movies anymore…they REACT to them…
Your nit-picking is sad. And annoying.
Half of this review wasn’t even a review. It’s as if you are struggling to convince us it’s good
You are a sell out Chris. What a bullshit appraisal.
It's not our job to "move past the CGI"... It's their job to convince us it's real. Our only "job" is to be entertained.
I used to trust movie reviewers like this guy but i can see for myself that he is talking utter crap about this movie being half decent , Bait and switch tactics deployed in this movie were instead of the main character being the hero as in all previous movies this time we we get the displeasure of seeing a once beloved character dragged around by an obnoxious feminist turd  in their final movie , sounds great heh 🤦‍♂.
Crystal skull fixes; less CGI more practical stuff, no monkey swinging scene, no fridge-nuc. scene, re-casting Shia, no weasel scene...
Like crystal skull ..you will realise in a few months How awful this movie is ...Injust seen it . 39 good mins then  i just wanted it to be over. PWBridge Sucked
At 5:58 I completely disagree with the claim that everybody will be "trapped" by the knowledge that we're seeing CGI de-aging. Even though it's been endlessly harped on by media people the de-aging didn't take me out of the story for a moment. In fact it added a touch of the wow factor that the best filmmaking has.
tldr not worth it.
Thank you so much for a fair and balanced review!! At 2:19 I had the advantage and privilege of seeing the film in a huge theatre packed with fans, cast, and crew meaning plenty of audience reaction. I laughed, I cried, I had moments of being thrilled and moments of wonder. What more could I ask for? At 4:56 if you're referencing the moment I think you are I almost jumped out of my seat with excitement! For me it was one of those moment of pure Movie Magic.
Bad movie go watch spider man across the spider verse way better film
Indiana best ever ❤.
You have become a joke of a movie critic. I now take your reviews with a grain of salt. You once were a go to.
Chris do attack on titan anime review
Stop begging for money SMH.... I like your videos but the second you start asking for money the less inclined I am to watch future videos
Social media created 300 million critics with nothing constructive to say and no basis on which to say it.
Clark 'Doc' Savage Jr., he is a doctor, scientist, adventurer, detective, and polymath who "rights wrongs and punishes evildoers." , Dirk Pitt, and even Casca Rufio Longinus, the Roman legionary who drove the Holy Lance into the side of Jesus Christ on Golgotha. As a result of this action, Casca is cursed with immortality, and he is to wander the Earth aimlessly, always as a soldier, until the Second Coming. Even Jungle Jim those are all the Indiana Jones-type men who came before Indiana.  There are volumes and volumes of books detailing their adventures, and either one of them or some one like the Best Friends 'Jesus and David in the 'Treasure of the Cloud People' series would make for great films--IF they can be translated to the screen the way they are presented in their original forms.
Loved the review! Very excited to check this one out
Of course, you are entitled to your opinion Chris and knowing you are a huge fan of Indy, I'm glad this film did not pee in your cornflakes. I however have a different take and although I have yet to watch it, that does not prevent my take from having any validity. That is, this film did NOT need to be made. I personally find no interest or desire in seeing my heroes in their twilight years, continuing to attempt the same type films as in their prime. There's such a thing as honouring their legacy for what they provided, without attempting to drag them back on screen just to milk more money from member-berries. That's all I see this film as, a milking by Disney to squeeze those last drops from the teat before finally allowing the character to pass into our fond memories. We can revisit Indy as many times as we wish, they are all on 4K and Blu-ray. We do not need to see decrepit grandpa treated with disdain by some impertinent Fleabag, hoping to usurp his role. Screw That.
those vhs’
Good way to look at any film: so often I have seen/read reviews where the criticism is that the movie is not what was expected! If you hoped to see a different movie than the one that was made, that does not make it a bad film - just one that did not meet your expectations!
Good review Chris, always enjoy your insights, & genuine honesty of how you personally like or dislike a film. Everyone is torching this film as unwatchable, your review is the only one that wasn't reeking of hate for everyone involved, knew it couldn't be THAT bad. Indiana Jones is probably my favorite character of all time also & I've been watching movies for a lot longer.
Wow....this review...is....IT....beginning to end...You captured everything about the movie....to the loss of real well written movie reviews....WELL DONE!
I'm not sure if it is a generational thing, but as a gen-xer (early, 1965) who grew up with such wildly varying effects in film and television in my childhood and adolescence that we learned to suspend disbelief in a radically different way than millennials and gen-z. We grew up watching analog, practical effects evolving and peaking with things like The Think and Alien, and then watching the total absolute beginning of digital effects starting with Tron, The Last Starfighter, and Willow and then viewing through the 90s being able to understand that the "realism" of an effect isn't as important as it's narrative purpose in the storytelling. The effects don't need to be realistic. We know it's a movie or tv show. We are find with what they need to do to tell the story they need to tell, which is why Rogue One's Grand Moff Tarkin doesn't bother me at all because it's an important narrative in the story and I don't care about how they used digital effects to recreate him. Same with digital de-aging. In the past they used practical makeup effects to age people up and down, and as a viewer, you just mentally 'get' what they are doing to tell the story. This is used in The Fellowship of the Ring with Bilbo when he finds the One Ring. We don't throw up our arms watching Fellowship and go "Welp! It's ruined! That's not a young Bilbo!" You accept things for the storytelling. Movies are like new memories you watch being formed before your eyes. Why do you need for it to be 100% realistic to accept it as part of the story being told? You really don't.
TL;DR: Watch it as "just a movie" it's fine. 👍
I don’t pay attention to what critics say, either, if I like the movie, I like it. But if they reviews for this are absolute garbage. and, taking in the fact that Kathleen Kennedy has already ruined one franchise, and also the fact that they didn’t bring Steven Spielberg back. The last thing I want to see is another franchise i love being ruined. On top of that, the rumors that Phoebe is also the main character is awful
You're absolutely right Chris. Roger Ebert left a significant chunk empty from what I look for in a film review, now, everything is Rotten or Fresh. I will say your channel does bring a difference and that's why I subscribe. Thank-You
It's too bad its not getting love like I hoped but honestly I just want more Indy action. That's it, I want Ford traveling exploring and fighting.
Cancel this woke garbage shouldn't even be direct to streaming/DVD/Blu ray disc.
Chris still drinking the Kool-Aid by trying to convince you that Dial of Dysentery is better than Crystal Skull so worth a visit to your local movie theatre. Either that or he's totally sold out.
Ah man, I wish I had enough money to support your movie. I’ve been watching you since near the beginning of your channel (using different YouTube accounts over the years for various reasons) Unfortunately I’m as broke now as I was then. Paradoxically, I’m probably more broke now then I was then. How cool would it be to be credited in your first movie! Man. Anyway, best of luck. I know your going to knock it out of the park. And happy Father’s Day. (I’m going to see if I can’t get the $45 or $75 option as a Father’s Day gift to myself.)
You know sometimes I miss being able to go a movie the way chris's mom does.
For me I just think Indiana Jones and CGI should not be in the same movie.  The first three movies were great for me cause i knew it was real stunt people doing real stunts that looked fantastic.  CGI has ruined a lot of what made those types of movies so great.
Chris Fuckmann
Thank you for posting a real review of this movie.  Chris and Jeremy are the 2 reviewers I wait for to know if a movie is good or not.  They don't give in to the bullshit all the rest of these "anti woke" and "anti Disney" channels create just for hate clicks.  I've had my ticket since the day they went on sale.  Fuck the haters.
Well not EVERYONE likes Indiana Jones, just ask the people who made this movie
I hate wokeism -_- but that reference is sooooo subtle (I just started the video, hopefuly it doesnt get worse...) and I love Chris sooo...  -_-  Must not hate.
It’s weird I’m just not feeling this one like I’m having Star Wars visions I don’t know
After what was done to Bond in his last film, I'm scared about how this ends for Indy
Mangold did the two best on screen showings of Wolverine. This looks great! Ford v. Ferrari was also surprisingly awesome.
I honestly think Chris kind of justifies criticizing this film by talking about CG and overly talking about the film making process to find positives about the movie rather than really talk about the movie itself, Indy's hero journey, and all the things that general audiences and fans care about.    I haven't watch Chris's reviews in awhile and he feels far  more... corporate than he used to. Like hes trying to be safe.
I will never understand the hate that Crystal Skull gets. It seems that people just want to point at it and laugh cause it’s an easy target without really wanting be with it and study it. It’s the weird kid in class and it’s easier to laugh at them than befriend them. There’s a lot of damn good filmmaking in it. Yet everybody flocks to these readymade superhero studio movies that lack the voice of a soul creator behind the helm.
Nuanced reviews exists.  We have to search for it.  Many people are preferring the extreme reviews because they are entertaining and the algorithms are promoting that.  I am so glad to hear that it's not all bad and there is some good in this.  I can't wait to see it.
Ι have to say that i follow Chris like 300.000 and before the Tattoos congrats Chris . The review reminded me your old videos on Indiana and made me remeber how old i am and how much you grow. I remeber saying this dude needs  more view and subs like the other guy with the Crazy hair.
Shelby Oaks is the horror movie??
How much did they pay you to give a positive review about this movie??🤣
Or just skip the movie.
It's really pretty disappointing that they didn't employ Anthony Ingruber to star in the first 20 minutes of the movie. that is the way that you would do it. there was another way- have you seen Age of Adeline?!
I have no interest in seeing this. I hope it loses a lot of money.
It's so over Stuckbros 😞
Get ready to see an old man who has become a depressing shadow of his former self, get lectured by obnoxious, preachy and  unattractive new character, who has no flaws at all, has nothing to learn from the more experienced guy, and thus has no character arc, and gets to be the hero. Truly a movie made for fans!!
keep seeing this kind of movies with lower quality and we will get the same shit, like star wars
Idk if everybody in the room quite caught heard u the first time… “I don’t think ANY Steven Spielberg movies has been directly poorly”   U gotta admit, his worse movies still pull u into them w/ iconic John Williams scores.
I am so looking forward seeing this and taking my mom and my wife and my daughter
Chris, like you, the original trilogy was a defining aspect of my childhood. I absolutely love those movies.  Every other review I've heard said this new movie is crap, so I decided I would just simply never watch it. But your review is just so good I've now changed my mind and will give it a try. But I'm gonna be pissed if you're wrong on this one!
He is 80 why would it be like the original 3 ?
Why can't you wear that shirt 365 days a year pride selfish pride is a yearly everyday thing
Um like I say always this movie isn't out in theaters yet
Phoebe waller bridges ruins this movie for me, probably the most unlikeable character ive seen on screen
Indiana Jones had 3 very very good movies but part 4 & 5 are just bland and totally unnecessary.
Honestly, I think it's amazing we are even seeing a 5th film. Not every franchise can pull this off.
Of course Chris isn't going to be too negative on Disney Indiana Jones. He's hoping to be the next indie newcomer director hired there after "Shelby Oaks" is done.  Because that's what Disney has been doing for years with their Marvel and Star Wars movies, hire young upcoming directors whom they can boss around easily.
I forget how old Stuckman is but I'm old enough to have zero expectations for delayed sequels. Mad Max Fury Road is like the only exception.
I think your fanboy side is talking and blinding you.
I was on the fence before your review.  Im gonna see it because of John Williams!  Im a score junky and Indy is my fav character all time.  I have seen the spoiler reviews and they are unsettling, but it is what it is.  Waller-Bridge is not likable.  So the repeat views on this will suffer.  Disney really needs to rethink things.  I probably would see the film like 5 times if it were great.  So they could 5x their sales if the made great films!
Great review.  I wasn't going to see it because I wasn't interested.  The first three are gold. My wife wanted to see it so I'm going.  I will approach like u. Open minded and not comparing
I boycott Indiana Jones 5. Because K.K. will get fired if this fails. I won’t allow myself to watch it.
I sense denial
Masterpiece monologue how justifique a mediocre movie bullshit
Your review is just wrong.
No one says you’re not valuable as a person if your old… I just don’t pay 15$ a ticket to see a senior citizen complain about being old. Stop with the inclusivity politics in an action movie.
The drinker disagrees...
Temple of Doom sucks. Overrated trilogy.
The fat, bearded Midwesterners are saying they are boycotting.
Unsub
Its yet another franchise thats dead. Passing the botton to the powerful woman. Lines where it should have been given to indiana went to the replacement. If you enjoy Indiana Jones, you will NOT like this movie. The first 20 mins is an indiana jones film then goes modern script.
I ll make it simple. It’s woke or non woke. Why the algo decide to show me soy boy with the rainbow shirt to tell me the new movie it’s good. Hahaha.
Crystal Skull and The Dial Of Density are AWFUL.  Probably the biggest complaint I have is that the action is so over  the top and unbelievable that it is laughable.  I chalk that up to CGI. In the original pre- CGI trilogy you had real stunt people doing actual stuntwork and you can see that onscreen. Having real stunts adds a level of tension, danger, and amazement that CGI action can never come close to producing. In the last two IJ films you can see that 90% of the action is CGI generated and it just ruins the action. Pair that with a PC- friendly, unoriginal, and uninteresting script and you have an unwatchable mess.
All I know is, that this film didn’t need to be made.  Hollywood is bereft of any creativity and risk taking.  This movie is probably a nostalgia fest
I also feel anymore, everything is either the worst film ever or a complete masterpiece. Nothing can just be okay anymore. I definitely ageee with your notion.
I Really... REALLY... Want this saga to Stop!  Last Crusade Is the Original Ending. POINT. Stop "squeezing" Indiana Jones, Hollywood!
U hit the nail on the head with film criticism today. There a few exceptions, but especially with the main public now, it’s “ that was the best movie ever!” Or “this is the worst movie ever made and I’m spending the next 6 months of my life to going to war against this movie”.
Everyone go see flash it was actually really good and it would be a shame for dc to just shove it to the side with the new universe starting
Watched KoCS on a CAM bootleg and just hoped it was that bad…it wasn’t
If I had a nickel where James Mangold directed a movie of an aged hero thrust into a scenario of danger and adventure to wrap up his chronicles, I'd have ten cents.  Nothing odd, just glad that he knows how to handle beloved characters in this manner.
Hollywood wants just to cash in more money
They just need to ditch all remakes, reboots and decades late squalsfor movies, they will ever even be half as good so what is the point
I only like the first 2 movies, not sure why everyone loves Last Crusade but for me it was crap compared to the first 2
I honestly was going to not watch this in theaters until you mentioned that Mangold directed it. He directed Logan, one of my top films ever so I will definitely give it a chance, despite Pheobe dragging her contradictory politics into everything she does.
I want to say the more i watch Crystal skull the more i just love it. I guess cause it involves an Alien 👽 storyline. It blended everything i love about Steven Spielberg and George Luca. Just sayin
I just remember how Chris savaged the prequels and soft pedaled  the sequel trilogy...
So, do you still think that watching Crystal Skull was a phantom-menacing experience?
I love the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, shake your head at me, throw shade I don’t care. Compared to most sub par crap that has come out in the past 2 years this film isn’t as bad as you think. It’s underrated and people want to dog pile because it’s the cool thing to do.
Indy 5 suck, who would have thought lol
Good review...wanna know what critical drinker thinks about this one tho 😂
For Me, I never watched any of Indiana Jones franchise or wasn’t big fan of those movies. I’ll still remember when people was criticize the Crystal Skull calling it “the worst Indiana Jones movie ever made”.
Wonder if Stuckmann will give a review of his own film.
Chris Simpmann you did it again!  How did you become such a simplord for woke Hollywood ?
I wanted to curl one out in the cinema and throw my doodoo at the screen when Shia Labeouf started swinging through the trees with monkeys, I hated Crystal Skull and really hope this new one is better
This is a real review of the film. I wish there was more nuanced talk like this on the rest of youtube.
I've always felt that James Mangold was a "jam band" director. A really versatile and skilled craftsman. But with real voice of his own. That being said, so far he's made no bad movies (I haven't seen this one though).
A very "safe" inoffensive review, cmon Chris it's ok to be critical sometimes if something is bad. Definitely miss your older review style and grading. Good look on Shelby Oaks 👍
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the crystal skull 2008 top's dial of the destiny and is arguably the most underrated film in the franchise.
Hope disney sees this and will date you
Chris, I've been following you since 2014. And thank you, thank you for supporting art, and not letting hate influence your love for art. I wasnt going to watch this movie, but now I'm going to. Thank you
The Last Crusade was also the last Indiana Jones. Crystal Skulls was an embarrassment. Even an actor of the caliber like Cate Blanchett couldn’t save the the cardboard cutout character they handed her to play. And the less said about the James Dean styled “rebel without a clue” son, the better.
I think a one thing in don’t like from trailers is the cgi. The original movies had a stunt feel to them. You could see the dust and grit. And the nature of live action forces you to stay grounded in the action while cgi let’s directors go to far and lose the realism.
I wish they used Anthony Ingruber, he looks strikingly similar to a young Harrison Ford
C'mon, man. Call this and The Crystal Skull what they were. With respect, this is, under the surface, whitewashing apologetics.  The first 3 films were... _fundamentally different._  They were each classics, even Temple of Doom, in its way.  These last two, could've been, sure, if they showed they knew what this whole Indiana Jones thing really always was...but they lost the road.   The cinematography, the ZERO-cgi action... and also, critically, the CHARACTER of indy, being so wry and trouble-prone and too curious for his own good... the aging Indy should be just as intense, but not FAKE him being so spry, rather brilliantly accommodating the action momentum around the PERSONALITY of his action movements... and exploit the aging to show beguiling similarities to his dad, and his own deepest questions and fears and motivations, now that he's immortal or whatever... There's so much they could draw on and from, that these could be new MODERN classics that are bursting at the seams with Indiana Jones character, charm, wit, personality, eternal adventuresomeness, hesitant cantankerousness, and all the REAL, thrilling live action cine-magic that it ever was... The 1940s adventure tropes were off-the-charts - but recapturable, if truly honored, with a glint in one's eye.  I mean, this epic saga is some of the most thrilling, compelling adventure cinema of all time!  The bar, I'd say, by which anything similar must be held in some kind of perspective.
Nothing woke aspects to mention? Fleabag not ridiculing Indy?
Even them that didn't watch the film know what that 3rd act choice is and thats why its getting so much hate i'd say
I loved this video! Been excited for this one while also trying to temper my expectations (not cause I didn’t like Crystal Skull, which I did, but because I try to remind myself that whether or not it works, I’ll still have the other four movies to enjoy), and you did a really nuanced job reviewing this! Can’t wait to check it out on the big screen
Feels a bit like a "Trying my best too like the move" review rather than a I really like this movie.
Thanks for bringing up the state of modern film criticism being so binary.  I have friends where if a film is not great, it is therefore pure garbage, a travesty that makes them furious, an abomination that should not exist, and an offence against our very existence.
Why the so much hate for kingdom of the crystal skull?? I loved it... the intro, the rocket thing scene, the nuke scene, the jungle chase scene, the graveyard scene, the female villain. I loved all of it... But i was born in 96 and it was the 1st indiana jones movie I seen so that could have something to do with it 🤷🏽‍♂️
Lucasfilm ignorant of the option of Ke Huy Qwan, recast as Short Round is 100% proof that Indy5 is a fail.
I’m tired of seeing feminist agendas in classic IPs.  Lukas film is donning the skin of Indiana Jones to push an agenda.   They should make a movie not political propaganda
I grew up with the original trilogy and I can't get myself to watch these sequels :| I'm afraid it's just gonna taint my fond childhood memory of a favorite movie hero
Crystal Skull may have it's "moments" but I don't think that's how a movie works. You don't throw a ton of crap at the screen in the hope of one "moment" works and let the audience suffer through the rest. In fact, I believe a single moment can even destroy a whole generally good movie, making it bad.
This guy is terrified to say what he really thinks, just say it , it’s garbage
I think there is an inherent problem with the new Indiana Jones movies.  Imagine the old, original three movies, being shot with a 75 year old main character. That wouldn't have worked, right? Indy was a man in his prime - young, attractive, risk-taking and brash. The original movies would probably not have been a success with your young self, had they cast someone the age of your grand-dad as their lead.  There is an obvious solution to this problem though - and a path to that solution has been laid out in The Last Crusade. Sean Connery as Henry Jones Sr. was an amazing addition to the series, and the father-son chemistry added a lot to the fun. And there were hints that Henry Jones Sr. in his younger years might have been just as impetuous - and that that's the main reason why he is so derisive of his sons impetuousness in The Last Crusade. But even with Sean Connery bringing his a-game, the clear and obvious lead character was Indy. Indy was the one the action revolved around, and Connery was often just sitting/standing there, expecting his son to do all the dirty/risky stuff.  And that's where The Crystal Skull failed. They had the right idea with introducing Indy's son Mutt - but they made him into a secondary character, more of a side-kick rather, and still put an mostly unchanged grandpa Jones into the center of all the action. Now Shia LaBeouf's performance in that movie was anything but stellar - and you can blame his acting or the direction if you want - but I think there's no way he ever could have succeeded, as long as Ford remains the central lead character.  What would have been needed is for old Indy to evolve as a character - and to become more like his own father. Dropping the nickname "Indy", becoming "Henry Jones Sr.", and growing calmer, more measured and less brash. And make him the supporting character, while Mutt takes his father's mantle and becomes the new Indiana Jones - and the center of the action.  And that's something Hollywood would never dare to do these days. Evolving and changing a beloved character is always going to be divisive, and in the age of internet outrage, can be dangerous to success. And that's why Indiana Jones hasn't grown as a character - but still is exactly the same adventurous daredevil as he was in his - now long faded - youth.  But while this made his younger self charming and roguishly attractive - it makes 75 year old Indy feel like someone who is desperately clinging to his long-gone youth, because he's never learned or grown beyond that.  But instead of introducing a new, young Indy - what they are doing is de-aging Ford... *sigh*
I was looking forward zu Indy 5 for many years. I was optimistic when Mangold was announced as a director. But Disney has done so many shitty things recently, I can't give them my money anymore without feeling disgusted afterwards. So no, I won't buy a ticket for Indy 5 just to watch an okay movie. If it would be as good as many of Mangold's strongest works, I'd make an exception. But sadly it isn't.   Greetings from Germany :=)
Is this review sponsored?
I enjoy all four Indiana Jones films and I can't wait to see Indy 5 in the theater.
Aw honestly I think  I will get emotional watching this movie,I remember as a kid watching Indiana Jones on VHS,Loved all 3 with temple of doom being my favourite kos I really liked short round.But don't really care how shit this could have been I know this is the last one and nearly being 40 I wana go watch this and just to give thanks to Harrison Ford for giving me awesome memories of a character I have loved over the years.......I mean last one with Ford at the helm they do remake someday.😅
Pls review E.T The Extra Terrestrial Chris
The Last Crusade is the Best film of the saga, easily. Raiders is 2nd & Temple is good too, especially the final 45-60 mins. Crystal Skull was pretty fun overall but just doesnt hit the mark in the dame ballpark as the original run.
If I can find the fun out of the movie I'm watching then it'll be a good time. The older I get the less time I have to criticize a movie. By looking at the trailer itself I think I'm going to have a good time.
You keep warning us about That character in the 3rd act… I wonder who that is?
Very Deep and Honest…. Can’t wait to see it.                 I expect it to be 3rd or 4th Best Indi Movie.
I might pick up the score on CD or something. But as far as seeing this film I'm not interested in seeing Indiana Jones and the Tampon of Doom!
SHOULD have brought back the character of “Short-Round” to pair up with Indy 🤨
This sounds like a total perverted fever nightmare. 🤦 Please don't buy a ticket. You can see the first 20 min of the film soon enough on streaming or YouTube which is what fans are baited by.. I can't support such garbage. Why is the only comedy joke these big budget films have now is how old you are? Is really bizarre and lacks any sort of substance. This film sounds ridiculous in a bad way not a fun let's eat monkey brains and try to get out of a spike lair sort of fun way. It sounds not fun and depressing as all hell!!!
Mr. Stuckmann liking a movie with a Mary Sue character? What are the chances? By all means - if anyone has a fetish for loud, obnoxious know-it-all actresses like the insufferable Ms. Waller-Bridge, this is the movie for you. For the rest of us, there are better movies to experience Williams and Ford in than yet another feminist manifesto from the claws of Ms. Kennedy.
Why does it feel like the comments just assumed this review was negative? The split between the video and the comments is jarring.
How could you think this was good pwhahaha
Without Nazis its not Indy.
Woke crap
Pile of dogs dirt.
Do NOT go see this movie so then Emperor Kathleen Kennedy can finally be fired!😊👍🏻
Is he gay cause he's wearing a gay rainbow t-shirt?
Lemme guess, the woman "side character" completely replaces the main male character just like in every single movie made nowadays🤢🤮
How can you possibly have seen the film already.
Great to hear someone not be full of hate.
Was wondering about how you would enjoy this movie 🍿 I’m gonna see it just because it’s another Indy movie! Harrison Ford! You make a lot of good points 👍🏼 it will be shit tho 😂
His reviews are bought by Disney and he could barely make any positive statements about it.
stuckmanns reviews are fucking worthless nowadays. he reviews based on "feelings". thanks for telling us you like nostalgia.
Chris liked the last Jedi so I think this won’t be good
chirs i understand you enjoy the franchise the movie was woke to the core
Worst movie ever. Biggest Indiana Jones fan my ENTIRE life….🎊 🎉 Pre-booked tickets & was worst movie I’ve seen in a while. So far from Indiana Joes 3 actual movies.  20minutes of good 120 minutes of some unfunny slutty girl named Helena who abuses Indy… So bad So bad and they destroy Indian Jones happy ending (best part of crystal skull). Save your heart and money… Don’t see this movie 🎥 😢
Low expectations are key to getting any enjoyment out of modern movies.
Interesting shirt Chris.
I think reviewers have been unfairly harsh on this film because they felt they were too lenient towards Crystal Skull, so it's a backlash. For myself (and my father, who is 71, so the fact that Ford has aged is not academic to him), this movie is f*cking awesome. Totally brought back the spirit of the original films, the script may actually be the best of all of them, and it is a fitting end to a beloved character and a beloved franchise. I'm sure Disney will look at rebooting this series in like a decade, but whatever. That's Disney and modern Hollywood. This movie is all that matters for now.  And I honestly didn't notice the de-aging, and I was looking for it. I just didn't. So whatever.
Not interested.  Shoulda recast the role. Let Harrison Ford retire with some dignity already.
"archaeologist", ok
Chris, your comments on how we seem to have lost the nuance in film journalism and criticism, as a filmmaker who has watched your reviews since mad max fury road, hit incredibly hard. So glad you're still reviewing movies and giving them a chance. I've seen so many films in recent memory that have been critically panned, and whilst they aren't necessarily great movies, they try to do something different. Glad theres still some people who are willing to see movies and look for the good in them, whilst actually giving sound and objective (as much as you can) critiques! Keep fighting the good fight!
Lots of excuses
This was very very very boring. Not a good review Chris.
Cue the ridiculous chase scenes that break the laws of physics just like fast x
Dude just needs to rest
The biggest crime to the jones franchise is the untapped potential of handing the hat off to shortround... considering the actor who played him made a comeback a year ago in everything everywhere all at once. Just seems like a missed opportunity.
Chris Stuckmann, the biggest fan of everything and every character is his favorite of all time
If I can enjoy the Irishman, I don’t think I’ll have an issue with the de-aging in this film.
Indiana Jones ended in the third movie, with Indy, his father, Marcus, and Sallah riding to the sunset. Period. I don't need anything else.
It doesn't make sense that Dial of Destiny isn't better than what it is since Mangold directed it. It was made for one person and that is KK
In the trailer they take a shot at Capitalism. Which they have every right to do. They also have every right to someone else's capital.
Oh no, they've gotten to Stuckmann. The need to be accepted by Hollywood was too great. Chris Stuckman honest reviews...I will miss them.
NOTHING about any frame of any image I have seen so far looks amazing, let alone good. It has a forced sepia filter to it that causes a digital look to the entire thing to help blend the shotty CGI.
Roger ebert was my gmas neighbor
I do kind of hate what film review has become. It's very easy to get caught up in the crowd consensus, whether good or bad, and for a lot of people they really do just boil it down to that binary of being one or the other. I really think that Rotten Tomatoes has been more of a curse than a blessing, and that people are more concerned with films hitting certain metrics than what an auteur may be trying to convey. That said, Indiana Jones is one of those hallmark series that carries a lot more expectation than most, like you said. I do hope people realize that this can still be a good movie, even if it doesn't match up to the original trilogy.
One day we’ll get back to where we were in the 80s when the first three movies came out—we didn’t see Raiders or Temple for any other reason than to have a good time at the movies. The end.
Will you ever do an Andor review? Please Chris 🙏
Dwayne Hicks is my favourite character. Just saying 😢
You sound like Australian podcasters (weekly planet) with their “best movie ever, worst movie ever” way of reviewing films… pretty clever
This might be the only review I've seen with someone liking Phoebe Waller-Bridge.  I really don't know anything about her, but I don't like what I've seen of her in the trailers.
I don’t know… I am pretty positive that I will enjoy this film and for what it is. As for original trilogy… doom is not very good. As a film… and especially as an Indy film.
For the first time this feels paid for
I wish they went the James Bond route with the Indy flicks. There’s endless possibilities for adventures and seeing different iterations of the character over the years would have been interesting.
So basicly on a scale from 1-10, Raiders 8.5, Temple 8, Crusade 9, Skull 3.5, File 6.5...?
Come on Chris is just a sellout to Disney nobody  with any intelligence wants to see the movie and even more appalling is his rainbow shirt ...what a sellout  dude ...
Your mom is awesome!!!!
There are so many on YouTube ripping apart movies before having seen them, seemingly to in views with tribal negativity. It's exhausting, and such a relief to see you take a neutral, balanced view. Thanks for keeping a cool head and giving an honest opinion. SUBSCRIBED.
We get it...your review is bais because you wanted it to be better than crystal skull, half of your video is a ramble about critical viewing.  So I'll watch a better, impartial review. 🤷‍♂️
i’m a big film fan and the only james mangold movies i’ve seen are the wolverine ones and ford v ferrari great movies but there’s a reason ppl don’t instantly recognize his name like spielberg or scorsese
Im afraid to see this movie. Crystall Skull was bad enough…
I kind of regretted seeing Crystal Skull.  Thankfully it was forgettable and over time I was left with only the trilogy in my memory.  I won't go out of my way to see this but if I happen to be at a party twenty years from now and it happens to be on I may sit and watch.
My favorite thing about this review is hearing that your parents are not shunning you
I've heard rumblings about the movie. But I always go into a movie hoping for the best. sometimes I'm surprised and sometimes I'm disappointed.
00:40 - But Warren Beaty in Reds was so idealistic, dedicated and vulnerable!
one of the few semi positive reviews ive seen of this attempt at another indy movie...
Oh oh oh.... You should get a dislike for some of this take 😂.   I like your stuff though. So like anyway ;)  This movie needed Chris Pratt, to celebrate Harrison Ford, and to push away from Aliens to a more grounded adventure. Not move to time travel 🙄
I had the opposite experience with Crystal Skull. I left disappointed, vowed to never watch it again, and then 10 years later I picked it back up and loved it (aside from a few scenes which still make me cringe). People shit on it to be relevant in the Lucas-hate era, and just because it's so much easier to be negative with social media around, and most people bandwagon against things.
Agreed with all your comments.  Ultimately, this is a cash play.  Agree with everything you said about James Mangold. I will watch anything he makes. Thanks.
Ditch that damn shirt
you can comment on film criticism mixing with film journalism and the nuance of it, or you can just give your honest review of a movie like you used to. All this word salad and mental gymnastics to tell us you've been compromised , smh . Ive never heard red letter media whining about nuance. The people you are trying to appease are evil and will gut you and eat you the moment you make the slightest mistake.
lol Shill
for me most movies i like are the ones that others say are bad movies....the stuff they like i think suck...everyone is  different that nueance isnt just the movie but the people watching it
They could have delivered an amazing film just like the old ones where you and your son would make memories they didn’t and don’t any more bc they want to destroy the 4 olds (Mao’s revolution): Old Ideas, Old Culture, Old Customs, and Old Habits   This wasn’t supposed to be a “good” film,this like all others propaganda, are supposed to re-educate your old ways.
I love how you pretend this is a review of dial of destiny and then proceed to review crystal skull
Races against... *TIME*... hah!
The Last Crusade is the best and my favorite movie from this franchise. I'm curious to see this new one because it's Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones. But I'm afraid I will be disappointed even though I have low expectations.
I love (almost) everything about the Indy franchise. Also, nice shirt.
Where do you get the movie poster images to use in your reviews? How do you avoid copyright takedown/demonetization?
So we should tolerate mediocre movies? Nah, I don’t think I will.
I always value your opinion.
Yikes. De-aging? I wasn't interested before, but definitely not now. I think studios see cgi like this as a selling point rather than what it is, a liability.
"Has its moments" is the description that has always eluded me when it comes to Crystal Skull
I'm giving this movie a hard pass.  Kathleen Kennedy should have never left her job as goffer for Spielberg.
Why do they use CGI to de-age people? It always looks obvious. Why not use Deep Fake which always looks real?
I don't buy that you actually think this is good. You're just pretending it is to be politically correct. You know damn well this is garbage.
How was this movie any good, it worse then skull lol 😢😅😅😅
Disney wanted to systematically dismantle everything that was good about Lucasfilm. They have succeeded.
Just came here to see what this media shill thinks about this movie..
Ok now I’m exited!! ✊ 😎❤️‍🔥
Love all these people in the comments who clearly have not seen the movie, critiquing this review and saying it's bullshit 😂
Im sorry this movie is bad period
It's a shame that this right vs left battle is what some people focus on when it comes to a movie.
But but but.... Chris Stuckmann said this film was good as long as you don't campare it to the original trilogy (Basically like saying dog poop is good as long as you don't compare it to steak) Which is what KK the queen of franchise killing with her isms put into these movies. She has stated she isnt making films FOR FANS of the movie, you all are toxic. She is just make fun movies for the casual movie goer who has no weird toxic fanboy attachments to these films. Chris lost his edge now that he made it 'big time'... Everything is pc from him.
Actually I was okay with Crystal Skull untill the last quarter. When they brought the stupid aliens in. I kinda decided not to watch any new Indiana Jones films any more. But this one I might still watched because of the decade even y plays in. I love the 70's. And 80's.  I guess Sheila Labeouf is not his son anymore.
Raiders of the Lost Ark was 100 times better than it needed to be.  I was a kid seeing Raiders on the big screen and it was an experience.  It presented an audience expecting just an action movie an opportunity to behold excellence in filmmaking.  There was not a single place where Spielberg cut corners and no scene where the production's slip showed.  Everything, absolutely everything, in that movie was buttoned down.  That movie was Spielberg's gift to a generation.
Woke Garbage FLOP. Fire Kathleen Kennedy
Chris literally has no opinion.  I wouldn't listen to this guy.  He just likes everything that comes out
Flea bag makes this a hard pass
Here's my problem with the "binary thinking" argument here, and why it's not exactly acceptable for this movie to "just be okay": ....WHY is it "just okay"? How is a movie that costs $350+million before marketing not "amazing"? And if it had so much working against it, to where it could never BE amazing.....why is it so expensive? I think we all know why, and it's very difficult to separate what the movie "is", and what the movie "should be". If my goal was to lose 50 lbs in a year, but I only lost 20 because I wasn't disciplined enough, I'm not going to say "Oh I lost 20lbs, that's pretty okay", I'm going to say "f**k, I only met 40% of my goal... that's unacceptable".
Simp
Money.
You always need to ask yourself this question:  "Did this story need to be told?' If the answer is no, then don't make that movie/show/etc.
nice
You are going way too heavy you are going to be criticized by all your fellow reviewers you are the only one that likes this f****** movie
Fun fact... "Temple of Doom" was a prequel.   It is set before "ROTLA"
Well you're one of the only reviewers that thinks that
Idk I won’t watch it. It’s a vehicle for replacing Indiana Jones with a Mary Sue infallible woman. I will tell my kids there is only 3 Indiana Jones movies and 6 Star Wars films.
KK butchering another IP
Wait, did his mom left the Jehovah's Witnesses?
You can see the pain in this man's eyes as he tries to convince him self on camera that this movie isn't that bad 😂😂😅
So the movie is good after all and the girl doesn't ruin it? i trust you Chris just want to confirm before I spend the $$
Stop pushing that Pride rubbish during reviews. Our vets who died in war get a day but sexually immoral get a whole month.   Just review the film without pushing an agenda.
Did Lucas write this one again?
Can't wait for Indiana Jones 6: The Search for Gross where a blind, wheelchair bound, dementia patient Indiana Jones is looking under manholes covers for the Ark of the Covenant.
Why would you review if it's not out yet
Does this guy ever give a bad review…… he’s really trying not to 😅😅
Hey Chris, I just discovered your Indiana Jones fan films today and watched the old clips from your video 7 years ago. You’re wrong about the end product not being amazing. I really appreciated all the effort you and your friends put into your work!   The clips brought a smile to my face and really demonstrated your love for movies. I wish you all the best in your new indie movie, and to think this journey all started with an Indy movie :)
This film has all the inferring be awesome but then someone added just one more unnecessary and egregious ingredient KKenndy.
Mate awesome review as usual. Like you said everything has become black and white and there are no,  as you said, "nuances" We go to the movies to be entertained and for the fact that we are fans. I don't listen to mainstream reviews, I like to form my own opinion and regardless if people hate it, I always find something to like..... case in point "the crystal skull" Thanks for keeping it real and for the fans :)
80 is too old to be an action hero...sorry...just say'n
OMG...Indy is toast...I will never watch this serial ever again... Sorry...just say'n
In the realm of cinematic brilliance, as I witnessed the art unfold before my eyes, I found myself lost in a symphony of emotions, swept away by the grandeur and depth that only the silver screen can deliver.
Nice , honest and unbiased review , cheers : )
So when does the review start?
Memory 🔓 unlocked! My sister, father and I would often watch Roger Ebert and Siskel (later Roeper) review movies while eating dinner. I'm glad we have you Chris to continue the tradition ❤
A generalization of how I criticize/  enjoy movies: " holy shit it was great " , " it was eh, ok" and "total piece of shit."  Nothing wrong with that.  People easily understand it, especially if they know what I like.  Using crystal skull to make this movie sound good is pretty silly.
The last Crusade has them riding off into the sunset..... That is an ending to a story, not to be continued.
Great, another Disney movie that ruins yet another childhood hero of mine by turning him into a feeble old man who gets bossed around by a younger British female feminist. Kathleen Kennedy's got to go.
I'm in the minority here but I loved the first two but disliked The Last Crusade and liked Crystal Skull. Sure, it was more about aliens than a religious plot as the first three were, but as an atheist, I'd much sooner see things on aliens than Gods. I look forward to seeing the new one whenever I can.
Yikes, I hate everything she writes and is part of. Stop trying to make her something. She is destroys franchise like this and Bond.
I saw it two nights ago as well. The first 22 minutes feels like an Indiana Jones movie. Then it turns to over CGIed crap again.
My list goes like this  1. The Last Crusade 2. Raiders of the Lost Ark 3. Temple of Doom 4. The Dial of Destiny 5. The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull 6. The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles
Worst movie review ever! Just be honest and say the movie wasnt about indiana jones but about passing the torch to phoebe waller bridge
I come here for a woke perspective and I’m not let down by Chris with that. I personally said if he hands the torch to a woman over a man I wasn’t going to watch. Only because fathers with young sons should be able to go see something that meant so much to their boyhood share with there son.
So, r u, Jahns, & Murrell shelling for D+ now?! 😏😏😏
If Indiana Jones was not in the first movie, the outcome would have been the same. 😅
Chris Stuckkman:  shedding a tear over Kingdom of the crystal skull memeories.
Bringing back a film series that already had a good ending should happen only because someone has a really good reason why a new movie should use those characters and setting. Wanting to weaponize nostalgia to print money isn't it. That's how you get the Crystal Skull or the Star Wars sequels. I love the old Indiana Jones films, I have since childhood, but I don't have a need or desire for more if they're made just OK enough that people won't get upset paying for them. Give me the Fury Road of Indiana Jones, and I'll get excited about going to the theater. Until then, I'm fine with what we got, thanks.
Would have been super excited to have watched this been a big fan from childhood but phoebe i cant stand.
Chris, you probably won't see this comment, but I would like to thank you for actually taking time and reviewing stuff, instead of jumping to reactionary bulletpoints. It's so nice to see a person who actually spends time analyzing movies, considering all aspects of those. I've watched you for a long time but it was at Rings of Power where I finally got this aspect of yours. So many people just jump to pretty much insulting every aspect of a film or a show, if they don't like one thing about it or worse - if it's hip to hate it online, that you can't even tell where proper criticism starts and where vitriol ends.  I don't always agree with you, but genuinely - thank you.
As lame as it sounds, I've been excited for this movie since the day I've first heard of it and no review could shake it. At the same time, I'm happy, you've found so much good in it. Thanks for an excellent review, as always!
Did we really need to go with the pride shirt? Can we keep this channel about movies?
The trilogy ended with the audience finding out Indy was named after the dog....now the sequels are just dogs.
I've seen Hollywood kill off (and frankly, emasculate) one too many of my childhood cinema heroes in the last decade (Luke Skywalker) so I will be skipping Indy's last ride for fear of seeing this happen again. However, I am blown away by your level headed and "see the good that just happens to come with the bad" approach to discussing modern cinema. That is certainly to be commended in an era of bile, division and rampant negativity.
and Phoebe Waller-Bridge is overrated and she sucks
Each INDIANA JONES film is different into themselves. People need to stop comparing and they'll never be disappointed
Not a big “The Critical Drinker” fan, are you Chris?
Interesting review. You would have to be very blinkered to have not noticed the "message" that Hollywood has been pushing for the last 8 years or so. Have they done a U-Turn with this film? Don't think so. PWB is from the UK and is only known for her agenda of belittling men. I think that this film continues that trend of eliminating/humiliating all white male heroes, ie Star Wars, and phase 3 M-She-U.  The last crusade was one of the best endings a franchise could have asked for and now here we are trying to polish a turd.
Thanks for your wonderfully nuanced review!
How much did Disney pay for this paid advertising?
I love Indy and I'm not watching this shit no matter its technical merits.
Thanks for the Review and Video 😀
But how woke is it
Does nuance work with food? if you went to a restaurant and part of the meal was bad would you give the restaurant a good review? the same should work for movies.
Please....
This was the one and only review for this movie I have been waiting on.  I've watched long enough to understand your love for this franchise.
You should watch Critical Drinker, that guy has a very large vocabulary and is on point. This review is unornamented and elementary in it’s detail, understanding, in conveyancing the ideas you want people to understand and appreciate. The reason people have an issue wallerbridge is because what happens to mutt? Why is she now better the Jones? Why does she get more screen time then Jones? Why do they have to make Jones look stupid just to make her look better?  I’m curious how much you were paid to fluff this review?
Are you still drinking the Kool aid though? I guess, I will have to watch the movie, sorry just distrust after Crystal Skull
I desagree.  The movie sucks!
I Loved Crystal Skull. Y'all Trippin'!
I'm so looking forward to this movie. I feel like I'm going to get what I'm expecting with this movie. I definitely wasn't expecting an awful movie that ruins the series because it has a woman in it and she's WOKE like all the nutters are crying about. But I also wasn't expecting a classic Indy film on the level of Raiders like the fanboys expect. If it's a good Indy adventure, I'll be happy
Way too much pre-qualifying in your review for my taste, and not enough getting to the point. However i do appreciate the thoughtfulness.
I've always found it weird that people expect cgi to be flawless. Its fake, the movie is fake, the aliens are fake, marvel is fake. As long as it's not the Scorpion King levels of jank, just enjoy the clearly unrealistic things portrayed.
When are we getting a stuckman and John flick reunion
What did you rate it bozo
This film is utterly atrocious not sure what you watched
crystal skull gets too much hate  .
I loved the first three movies. I can still remember when the third one came out. We never thought there would be a third so it was pretty exciting and it turned out so good. I have no desire to see this movie. None at all. I’m sick of seeing all the heroes of my youth take a back seat to a lady to achieve some strange social goal of the Hollywood set.
We already know the review. It garbage! The end!
It would be nice to have an Indiana Jones movie that I don’t have to go into with the “lower your expectations and just have fun seeing Harrison Ford” mentality. Like, i’m not expecting Raiders level quality but is an all around good movie too much ask for? I don’t get how they keep mismanaging these major franchises so badly at Lucasfilm.
The brain dead idiot comments going “iT’s WoKe!” cover the exact thing stuckman is getting mad about in review culture.   He said the same thing in the review for no time to die.
you are so welcome Chris
The big problem of this movie has a name: Phoebe Waller-Bridge
Nuance worked well when there wasn’t a culture war raging between people who love stories, and the cultural revolutionaries that want to tear them down.
Level head and decent review. Earned a sub here man. I am very excited and expect something better than 4 but worse than 1-3 by a smaller margin and I am fine with that. Harrison is proud of it and that is enough for me. I liked KOTC and it was my first cinema outing with him so its special to me.
Great review, was definitely a little nervous about this one but it sounds like it will be a fun time regardless
boycott this crap. Heck even Harrison can't stand this movie he made!
Do you work for Disney now?
2 words to describe this: "WOKE SHIT"
But we also know if they cast Robert Pattison or some other star as Indy’s son in Crystal Skull he’s be in this movie right now. So we will see a replacement character and it will be an obvious Hollywood casted replacement co-Star. Gonna be very hard to forget that
We all say measure your expectations. But we all will get all happy when Harrison Ford is rocking that fedora
I'm more excited for Shelby Oaks than for Dial of Destiny. Indiana Jones had a perfect trilogy. I'll be ok if they'd just let a legend be a legend and let it rest in peace.
Noticeably a longer review then the normal video. As a long time viewer I’ve observed the longer the review the more time is spent trying to justify the existence of a terrible film.
You the best man the respect you have for the art is just amazing. 👊🏾
Good luck with Shelby Oaks. Really looking forward to it.
woke trash
I refuse to acknowledge the existence of crystal skull and I think I will do the same with this movie as well. There only ever were 3 Indiana Jones movies.
I saw it too and can tell you its the murder of the character and yes its worse than Cristal Skull.
the review we've all been waiting to see....Chris dressed up and played Indiana in a fan film for crying out loud 😅 iykyk
How you see it before its release date?
Doomcock was right.
as usual the best review there is. Mr Stuckmann i will go and see it !! . thank you.
Thank you for such a genuine, nuanced and thoughtful review…this is how movies should be discussed.
There are many ragging on this movie calling it woke or trash without even seeing it because they simply hate Disney. Many use Rotten Tomatoes and box office numbers to push a narrative.
If it looks more like Janusz Kamiński and less like Douglas Slocombe it's probably going to annoy me.  Everything I'm seeing in the trailers in terms of cinematography seems to point to the former.  Not sure if it's the color grading, use of artificial lighting and soundstages for what ought to be outdoor location shots, back-lit overexposure/bloom -- but it all looks and feels incredibly artificial.
I always hold Raiders as one of the best films ever made.  That film It is as good today as it was in 1981
I’ve never seen a movie review where the vignette of an anamorphic lens was listed as a positive.
Remember, this guy said the Last Jedi was a fantastic film 🤣🤣 The Diarrhea of Destiny ain't it
13th trending expected. 🔥 This review highly anticipated
2:32 the problem all you YT critics have are,  is that you're GOING TO A FUCKING MOVIE WITH A PEN AND PAPER. No wonder you don't enjoy movies when you're sitting think about what to write down rather than just enjoying what it has to offer
Why is this movie?
Slowly and surely you're turning into a shill. I understand that you need support to enter the industry but this is where my respect for your opinions ends. It was good while it lasted but it is what it is. Bye! Unsubscribed!
Faults not a problem. We all have them. De aging? I live in a world of de aging. The guy in front of me at Starbucks has dyed his beard a bizarre red brown that should only be used on furniture. The mannequins in Macy's windows never grow old. Women have been putting stuff all over their faces for centuries. Even I am now spotting these red areas on my face with Thinksport or Cover Girl, which I hide from my roommates. I have the perfect solution to take the edge off this new film. I'm.going to pop a couple Gabapentins beforehand. There goes psychological accumulation out the window.
4:50 sorry Chris, no matter how much you try to justify, at the end of the day, you either like the movie or you don’t.
I have a very strong feeling that you are fan girling too much here. I have no interest in seeing another deconstructed hero movie. They didn't have to ruin Indys life to pull one more adventure out of him
They missed a big opportunity to include Short Round / Ke Huy Quan in this film!
I didn’t even know this was being made
You use to be the best reviewer on youtube but every video is just now a plug, e-beg or pathetic commercial or pat on the back for your stupid film.  Keep to reviews
I agree Indy should have ended after crusade. But I don’t crystal skull deserves a lot of hate. I do agree it’s not as good as the first three and some of the decisions were questionable. I wouldn’t say it was Spielberg and Lucas r@&@ing Indiana Jones like that one South Park episode. At least that was done by the original duo but dial is not looking good.
I haven't seen it yet Chris,  but your review was so refreshing and uplifting in the face of all the terrible reviews out there.  Thanks for this Chris,  huge like.
So how much did Disney pay you for this half ass review?
Bad CGI in 2023 is unacceptable
So in order to enjoy this movie you have to set your expectations to the lowest level and "find your own" nostalgia. TBH this sounds more like apologetics instead of a review.
At least Kingdom left the character largely intact. He reconnected with his son, married the love of his life. As flawed as Kingdom was which alone damaged the franchise it felt like another conclusion albeit unnecessary. That makes Dial already seem even more unnecessary. I really hate the reports that have come out how it sounds like they made Indy a broken old man. And of course they would make PWB an insufferable girl boss. She has to say she is witty, intelligent, beautiful in the trailers. Marion never had to tell us her character traits we got that seeing her on screen. Indiana Jones should have ended with Last Crusade. Like how Back to the Future was a perfect trilogy. I don't want to see them screwing with Back to the Future next either.
You're still drinking the Kool-Aid, Chris.
I am excited to see Indiana dawn the hat and whip one more time, I’m just hopeful that the Phoebes role isn’t the overly strong female role that makes Harrison Ford now feel like the dumb weak male like so many new movies. The reviews are all over the place and Chris’s review gives me hope!
You are still drinking the Kool-Aid., Shill.
This guy loves everything he is reviewing
Chris is the only critic I’ve heard so far say that Phoebe Waller-Bridge is good in this film.  What happened to Chris? I used to love watching his takes, but over the past couple years, I feel he’s less inclined to be critical of big budget films. Guess he doesn’t want to piss off Hollywood.
I trust Mangold
Does your film not have a producer ??
A lot of people forget "Temple of Doom" was widely panned by critic's back in the day.
I always felt like Indy should've been a continuous franchise like Bond, same continuity but a recast every generation, failing that a reboot. This whole thing with trying to do sequels to the original trilogy, long after Ford has aged out of the role has really hamstrung it
Thanks for your honesty, but better than Crystal Skull I m afraid means little as that movie was sooo awful. I will wait for streaming but thanks again for sharing.
I generally 95% agree with your reviews.   I like to make my own judgment and not base it on criticisms from people who either have not seen yet the movie they criticize, or because the main purpose of their YouTube ego is just to be negative showing their power of life and death.   Your review much more subtle with the proper nuances. In any case, I originally intended to see it, and you confort me to do it that way.
I disagree like you chris indy 4 should end
When I seen reviews on the Skull one I decided not to watch it ever so my Indiana experience would never be tainted and I'll be skipping this one also. For me the series ended years ago and what they have done to this character is absolutely disgraceful. People will always try to spin them so they feel better about how bad things have become and to me that's cope. Love your reviews buy sometimes I think you try too much to spin things to make them seem better than they actually are and this one is one of them. This Green woman ruins everything so I'm having a hard time with she's actually very good here line. Hard pass for me and again disney turning things we love into piles of crap. Hollywood in general needs to stop milking IP we loved and affected generations the sheer lack of original ideas is killing the film industry. Your lucky to get a couple good movies every year. I use to spend hundreds on blu ray or now 4k and now I find myself skipping almost everything. It's sad and hope they can just start making good movies again.
So in conclusion, he liked it, it's certainly not a classic, it's good, but not great. 😂
I hope that you and your family get to good terms some days if you have not already.
Get on with the review we don’t need to hear your whole backstory
Indy is now an old men and is sort of humiliated by Phoebe's character who (again ) is better  in being Indy than Indy himself ( where did we see that plot before huh )  . Is that the sort of indiana jones film we want to see ?   no
I can't remember if Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade or the movie Batman staring Michael Keaton  came out first. But these 2 movies had so many commercials and so much advertising, that I thought all movies were like this. Lol. Seriously they had a huge advertising budget and with Indiana Jones having the He Chose Wisely, as he picked up a Diet Pepsi I think. I think that Batman was with Coke or Dr. Pepper. It's been so long I can't remember what the soft drink was at the time. I watched both movies with my mom and we both loved them. You had Sean Connery playing Indiana's dad and the 1 and only Jack Nicholson playing The Joker. Both movies were great in their own ways and hard for me to choose which one of them was the best. Now I can say that I haven't ever seen a build up like those 2 movies had since.      Now when Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull came out, I was all over it and wanted to watch it so bad. Then after the movie was over, I didn't know what to think. I know a lot of people hated it and I was still on the fence about it. I can tell you my wife hated it and she made it very clear when I said, hey baby you wanted to go back to the movies? She replied as long as it's a better movie than that P.O.C movie you made me watch last time. I had to tell her that I wanted to go watch it again and she said nope, I'd rather stay home and shove needles in my eyes then watch it again. She even threatened to shoot me when we walked I to Wal Mart and wanted to buy it on DVD. Lol.     I really hope that this movie is better than the quick cash grab they did last time.
Plus the young Indy is a younger stunt actor, with a de-aged Harrison Ford face imposed on
Mutt dies in Vietnam-wtf What a way to completely shoehorn a character out of a film unseen
Really strange to me that a studio can't just recast a roll to keep the franchise going if they feel it has teeth still. They ever hear of James Bond? Been going since the 60's but somehow he's roughly the same age. Kind of like how comic books or serials, a series, or a franchise works. The character stays the same but the world changes and how they maintain is what keeps them fresh as culture changes - not the character. Indiana could have stayed in a early 1900s setting forever and would have been fine. But what do I know? I'm just a fan.
No one cares what an old azz man thinks! When I was 10 years old, I didnt listen to the views of a 40 year old man. I just liked what I liked. 40 plus year olds reviewing children's film is hilarious.
Oh no!! Don’t tell us she takes the hat and whip!!😮
As a fellow Indiana Jones fan, I'm actually surprised that you had almost nothing but nice things to say about this woke POS movie that dishonors the legacy of this beloved franchise far more than The Kingdom of The Crystal Skull ever could & that film was awful!  Either you love this franchise so much that you refuse to acknowledge crap when you see it, you're still drunk on the Koolaid, or you've sold out your true integrity & objectionablism as a screen critic in order to curry favor with the current Hollywoke elitist agenda so you will continue getting free tickets & swag bags if you  continue providing at least a near-glowing review! I never thought I'd ever see the day where you'd actually sell out to Hollywoke, Chris, especially with your cherished Indiana Jones of all things!  I subscribed to your reviews for years, but no more! I know financial times are tough, with inflation, the crappy economy, etc., but don't sell your integrity as a film critic so you don't have to pay for the ticket to review the movies, esp. for the franchised you claim to loved that now got butchered by a Kathleen Kennedy led crusade to destroy the Lucas Film heroes we grew up with & came to know & love. Chris, you saw a pile of crap for an Indiana Jones movie, & you're either in denial or you've become a sellout; either way, you suck!
This dude must be drinking bud light and keeping up with ESG scores too. Shame
Sad to see you pushing this turd film on the public. I'm Not seeing it. I'd rather burn my money then see another Woke Hollywood film, that's not good and bashes on old white men. No thanks.
The last crusade was definitely the worst in the series.
Yes Chris, you are indeed drinking the Kool-Aid.
I'm glad you enjoyed it. It gives me some hope. Indiana Jones has meant so much to me growing up, and still does. Also at least from the trailers, the de-aging looks absolutely phenomenal
this review brought to you by someone who hopes to work for disney
the film is awful
I'm really looking forward to the release of your film. Indy is my film character of all time and this movie looks horrible, maybe it's better than crystal skull but that's not saying much. Disney is pure evil for what they have done to every franchise and character they now own. While I'm sure it won't happen I would love to see Disney go out of business, I haven't enjoyed anything they've done in many years and think they have become an evil company.
Really need 17 minutes to review this tripe… my initial review… “it sucks”. 😂😊😅
The thing about the Indiana Jones sequels is that they are never gonna be as good as Raiders or Last Crusade. Temple of Doom despite it being my least favorite of the series I still find enjoyment out of it. Crystal Skull, I also enjoyed despite its flaws. I’m sure I’ll find some enjoyment out of Dial of Destiny when it comes out. Besides, this is the final time he’ll play Indiana Jones on film.
I think it looks like it can be fun. I predict when I watch I will feel the same. It's good not great. But for me it doesn't need to be great cause we already have great indy movies. I think the reviews and the drama with this movie has been over reactive
The wolverine was absolutely awful:(
Hated Logan, how does a Director think we won’t question why.” All these bad ass Mutant kids do absolutely nothing to help Logan” until he’s dead.  Stupid film.  Well the end sucks 😂
Let me guess…your issue with the movie is the forced shoehorned woke elements???
Why can't we let things die!?!   :'(
Love the shirt
I think this review confirms what I've felt like for a while with this movie, being that I'm probably going to like it almost no matter what. My expectations are just that as long as it's better than the series' lowest points, I'll be happy, which this review confirms is a bar it clears. Just based on the trailer, it looks like it's got some time travel shenanigans, which I pretty much love unconditionally.  I might walk out disappointed with a couple elements at worst, but I don't think there's a scenario where I walk out feeling creatively violated like I did after TROS. If me and Chris Stuckmann end up being the only two fans that fuck with Dial of Destiny, I can be on board with that.
Mangold is a very versatile director, but he didn't make only . His X-Men is bad, Logan is great... Kate & Leopold is awful, 3:10 is one of the best westerns every made imo... Ford v Ferrari is the opposite of Knight & Day... but hey, overall, the man is very competent. I'm just saying he's no guarantee at all. Jason Bourne IS a bad movie. It's not a question of not comparing it to the original trilogy, it's just flat out bad, some writing choices are awful, Alicia Vikander has the charisma of a subway sandwich, even Greengrass fucked up many fight scenes.
sympathy review…  plead to fans to lean on nostalgia to feed the disney economy even though the film stinks. smh
If its anything close to Crystal Skull, its absolute garbage. Dr. Jones ended with Last Crusade.
yeah but its ruined by having wally bridge in it, its unwatchable for me
If you already realize there are major flaws with the movie… I don’t think this one will hold up much better
Let's not beat about the bush here, Chris. This movie is a piece of shit.
I am ok with unperfected technical aspects showing up in movies. While some are certainly justified in finding something like imperfections in de-aging to be problematic, it’s something that I can look past, depending of course on the sufficiency of the story.  I would rather someone put in their vision and then, as technology improves, they can re-edit those scenes to input new technology. I’m very much hoping they do this with something like Leia from Rogue One. I’m happy they put it in. And I’m happy that they now have the opportunity to complete their vision by simply editing the original version to include updated technology.
All the usual far right, misogynist, racist  Fandom Menace youtubers have already decided the film stinks, without even seeing it. Pathetic and shameful (or should that be shamless) as always.
I’ve heard another review with the reviewer having similar thoughts as you do about the film. It almost sounds to me as if you are trying to convince yourself that this is a good film. It’s really unfortunate because there are any number of ways a better film could have been made. Personally I would like a recast with a younger actor. I must say though if this wasn’t going to be considerably better than KOTCS it should not have been made
They missed the god of all opportunities to bring the actor for short round back. Have shortround be Indiana’s prodigy, not this new daughter character nobody knows about.
Shill
Indiana Jones 5 is definitely one of the movies ever made.
let me guess? your favorite film is the last jedi? aint it?
I still stand that Indy should be America’s Bond, and the hat should be passed after this movie. This is coming from a guy who’s favorite actor is Ford
How can you be so philosophical about a so-so entry in your FAVOURITE film series?
Nice review, thanks. If it's better than 4 I'll take it. :)
I'm glad you liked it, but unfortunately, I don't watch Disney films.
Dial of destiny is not worth my money. I'll save it for Mission Impossible 7.
3:10 to Yuma is so damn good
It seems some you tubers are really going out of their way to find good in this movie.....
My favorite movie is Indiana Jones meets the Human Centipede!
Ive seen the movie dudes Phoebe is god awful annoying in it
Seriously your biggest gripe wasnt the god awful phoebe waller bridge know it all and how indy became her little bitch  This movie is god awful. I stopped taking you seriously a long time ago
Chris we filmmakers and film buffs have a different eye than the regular audience so we are subconciously going to notice dodgy VFX etc But in this case of course we know it's deaging as the majority of us all are aware Harrison Ford is an old man today. That aside, the deaging is hands down the best I have ever seen, it baffles me this is a critism from you. There is a difference between knowing it's CGI because the CGI is bad and knowing it's CGI cos we know the actor is old now. You need to put that aside and critise the CGI/Deaging on how it looks and I believe anyone can see that it's probably the best it's ever been done and I think that's because it's a mix of deep fake tech too. The body movements matching the younger face is a different debate but I believe now we are living in a fllm-making world where they can bring back any actor/actress now dead or alive with how good the deaging and deep fake tech is and personally I'm not looking forward to that. It's a gift and a curse if you get me. Keep up the good work.
I can’t take your ‚reviews‘ seriously any longer
Great review! (Now I just need to hear what Kermode and Mayo, and the RLM guys think...)
Do you remember one Simpsons episode where Homer becomes a food critic and likes everything and the whole town gets fat. That’s what Chris has become, not that I want him to trash on films unjustly but a bit of constructive criticism would be welcome. Maybe he just doesn’t want to rock the boat now he’s breaking into movie making and doesn’t want to burn any potential bridges.
Mads is pronounced "mess"
Couldn't help but wonder, for the first time in my life, during this interview - is the PlayStation logo a snake?
Find Harrison wielding that whip.
First Problem: Mikkelsen is the permanent villain in ALL movies. Second Problem: All movies now MUST have a young girl in key role cause diversity etc
I have been following you for years now and I have been a true fan of yours. I have to say however that since you got into movie production yourself, your reviews for movies have become, let's just say..more friendly towards the movie production team than as a fan. A bit let down for me but what to do, it is what it is as you have decided to divert into that direction I guess. All the best dude. By the way, I managed to see it also and I have to disagree with you on this. I an also a fan of Mangold and he disappoints here but I can see where he had to pander to the upper lot. . Jhon Williams is a true gift for American cinema,
If it makes you feel any better, Vince Gilligan agrees with you. This is precisely the reason he didn't do deaging at the end of better call Saul.
Raiders of the Lost Arc and Last Crusade are among my favourite adventure movies in general and funnily enough every time I see them I am reminded just how good they are. I am a big fan of history and a bit pulpy adventure and these movies pretty much perfectly encapsulates what makes me love it so much.
That's actually not true to paint the criticism of Phoebe Waller-Bridge's character as unfounded from people who haven't seen the film. Two of the first reviews out of Cannes were from the BBC (heard of that outlet?) and IGN who both criticized her patronizing character and the treatment of Jones in this film and her role in it. They weren't the only outlets either, just the first two prominent ones.   I obviously haven't seen the film but those are two outlets who aren't going to go out of their way to make that kind of assertion without some pretty serious validation.
What's the point of a review channel where you need a cryptography machine to decipher between the lines what the reviewer really thinks? We all know full well he's not willing to say anything too negative. You need to interpret "don't go in with high expectations" = "this sucked".
Ebert is still the king
When I was 11 years old and videotaping Raiders of the Lost Ark off the TV on Christmas Day, I never imagined they’d still be making these movies when I was a grown man with an eleven year old of my own. I hope they’ve done it justice. Mangold is an outstanding director, I hope it’s good.
This movie is garbage. The first part of the movie is nostalgia bait and the rest is the switch to Kathleen Kennedy’s vision of Female characters taking over male Franchises.
My biggest issue wt this movie and crystal skull for that matter , is they didn’t need to exist.  Why do this to Indy ? It’s like everything from my childhood has been is will be ruined.
Chris where's your extraction 2 review
Do we see the three Apollo 11 astronauts in the parade, in detail? Are they actor or deep fakes?
Chris, I understand why you feel awkward asking for help, but this is a dream for you man. And we want to see this dream become reality. So helping you with this is so satisfying. It's support from people who love you, nothing awkward about it brother. I was on board from day 1. I want to see this movie lol. I'm an aspiring writer, I can only imagine the feeling I'd have if something I wrote had a chance to be something great LMAO. That alone would blow me away. I can only imagine how you feel about making a movie haha. That task is so much more daunting lol.
I knew that It wasn't as bad as they made up to be. Never been disappointed in anything Mr. Mangold made so far.
Refreshing to hear a more positive review than many on here.
If it’s “just not great Indiana Jones movie”, than it’s unnecessary movie, and should be addressed as that, Chris.
Chris seems like  a really nice guy but his Reviews are so freggin Milktoast. Always feels like "This movie is not that good.......7/10"
4:50 this is a great point, film criticism - both profession and from audiences - has become SO tribal that nuance is practically boo'd off the stage, let alone even considered. It really is a shame. I wish we could go back to before this was the case, but then I'm reminded that with exception of some truly great reviewers like Ebert, it was kind of NEVER the case...
I'm going to celebrate when Kathleen Kennedy needs an oncologist at stage 4.
maybe im too naif, but i dont remember being dissapointed watching Crystall Skull .... why are they bad again ?
I always thought the Indiana Jones franchise would be great for the James Bond format, as in a fresh actor every couple of movies. There are just so many stories you can tell with this character.
They should have treated Indiana Jones like James Bond, and let different action actors from different era playing the character, and tell a different style tailored to those actors.
Wonderful to listen to an unbiased review. 👍👍
I saw indiana jones 1 and it is good movie
Great review Chris, I really appreciate a YouTube movie review channel that can nicely convey their thoughts and feeling on a film in a very expressive way, without once wandering into any sort of spoilery territory.
Can we appreciate how they tried their best to make this amazing video for us
Febbie Wallace  and the dial of the narcissistic feminists  Is a hell of alot worse that crystal  skull  Even worse that SHEHULK  and RINGS OF POWER   If you want Kathleen Kennedy  shoving woke and identity politics  down your throat  Go ahead
I will never watch any more Disney garbage.
Are we going to hear about Shelby Oaks every video now ? And you have 2.03 Million subscribers so you are getting a pretty good amount of money from YouTube so why can't you pay for the extra special effects yourself instead of asking your subscribers to give money for the shots you need ?
Thanks for another sincere and level headed review Chris
the thing about being old is that you dont have to sit in a recliner,,,, but no one blinks if u do!!!!
I know Chris is trying to spread positivity, saying only good things, 'cause he knows how hard the actual craft is. But I cannot help but feel that all reviews lost a spark. "Overall everythings is good, theres no bad movies, has some issues" - its such a "safe zone" response. Is that really what you think, what you feel? It seems like im whatching the same review over and over again. Mb all your passion goes to the Shelby Oaks rn - if so, cant wait to see it.
will the blu-rays be available in region b?
Spoiler: it was all a dream
By the way does anybody love Chris's Pride shirt?
My father only had three box set movies on the Shelf Bruce Lee Rocky and the Indiana Jones trilogy
The female lead should have been named Diana Jones. That would make more sense for future movies "In Diana Jones".
Is your old fan film available?
F*ck this crap. Won't watch it.
Unfortunately since Chris himself is now in the industry and wants to get his stuff greenlit we don't get an objective review from him anymore 😢
Keen to see it, always grateful for your rational and reasonable analysis and review Chris.
Not watching, never will.
I’m a sympathizer of indy 4 but I was also like 13 when it came out and I just think it’s amazing they made another because making the fourth already seemed crazy so I’m going into this movie with a lot of optimism
I love watching your reviews bro and I’ll always be a fan. I would’ve rather you not done this review tbh.
Wait, this movie is already released? Didn't even know
Kingdom of The Crystal skull will always be my fav since it was the only Indy movie I saw in theatres as a kid, never understood the criticism behind it. Temple of Doom is my second fav, so going off those two points; considering people hate those two, I'll probably enjoy this one more than most as well.
I think all the comments missed his whole point
Destiny is Indiana Jones's nurse?
Kingdom of the crystal skull is the Chinese democracy of film
You're so artificial & buzz wordy now....guess thats what happens when you enter the industry as a filmmaker........  Also this is from john flickinger for stealing his quote and not creditting him in a previous video 🖕
I haven't heard anything about the movie. What are people's comments about Phoebe Waller Bridge? I don't know her from a lot of stuff, but she seems very funny in general.
Did Kathleen Kennedy pay you to give a semi-positive review?
Honestly you are full of s*** because can't be honest to say that the problem is Phoebe waller-bridge
😖😒🙄🤬🤨
Stuckman you are the best used car salesman movie reviewer eva ..but I know your game & also who pays the bills at your place.....cheers
Disney are losing so much money right now, because they only care about pandering to the woke blue-haired freaks. Indiana Jones and the Insufferable Feminist needs to die a painful death.
I love your reviews.. but your review here seems to be I love Indiana jones, I love the craftsman’s ship, I love the directors other work… but you seem to be reviewing its parts not the whole.  Plus it sounds like a redo of #4.  I’ll still go hoping for the best but at this point I’m expecting very little.
To keep myself from being disappointed in films that leak early.. I try to look at them like an AEW show. If you have the Young Bucks booked mid show, the rest will just be okay. And that’s okay.
I really enjoyed the first 30 minutes worth a ticket 🎟 if grew up with Indy adventures
The most overrated movie ever made, Temple of Doom, is climbing the ranks of Indy movies with every new installment.
i will ofc see this movie just for Harrison Ford but the trailer or released clip pushing the strong woman feminism bit is off putting, Ripley and Sarah Connor weren't self proclaiming, it's an embarrassment to women and Hollywood, it only portrays insecurity
This video review has been brought to you by Disney
As a OG Shia LaBeouf fan, me and my dozens of club members will be boycotting this movie. Thank you very much.
Some of the best de-aging in any modern movie was Nick Fury in Captain Marvel. Fucking incredible. Probably one of the only truly great things about that movie.
Why are you bringing up your mom? I thought you turned your back on your family.
Hey Chris please change your intro theme to something more pleasant
I’ve noticed that since you’ve been making your movie, you have this whole other level of insight on how to talk about movies in depth. It’s really inspirational how i thought you were at your peak, but have only gotten better.
Can't wait to see this movie, this might be another classic.
Sorry Chris, but you drank the dial of destiny kool-aid
You are spot on with Mangold being criminally underrated. He is as good as the two golden boys that receive all the media coverage these days, i don't even have to mention their names because they are everywhere.  They deserve it of course but so does JM
I have been saying this everywhere. My dad worked for Paramount pictures and he was let go when the studio was going down hill. Right when they sold the rights to Indiana Jones and Marvel. Glad he did so I take pride in the original trilogy and Marvel before Disney fudged it up.
So...Leaving Mutt to die a horrible death in Vietnam was not "worse" for you than Indy 4? I can't think of a bigger insult to Lucas or the audience than *killing Indy's son* . I think you need to re-evaluate this movie, it is pure cancer.
I've gone out of my way to avoid spoilers and I basically told myself that whether it's better or worse than Crystal Skull, this is Harrison Ford's last time playing Indiana Jones, so I'm just going to sit back in my seat and enjoy a nice action fillm with my family. Like you Chris, I've watched the Trilogy for as long as I can remember and enjoyed the heck out of seeing  Crystal Skull in theaters (I was 12 so I didn't know any better lol). This series has meant so much to me, and I sincerely hope it ends well ❤
As film not out till June 30 how's Chris  reviewing  it  early is Disney doing y tube reviews only screening to get them to hype film
I don't get why people hate Crystal Skull, it's really good
As more people get a chance to weigh in on media, the comments that rise to eye level will be less verbally sophisticated and less wordsmithy - but they aren't less fundamental or less resonant. I'd bet that for all Ebert's sophistication and beautiful articulation, his reviews wouldn't land with a real sample of every north-american the same way a clever tweet or meme would now. The cost of democratizing social participation is that the median expression isn't that of an artist, but of an everyday-person just bein' themselves. But! Don't mistake that for social decline. It's a fundamental change in who gets a say in favour of what actually resonates with most people.
Take a swig everytime Chris says "Crystal Skull".
Where was Mutt?
Nobody’s going to want to see a Helena solo movie. RIP Lucasfilm
Spoiler: Indiana Jones stayed behind @ N4zi Germany.
Ford looks like Freddy Krueger at this point. Why do they keep bothering an old man?
I have been watching Chris reviews for years. I do share most of his taste in movies so I came to trust him! This trust is NOT going anywhere simply because he’s now an aspiring director and is a bit more careful in his reviews. If you want shock value or a basic black or white rating, go somewhere else! For my part, I will still remain Stuckmannized!
It's got a girl boss in it and that's all that matters in 2023.
is it woke?
I absolutely loved it. I wasn't expecting it to equal the first three films, as nothing could. But it blew "Crystal Skull" out of the water, IMO. I can't wait to see it again on the 30th and plan to see it many times. I had a huge grin on my face during the entire thing. As a lifelong Indy fan (obsessive, really), it filled almost every wish I could have had for a last Indy film. It was probably the most fun I've had in a theater in a decade.
You lousy sellout.
Hahahaha bruh the review comes down to "Try to enjoy the nostalgia bits" ? Weak weak weak, this movie sucks and its a complete disregard to the legacy the previous movies built up to showboat for a new character no one cares about
From what I heard about DoD....it sounds like Crystal Skull is the better movie.
I can't stand phoebe waller bridge in anything she's in. She is insufferable and unlikable and not attractive at all to make up for it. I won't be seeing it because of her.
Corridor  crew?
Yeah bro, the original trilogy is the best! Temple Of Doom is my all time favorite Indiana Jones movie!
Thanks
I’ll pass on seeing an insufferable feminist leading around a geriatric Indy.
MEDIOCRE
So its a film thats going to be forgotten in a few years
Harrison Ford is not a good actor.
An overuse of CGI is killing a lot of movies these days. The video game look takes you completely out of it. Nothing will ever beat real life stunts and practical effects.
Can also confirm that this film was very enjoyable❤
Ok you're either on fentanyl or pandering atm. I'm going with the pandering. You stooped low here bud.
"Don't expect a classic"  - Chris Stuckman  Why make the dang movie Chris?!?
How much money does Ford need? Hollywood is bankrupt, sequel and funny books, no more original thoughts.
shills got to shill after all
Strong female belittles Indy....do we expect anything different from Kathleen Kennedy. They even had to kill his son just to make sure
I think the Bourne comparison is a pointed one.  Especially since both Last Crusade and Bourne Ultimatum had perfect endings which clearly signal that the story has concluded.
My dude, wrap up Shelby Oaks!! It’s an Indy film, no one’s expecting an absurd salary.
I feel like you are “doing that” with Dial
Is it just me or is this one of your longest reviews in a while. This is one of my favorite movie franchises. Can't wait to see it!
Thanks for a great review once again, balanced, insightful and useful as a movie goer. It is my favourite movie series and I am glad to hear it is going to be fun and exciting. Good luck with your movie.
James Mangold is one of the best directors working right now. He hasn't missed a beat in my opinion. Looking forward to seeing Shelby Oaks btw.
This is just a movie that isn't for me so I shan't be watching it.
so let me try to fathom this your most anticipated movie was a geriatric barely alive 70 year old doing stunts in the streets like hes 22 and you built high expecations for this film?
I just can’t do it, and Siskle and ebert were very critical of some great movies, always enjoyed watching them anyways , I’m gonna pass on the new Indy movie
Who will review Shelby Oaks?
I'm just hoping for a fun time at the movies with Dial of Destiny. Some good action, some good character work and some good storytelling. My expectations are just for a fun movie. That's probably what I'll end up getting when I see it in a few weeks. All I can really ask for :)
John Williams is a legend.
Nuance is extremely important in film criticism.
Id like a chris pratt playing indis son like a the laat crusade with connery
A very nuanced and thoughtful review. Thank you for being one of the only YouTube film critics who isn't an insufferable jackass.
Indy film review within an Indy film plug. Mind blown. 😮
This is not Indiana Jones.  This is Kennediana Jones
Oh WOW, that director did Ford v Ferrari?!  I just watched that a few nights ago, and LOVED it.  And I don't even care about auto racing.
I love the original trilogy. The last crusade is one of my favorite movies. I hope they don’t waste the amazing talents of Mads Mikkelson. He is one of my favorite actors who is great at playing villains.
would love to see your review of Cop Land
It would be cool if they compensated for an action hero aging, by having that hero lean on his wits a bit more, outsmarting and outmaneuvering the baddies with brains when physical limitations are met.
The best visual effects are the ones that add to, not take away or distract from the story. Jurassic Park has a giant t-rex that is amazing and not subtle :)
De-aging is just one of those things that will probably soon be perfect, but on a face you KNOW, like Ford, you will still clock it. I never was an Indiana Jones guy, don't know why (age wise I SHOULD be). Crystal Skull was the first one I saw in theaters and I just was befuddled. It wasn't bad as much as it was just so goofy.  This looks fun. Which is all I'd want.  I think you talking about how it shaped you for so long is the same barrier all new Star Wars things fight with people of a certain age. Solo I think was a "fun" movie, but Han Solo had loved in a millions of people's imaginations for decades, so HOW can anyone meet all those varied expectations? You bringing that up points to why I watch your channel, I think.
Sooo ... go in with low expectations - I got that from the trailer myself. For each of the Indiana Jones movies, I always ask how familiar the audience is with the "object" everyone is racing after, and why Indy begins his quest - which was usually "Fortune and Glory Kid"... The Ark of the Covenant, The Shankara Stones, and The Holy Grail all fit very well ... the Crystal Skulls - mmm? It's one of those "He was pulled into it plots", and now the Dial of Destiny ... also seems to be scripted along those same lines. But - hell, I've got my fedora and I'll be seated there to cheer along with that theme song!
I was looking for this guy to review The Blackening.
FYI, I love "Temple of Doom" saw it in Grumman Chinese Theater, a great memory.
Good review Chris, thanks.
I wasn't going to see it but based on your review, I'm going.
When Chris fanboys... he surely does.
I heard this movie is absolutely awful in a spoiler video
That’s the problem with non spoiler reviews, it’s not a proper review!
The bad idea is that they made this movie.
Kathleen Kennedy just trying to do another Luke and Rey with feminist bird lady and Indy no thanks Disney can gft.
They had the perfect ending, I wish they would have never made it more than a trilogy.
I know you feel weird about it but watching the progress of you being able to create your own film has been one of the most fascinating things I’ve ever seen. Having been watching your channel since I was in eighth grade (almost 26 now) seeing you have the opportunity to do this is unbelievably inspiring. And I’m so excited to see what you made, what a lot of people that watch your channel helped make, we all are.
I think that Chris' love for IJ maybe affecting his judgment.
I don’t have much interest in this one, Crystal Skull wasn’t very good. I love the classic films especially the first one.
The line of dialogue about capitalism in the trailer is all I need to know that this film will be forgettable. Oh and the CGI sailer in the parade.
So the critics are wrong?
One of the most well done reviews I ever heard thank you Chris!
the ruin of the (male) legacy character
Induana Jones movies prompted you to filmmaking. It prompted me to become an archeologist, so yeah, loving the trilogy is an understatement to me.
How bad did Indy get fucked over to push phoebe?
Chris, I used to trust your reviews, but lately your quest to be a filmmaker seems a little like you’re shilling with this review, here is why I say this. You clearly love the character of Indiana Jones, I like you have been inspired and entertained by this movie series, that being said why are you ok with Lucasfilm denigrating,  negating and emasculating said characters, examples see Han, Luke, Vader, Obi wan, now Jones-all which is clear as a corporate agenda for these legacy character to be cucked by a op female insert character. And as a film goes the overuse of cgi, horrible writing-see Helena telling us how awesome she is in tuk tuk chase not showing us is clearly a problem, as well as killing established legacy characters to move the plot forward rather than just give us another serialized episode is completely not in keeping with Spielbergs Lucas vision. Confused by your review but respectfully disagree and wish you the best with Shelbyoaks. From a former filmmaker.
DOESNT NAME A SINGLE ISSUE WITH THIS FILM. SHILLING MF
All these scenes of PWB in the trailer are terrible. They made sure that this character comes across as overconfident and plugged-in with no sense of danger for the situation she is just in.  That just sucks. Tension is not built/held up that way.
My mom is kind of the same when it comes to movies. She watches the ones she knows and loves, but she always asks me questions on them. Film criticism doesn't really interest her and when i go to the movie theater often, she tells me "You just went to the movies!" I love watching films.  When we watch movies together, its something we can bond over. Any kid who grew up with a love of films given by watching them with their parents understands the feeling. Anyways I'm excited for Dial of Destiny, next to SpiderMan, Indiana Jones has been one of the coolest heroes in film to me. I love all of these movies, even Crystal Skull I can be entertained by.  When the Raider's march plays one final time...knowing this is Mr. Williams swan song to film composure before he retires, I might be sobbing.  Also Thank you Mr. Ford for playing this character for so long.
Good review! I share much of your opinion regarding the obsession with de-aging. I personally don't care if the masking isn't perfect. It's the price we pay for getting to see our favorite, but aging performers reprise their roles in flashbacks, prologues, or continuing stories. Your review may change my mind about _not_ going to see this at the theater, or pay a premium for early VOD. However, I'm going to watch your other IJ5 videos before changing my current stance.
It sounds like you are doing mental gymnastics to not give a negative review of this movie….
I believe Chris is one of the most honest reviewers right now. If he likes something he will say it. If he doesn't, he will say so.
I hope for another trilogy after this one. With that British chick and Shia LaBouff carrying a skeleton with a brown leather jacket and adventure hat.
Stuckmann is a great film fan but he’s too afraid of criticizing woke trash
I agree with you on Crystal Skull. It had its strong moments, particularly in the first act or so. But just went downhill from there. The original trilogy for me is near perfection.  I’m really looking forward to seeing Dial of Destiny. I’m definitely seeing it opening day.
I’m hoping the implication, isn’t that Helena ends up being a villain.  I also think that, had Alden Ehrenreich appeared as young Indy in the film, people would’ve accepted it.
Lets just take a moment to appreciate Harrison Ford stepping into this role again at his age. Not many actors have ever reprised a role for this long (if any??)... what a terrific actor and career. Not seen the movie yet but this review has definitely made me excited to see it!
so is it worth paying 15 bucks or not?
Do you know why Back to the Future is so iconic? Because they knew when to stop.
Am I the only one who thinks Chris has gone a but soft on his criticism of movies? This movies is a shitty show from beginning to end.
I really appreciate your reviews, and you're a lot of the reason I'll go out and give new movies a go.
The biggest issue with the Indiana Jones franchise post-Last Crusade is CGI. And that goes for the majority of big Hollywood blockbusters. I'm not saying CGI is bad- it can be done well and tastefully. But there's too much of a reliance on it to where suspension of disbelief is thrown completely out the window. And it goes all the way back to the writing- if "anything can be done" on film, then anything and everything is thrown into the script without a second thought of how they'll pull it off.
Boycott Disney and Target
When you expect the worse anything will seem better....which is unfortunate given the incredible reputation of the franchise...why did we come to the movie with such low expectations?
I do really love how positive Chris is in this review, as ever, how it feels like his honest thoughts about what works/what doesn't with this movie, as he is a huge Indiana Jones fan so there's a built in sense of wanting to enjoy it, but let's see what the internet at large makes of this film, I feel they'll be less forgiving, but this'll be another example of forming one's own opinion and not just going along with what the crowd thinks
I liked Crystal Skull, did not think it was bad at all. I am definately watching dial of destiney
I wish I had your passion.  I thought I found what I wanted to do a handful times, gave until I had nothing to give anymore and now, I’m out of time.  So disappointed how things turned out.  I wish you the success you seek.
My Favorite Movie Franchises Ever 1. Back To The Future 2. Indiana Jones 3. Marvel Cinematic Universe 4. Star Wars 5. The Godfather 🐐 6. X-Men 7. Batman 8. Spider-Man  9. Mission: Impossible  10. James Bond  Honorable mentions The Lord of the Rings (TRoP ruined it)  Monster-Verse Predator Bill & Ted Harold & Kumar  Dumb & Dumber Beavis & Butt-Head  Austin Powers  Naked Gun  Wayne's World  Cheech & Chong   I'm aware of some major omissions like Star Trek and Harry Potter. Or the oldest one, Godzilla. Or even Die Hard, Lethal Weapon, Alien, Toy Story, or other animated franchises like Shrek, The Incredibles, and Kung-Fu Panda. I've never seen all of them or any of the old Superman movies with Christopher Reeve. I actually have all these movies stored in my 2 TB external hard drive but never have time to watch them.   I think MCU Phase 3 from 2016-2019 with 11 films might be the greatest run any franchise ever had. MCU's batting average was off the charts with the only stinker to me being Captain Marvel. It had heavyweights like Civil War, Infinity War, and Endgame. Then two Spider-Man films, Doctor Strange, GotG Vol. 2, Ragnarok, Black Panther, and Ant-Man and the Wasp.   Then Phase 4 ruined it. The decline in quality was drastic. I'm talking a freefall. I know it's hard to write great movies or TV shows for a long time. The quality will eventually degrade as time goes by. We can't expect it to be always great forever. But man, what a freefall! From Endgame to twerking in She-Hulk?   Ones that have consistently disappointed -  Terminator (🤦🏻‍♂️ after T2)  Transformers Pirates of the Carribean Fast & Furious (I only like 5 & 7)  I'm not into horror films but my previous girlfriends were into them and I have seen a few Friday the 13th and Nightmare on Elm Street films. My fav is actually Freddy vs. Jason. Never seen one Halloween film. Seen Child's Play 1 & 2 but don't remember much from them. Only recently saw Jaws last year. Not the biggest Ghostbusters fan but did enjoy Afterlife enough. Not much of a TMNT fan any more but was diehard for them from 1989-1991.   Don't have much recollection of the Problem Child movies starring John Ritter. Remember those? Stay Tuned (1992) was great though just like Don't Tell Mom The Babysitter Is Dead (1991) and If Looks Could Kill (1991). I have every Jackie Chan movie from the 70s through 90s. Every Bruce Lee film which are only 4 he completed that he starred in not including the many ones he did in Hong Kong since he was a child.   I have thousands of movies + access to many more on Netflix and Tubi which has oddball ones like Ed And His Dead Mother (1993) and The Love Witch (2016) which I've thoroughly enjoyed. So many franchises to list like Friday, Rush Hour (I hear they're making 4 just like for Beverly Hills Cop), and the endless Disney films (as animated or live-action). So many to watch, so little time. Maybe it's because Skip Bayless and Stephen A. Smith kills most of my time in the mornings? I love sports debates.   Favorites Non-Franchise Films (no prequels/sequels)  1. Maverick (1994) 2. Once Upon A Time... In Hollywood (2019) 3. The Big Lebowski (1998) 4. Air (2023)  5. Elvis (2022)  6. Casino (1995) 7. Goodfellas (1990) 8. Let It Ride (1989) 9. Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (1988) 10. Dazed And Confused (1993)  Honorable mentions The Shawshank Redemption (1994)  Jojo Rabbit (2019) Some Like It Hot (1959) Kingpin (1996) Easy A (2010)  Fanboys (2009)  8-Bit Christmas (2021)  I'm aware Maverick is a film based from the late-50s TV Western comedy with James Garner. And Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a remake of Bedtime Story (1964). And had a modern remake with Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson called The Hustle (2019). But I consider them non-franchise films since they didn't have true prequels or sequels.  Best George Lucas-Directed Films 1. Star Wars (1977) 2. Revenge of the Sith (2005) 3. American Graffiti (1973) 4. The Phantom Menace (1999) 5. THX 1138 (1971) 6. Attack of the Clones (2002)  Best George Lucas-Written Films 1. The Empire Strikes Back (1980) 2. Star Wars (1977)  3. Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981) 4. The Last Crusade (1989) 5. Revenge of the Sith (2005) 6. Temple of Doom (1984) 7. Return of the Jedi (1983) 8. American Graffiti (1973) 9. Willow (1988) 10. THX 1138 (1971) 11. Kingdom of the Crystal Skull (2008) 12. The Phantom Menace (1999) 13. Attack of the Clones (2002)  I've never seen Radioland Murders (1994) and Strange Magic (2015). I have ROTJ lower than ROTS and Temple of Doom because I can't get over the fact the Ewoks overthrew the Empire! 🤣 ROTJ is arguably better films than those two. If Cassian Andor had moved to Endor before he died in Rogue One, would he be Andor in Endor?   People should watch THX 1138. A Lucas student film turned into a full featured film with nudity! A film not catered to children. Robert Duvall gets naked with Maggie McOmie who looks like Samantha Morton (Agatha) in Minority Report (2002). It's dystopic. Lots of white background. If you watch Andor in the prison episodes, it reminds me of THX 1138.  My Top 10 Favorite Movie Characters Ever 1. Iron Man (RDJ)  2. Darth Vader (RIP Prowse)  3. Batman (it's back being KEATON 🐐) 4. Indiana Jones (Ford's)  5. Han Solo (Ford's)  6. Vito Corleone (Brando's 🐐, always)  7. Yoda (Frank Oz forever)  8. The Joker (Heath, but I love Jack's too) 9. Loki (can't wait for Season 2!) 10. Jules Winnfield (Do they speak English in What? 🤣)   Honorable mentions Drexl Spivey (True Romance is such a cool flick. Margot Robbie loves it! Dressed as Alabama.)  Marty McFly Emmett "Doc" Brown Bill S. Preston, Esquire Ted Theodore Logan  I can't include my boy, Daemon Targaryen, here, Bronn, Jaime Lannister, or Al Bundy. Only characters in movies. Not TV shows. Walter Sobchak from The Big Lebowski is moving up though.  "Also, Dude, Chinaman is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian-American, please." 🤣  Greatest roles Jeff Bridges and John Goodman ever had.   *You* *Human* *Paraquat* I personally disliked The Big Lebowski when I first saw it. I didn't understand the humor. I was ready to return the DVD after watching it once. Then instead of watching it, I decided to listen to the film every night because it makes a great movie to listen to before going to sleep. The music is fantastic and dreamy like "Ataypura" by Yma Sumac 🇵🇪.   After 50+ times, I believe it has the greatest screenplay of all-time. I can listen to it a thousand times and never get sick of it. I've seen a porn version of it and that's hilarious too! It's the original Pineapple Express. And Pineapple Express is based on Brad Pitt's character, Floyd, in True Romance. It has these weird dream musical sequences. Julianne Moore is my all-time favorite actress and she's amazing in it.   Thank you, Coen brothers.   The Dude: Look, just stay away from my f***ing lady friend.  Da Fino, Private Snoop: Hey, I'm not messing with your special lady.  The Dude: She's not my special lady, she's my f***ing lady friend. I'm just helping her conceive.
You don't know how refreshing it is to hear that you don't absolutely hate Skull. I REALLY don't understand the hate it gets. Is it a great Indy film? No. But it's absolutely not terrible. It's my least favorite of the 4, but it's still a solid Indy film imo. I feel like all the complaints made about the movie, we have seen in the previous 3 films. Like people saying the refrigerator scene was dumb. Yet they all forget that Indy also survived jumping out of a plane in a rubber raft lmao. The hate never made sense to me.
So you got paid or took bath salts beforehand. Got it...
They killed mutt in Vietnam & phoebe saves indy at end😂by punching him in the face & knocking him out!
Thank you for a great review.
Eyyo Chris, I know you're white and stuff, but what are your thoughts on THE BLACKENING, Huh?
Oh shit, Indy goes into space doesn't he?
This is Kathleen Kenney last movie for Disney.
Jason Bourne was a lazy redux of Supremacy. I remember shaking my head in constant disappointment while seeing it in theaters. The beginning sequence was an insult to fans and established characters as well.
I had my reservations about Manigold doing Indy 5, but this review just ease my worries.  I felt Indy4 was the weakest of the Indy sequels, but I didn't hate it.  I just felt it kinda had a wierd\somewhat odd second act and that was it in my book.  Hopefully, I plan to see "Dial of Destiny" in Dolby Cinema on June 30th or at least some time during the july 4th weekend.  I just can't wait the hear indy crack the whip in dolby atmos!  So, thank you very much for the review, Chris!
Did not come here for amrish puri slander, Chris
Why are there 1.4k downvotes on this..what's the story with that?
Pathetic as always Chris why are you so terrified of criticism and as a result of being decisive! You’re better than that and more people would respect your reviews/criticism if you used that backbone
Tf does this guy keep watching films 2 weeks before release
Indiana Jones and The Dial of Destiny is a pretty good Indiana Jones movie?!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂 Have more of that Kool Aid! 😂
I honestly thought mangold did not make a movie before the Wolverine lol
A Shortround Disney+ series would be a lot of fun. Maybe Ford would even be open to a cameo as Indy. Also Knight & Day is very underrated. I trust Mangold. If there are flaws in this Indy it likely stemmed from the original script and too many cooks in the kitchen.
Phoebe just annoys me. She is just very unlikeable.
New female Indiana Jones woot woot........🙄
crystal skull is ok for a fourth installmant, but has good ideas involving the father -son element involving indy and shia  which seems like people need to realize, that deserves a redebate to ask a what if question "what if indy was a positive influence to shia's character"   whereas in this film  this film is ok too but doesnt live up to last crusade By any means   whats strange is the split between indy when he's deaged and when hes older   and when he's deaged in the prologue i think that people can get behind indy when he's deaged more than hes older because it gives the Bs indication that its basically like "hes basically playing the sean connery indy at this point" and helena is the newcomer   and i think that people should wait on this film, and stick to the four movies  even though crystal skull may be Not as respectful as the original three But it does have aspects that this film seems to get wrong  which is the father kid aspect and i have to agree, this film is No bourne ultimatium
I would prefer hollywood to stop living on the past and push/support/fund young film writers/makers to create new hero's and stories instead of rehashing old movies.
No Indy film will top the classic trilogy.  I dont expect much . I just want a enjoyable Indiana Jones movie with Harrison Ford doing his thing and John Williams adding that John Williams magic  to every scene.   That and a decent story that is engaging enough to get me hooked .  Thanks for sharing your thoughts Master Stuckman .  I hope Shelby Oaks is going well .   Looking forward seeing the finished product .
I know what you’re saying about John Williams but I haven’t heard anything great from him since The Force Awakens. He wasn’t himself in Rise of Skywalker and Obiwan Kenobi didn’t need a new theme song. Plus, just doing a one song while Holt fills the rest of the season with noice was anti-Star Wars and anti-ears. Looking forward to Indy5’s soundtrack. I’ll probably catch this one on Disney+ in July.
Chris supposedly only uploads videos about movies he likes, and yet he reviews every movie that comes out.   He could NOT have liked the boogeyman, I saw it myself and ugh. Some good scenes but nothing incredible and very generic.   I might as well just go to his comment sections and see what people think there instead of watching him be soft on these awful movies because you guys are not afraid to contradict, as seen in this very section
Still little annoyed they didn’t bring back Mutt. For the fans of the fourth or people who want to return or give it a second chance, it’ll be a more fracturing experience knowing Jones’ son isn’t in the next film. Instead, Rey Palpatine 2.0
Seriously man with the pride shirt
Chris is no longer a reliable reviewer. This movie is fucking garbage, dude.
You’re the first reviewer that actually was majority positive. I’m still waiting for streaming but appreciate the review from a different perspective
I thought they used footage of Harrison Ford from back in the day instead of de-aging.
Regardless if it’s good or bad I love a Indiana jones adventure. My childhood hero
Old indie getting lectured by phoebe ffs 🤦‍♀️
I’m so over seeing our hero’s  from the past where we last saw them ending on a high note, come back 20-30 years later and they’re broken down shells of themselves… Luke, Solo, and now Indy. Its tiring to me. Why do they always have to break em down to make the new characters stand out?
Chris has no issues with KK.
Disney deserves to suffer… I wouldn’t see this if I had cancer and this was the cure
Ford is 80 years old!?🤯🤦🏾‍♂️
why so many dislikes, what did i miss
Chris stuckman: "it's better than a pile of sh!t"  So it sucks. Thanks.
“The original trilogy”… don’t think I need to say more.
It’s a woke movie
It IS better than crystal skull. But could be a lot better.
This movie was ass but his love for Indy didn’t want to make him realize that, I just saved you the video
I haven’t seen the film, but Phoebe’s smarmy and overly groan worthy line about capitalism being all about stealing is such trash, especially in a movie that is trying to make mountains of cash. So, yeah, her character, based on the editing of the trailer has earned her an uphill battle.
Next to no mention of Pheobe Waller-Bridge.  Interesting......
Damn. Sounds like a mother defending her problem child. “So, my kid isn’t the greatest kid in the world but let’s consider the world we live in today...”
17 minute review....oh yeah its baaaaaaad
Your reviews are boring. Everything is just “wonderful”
You can clearly see Chris struggling to say anything good about this film.... boy it hurts to see him doing these intelectual loop-de-loops. This movie must be at LEAST offensive.
You gotta review Extraction 2 movie next. The action scenes is remarkable.
If you're going to make an Indiana Jones movie....you have no excuses but to make it the best it can be.  Disney has no excuses with the money they spent on this thing that it shouldn't have been the best movie ever made.  No excuses....  I'll pass.
A ‘be kind, rewind’ review of a movie destined to bomb - last nail coffin Disney.
The woman saves the day.  Indy wants to die in the end, in the past, she punches him and next thing you know he's on his couch.  They want  this english lady to be Indy and its up to the audience to except.
Anyone still waiting on that Attack on Titan review Chris promised years ago? 😅 Love your vids man, keep them coming
there are so many shills on YouTube
Heard it was really bad
I don't know why ppl hate KOTCS ...wait yes I do. Ppl can't accept Indy getting old. That's it. They can't deal with it and they impose this anxiety on the film
That chase is the "peak action scene"? They released the whole chase online already and it's pretty bad. 😬
Are you motivated to give a nicer review than you would have due to the incentive of being able to continue getting early access to these movies? This movie is TRASH man.
it does not matter how  beautifully shot , well acted it is , great soundtrack , if the script does not make sense nor respect the character or past movies a la " Last Jedi " it won't be in my collection.
Does Phoebe Waller Bridge put on the hat, yes or no?
Indiana Jones is my favorite character and the original 3 movies are some of my favorite movies of all time - they never really get old.  I have heard some whispers about Dial of Destiny that gave me a bit of an uneasy feeling,  however this review gives me hope.
The single biggest thing that encapsulates Chris’ problem with critics these days is the popularity of Rotten Tomatoes as the fundamental judge of a movie’s quality.  Critics are now valued, not for their individual reviews and the quality of their individual experiences with the film but for their collective agreement over whether a film is good instead of bad.   It’s a system that benefits films that satisfy everyone over niche or experimental films that may not be for everyone but will absolutely blow away the ones they will be for
You nailed it on the head about the state of film criticism today. 100% agree
Haven't seen a Stuckman video in awhile, but just browsing through some of his latest videos there seems to be a consistent dislike ratio %.  Was there some recent Stuckman drama/hate I missed?
Think i just saw a scene of Indie whipping at ppl? Then they all pull guns? Wtf. Why tf would he do that when the other guy from the trilogy had a sword and Indie just shot him in one of the best scenes ever? Ill wait for it on streaming.
why tyou whereing a " who i like to fxck " shirt?
I hear you about modern film ‘criticism’. I’ve tried to move away from the concept of ‘good’ movies and ‘bad’ movies and just ask myself ‘was it an entertaining movie? Was I entertained or not?’
I won't be watching.  The trilogy ended beautifully in 1989.  It was silly making more Indy movies
I really don't care about deaging if the movie is good. If the movie is bad I will have to look at the bad cg.
Basically don’t ask questions just consume product. This is exactly like your last Jedi review but you look even more annoyed.
I think people need to chill on the sfx. It’s an Indiana Jones movie. In raiders the ending face melt scene was corny looking.   Temple of doom cart chase scene was super corny and fake looking.  Crusade had fake snakes and a fake rhino at the opening train chase scene.  So keeping that secret n mind… if anything Indy movies have a history of sfx goofiness. This one is just staying in line with that tradition.
Crystal Skull is a complete failure. Instead of creating something new, he just phoned it in, and followed the Indy outline. As an example, the silly rollercoaster scene. All Indy movies have something akin to a rollercoaster ride. The difference is, with CS, it wasn't needed, and so, felt forced. In fact, it was clearly CGI. Nothing in an Indiana movie should be cgi. Another fail, his son was a complete fail, from the name, to the actor used, to this need for a unique weapon. A sword!?! Another fail, the skulls themselves. There are supposedly multiple skulls in real life. And they all look different. It was just pure laziness, to make the skulls the same in the movie, and bring the skulls together. I can go on with the fails, but ultimately, the biggest fail is the use of obvious CGI effects. Indy movies should never have obvious cgi. In Avatar, the characters were cgi, so the effect and the background matched/seamless.
You have the original trilogy, of course. Then, at the end of The Last Crusade, perhaps in a mid-credits scene, time skips ahead decades later to Kingdom of the Crystal Skull's wedding finale (the one scene in that movie that I 100% LOVED).   Indy and Marion Ravenwood's son is there (NOT played by Shia LeBeouf or named Mutt, I'm uncertain who'd play him, maybe an older Sean Patrick Flanery) to witness them finally marry years after the two had rekindled their relationship.   Maybe Marcus Brody's daughter could be there, and it would be visually established that she & Indy's son are a couple. You could have a line indicating that Marcus and Henry Jones Sr. have passed away but would be so happy for Indy.  The scene itself plays out almost identically to Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, but that story's prior events are ignored entirely with no dialogue alluding to it (John Oxley wouldn't need to be there). It's portrayed simply as an epilogue to the OG trilogy.  Indy would be long retired as an archeologist at this point, having had a successful career as a university history professor since The Last Crusade. He's also invested in honoring Marcus' work by opening a new museum dedicated to him.  This museum would be the most popular of its kind at this point in time, attracting visitors from all over to see artifacts and exhibits gathered from Indy's many adventures (the ones he was allowed to keep that aren't hidden by the govt.).  With that, our hero & Marion kiss and the crowd applauds before beginning to make their way outside. Indy's son grabs the iconic hat that his dad forgot in the celebratory commotion and, for a moment, considers putting it on (as Mutt did).  Indy takes it gratefully from him before he can though, smiling as he places it back on. With that, Indy and his family + friends depart from the church as the rest of the credits roll with the classic ending theme song playing until we fade to black.  *THAT'S ALL, FOLKS!*
I am so relieved that you like this movie.
Such a good reviewer. With you honing your directing skillset, I feel so much more informed as well
Pheobe ruined it.....there, I said it
when the video started and chris said “Indiana Jones and The Dial of Destiny is directed by…” my brain auto filled it to Steven Spielberg but then i remembered that wasn’t the case and made me sad
The problem with most cgi is that studios don’t give those artists enough time to do their work. I know time is money, but come on, if they budgeted properly, it wouldn’t be an issue.
Stopi it whith the t-shirt. Just don't pay the New Jersey guys
How much do they pay you because you sound bored talking about the movie
I need to see this, what i love about some of these IPs is when we see them, we are visiting an endeared friend and going on an adventure with him. Its impossible not to love Indiana Jones,  him. Charm, character, humanity, bravery and exploration adventure. You can tell Ford loves playing him.
I can’t wait to watch this movie ❤
If she's the hero and he's back to the broken down character that the ST trilogy Solo became (as spoilers have noted already) then I have zero interest paying to see this, especially with KK still in charge. No Lucasfilm/Disney property will get my $.
canT Wait to watch shelby oaks. been a fan of yours since 2012
The Dial of Desperation.   Disney needs your money, consume content, no questions allowed 😅
For me there will only be three Indiana Jones movies.
Dude is there any movie you DONT like? What about the woke bs in this movie?
They should have stopped at crusade then moved on to his son from there.
I think my trust in Chris’ film reviews going forward will hinge on my opinion of the movie, and how honest I feel his review is 🤷🏻‍♂️
17minutes video?? Boy this is going to be a scorcher 😂😂😂😂
I can relate to you very much to the way you speak about the og trilogy. Shoutout to you my friend
The de-aging done in Guardians of the Galaxy vol 2 was great. Why didn’t they use those guys?
The Last Crusade is where it ends for me. I won't be going to watch this dross
With Ke Huy Quan making a comeback, it would be interesting to see the baton passed on to an older Short Round, similar to how the Rocky series did with Creed. This would provide a fresh perspective and continuation of the character's journey.
It was hard to watch!!
Man this is the most depressing review I’ve ever seen lol
I am glad to hear that it isn’t “The Helena and her sidekick Indy” movie. That was a worry. The de-aging I don’t think will bother me. It hasn’t in past movies. My concern has been about the Helena character being shown to disrespect and upstage Indy. So some sense of relief there and am now looking forward to seeing this a little more now.
Now that we've had the coded, apologetic version, really can't wait to hear what the Critical Drinker has to say on this one.
Did you get those VHS at McDonald's?
Indiana.... Indiana... Let it go...
Did we watch the same movie?! lol I KO’d half way through 🥱
Sounds like the overall consensus of the film is “welp… it’s better than Crystal Skull at least.”
James Mangold is our Robert Wise.
I like how if it’s a movie HE likes he does nothing but praise it, this dude is such a fucking joke.
Too much shit has been dumped on this movie and it all got me siding negatively. I saw all 3 original Indy movies in theaters as a kid, it's my childhood too. Your reviews are the only ones I truly have a connection to. Been waiting for this, thank you Chris and keep up that great filmmaking mind of yours
I will keep my expectations right in the middle for now, but thank you for making the light shine in a bit, being a severe fan, I was absolutely scared it was going to be atrocious. 🙏 thank you, I enjoyed Crystal Skull although too warm and gummy, so 🍻
You know a movie is bad when the Disney shills are having trouble being positive about it.
I have not seen the review yet, but when I noticed the over 17 minutes length I knew "oh boy..."
How is this a good review? Saying it’s better than Kingdom of the Crystal Skull does not bode well for this movie, imo.
Nuance doesn't seem to want to exist in today's society, much less the (relatively) simple act of film criticism. When every Tom, Dick, and Harry has access to put their uncultured opinion about a movie into the public square, the educated, savvy, and knowledgeability of all-time greats like Siskel & Ebert get ignorantly dismissed, lost, or outright forgotten. That's today's challenge with giving everyone the mic to give their opinion on everything: idiotic, nonsensical, and uneducated takes get mixed in with the educated ones, essentially muddying up the whole profession. Thank God we still have you and Jeremy Jahns, Chris.
I love watching Chris talk about film making and cinematography. You can tell he’s really passionate about it.
If you have to explain it to death, if you have to apologize for it, then why do I want to watch it?
So monkeys on vines confirmed.
unsubbed
My Top 10 Indiana Jones Characters 1. Henry "Indiana" Jones Jr. 2. Henry Jones Sr. 3. Short Round 4. Sallah El-Kahir 5. Marcus Brody 6. Marion Ravenwood 7. Henry "Mutt" Williams/Jones III 8. Harold Oxley 9. Willie Scott 10. Elsa Schneider  The Indiana Jones Trilogy was perfect as it is from 1981-1989. Raiders of the Lost Ark, Temple of Doom (which served as a Raiders prequel), and The Last Crusade were perfect as is like the Back To The Future Trilogy. But LucasFilm loves money. They just needed to add two more *unnecessary* films. Oh, well.   Anyhoo, I'll be there for Dial of Destiny on Day 1 just like I was there for The Flash yesterday. I was there for Batman and The Last Crusade back in summer of 1989. I'll be there for Michael Keaton and Harrison Ford for one last time portraying their legendary characters. I'm a sucker for 80s nostalgia.
I'm going to assume they gave Jones the James Bond treatment and killed him at the end, so a Mary sue can take over the franchise.
I’m glad to hear the score is good. I was very disappointed in the score for the Star Wars sequel trilogy.
What’s the rating?????
Let's wait for a few months for this review...
Where is the marketing? I completely forgot this was being made
Stuckmann simping for this movie is the all time low of the channel
I so much prefer Chris before he was trying to break into the film industry. This isn't exactly a complete but kissing, but by all sources that I have heard, this is a truly terrible movie, and he's trying to prop it up to semi-decent status.
I’m going to assume Chris would rank the Indy movies like this? Raiders TLC TOD DOD KOCS
Not canon. Alternate universe
I wanted to say, Chris, the way you ask for help for Shelby Oaks comes across as incredibly kind and genuine. I really appreciate your honesty.
I want to see this movie, but at the same time, I don’t want to leave the Indiana Jones franchise with a bad taste in my mouth. It brought such joy to my childhood.
So Sad Chris ....your for the WOKE ..so sad
"Hey everyone, this movie isn't shit, I promise.  It's not as good as the original trilogy, and it's honestly not better than Crystal Skull either, but I'm hoping if I say it's better than that stinker, I won't get blacklisted by the industry I'm desperately trying to get into/my admission into Hollywood is riding on my shilling for garbage movies, hence by unwillingness to give negative views anymore, because I can't afford to make the corpos angry at me."
God I’m so happy that this movie is good!!
Chris was obviously paid off by Disney to give this film such a good review. Everyone who has heard the confirmed leaks who is honest, realistic, and has common sense knows that this film is terrible. This is why I unsubscribed from you years ago.
Hey, Chris. I've been subscribed to your channel for five or so years now, and I gotta say this is some of your best work. Your commentary on film discourse nuance is brilliant. For the longest time I have preferred Roger Ebert over Rotten Tomatoes for your exact points. Excellent review of Indiana Jones. I look forward to your future reviews. It's nice to have a thoughtful and experienced film critic voice around!
Great shirt my guy
James Mangolds directing is the main reason I want to see it.
Do you watch/listen to mark kermode. If not, you should. I expect you'd appreciate his perspective.
The first … 20… I hope no more than 30… years of this century in film will be remembered for overzealous inclusion of CGI when the audience was begging for a return to practical effect
Im just glad to hear its better than ID4
Wasn't it Roger Ebert who employed a 'thumbs up, thumbs down' style of criticism? I think he was often pretty thoughtful, but you don't get any more binary than that!
I haven't seen such tippy-toeing around a movie review since "Batman v Superman".
There are things I can't stand about Crystal Skull but William's skull theme is right next to some of my all-time Indy favorites. The soundtrack collection that came out when Crystal Skull did was the first music collection I had on my first MP3 as a kid and I'm so happy to have more of his stuff to listen to, the man is a legend.
Sorry to make this comparison, but if you 2x the playback speed Chris sounds like Ben Shapiro
I still say the Indy character should’ve been recast, I’d just rather see a younger Indy because it’s just not exciting watching an 80 year old doing this yet again. He really shouldn’t still be doing this, lol. The James Bond franchise certainly doesn’t do this, they recast the character every 4-5 films & get the most out of the actor while still physically believable in the role.
Of every major franchise, _Indiana Jones_ has always been, and still is, my definitive favorite. This film has been one of my highest-anticipated for the year, so you liking it is promising.
I do and don’t agree with comment about cgi. The only disagreement or addition I would give is that sometimes poor cgi doesn’t distract much when it’s part of an excellent story.   This is a hot take, but the new Flash movie has a very well written story and character arc for its protagonist. But the cgi is noticeably deficient.
I always wanted to be Indy. My brother always wanted to be James Bond. We both love the other character and have our disagreements about certain details. But one we will be united forever-Indiana Jones will always be a trilogy.
except for this movie was a hate letter to indiana jones lol not even directed by steven spielberg and the dialog is god awful the and not even indie himself comes off as even remotely likable eveyrhting about this movie is just shit
Sean Chandler brought up an interesting question. *Who* *wants* to *watch* *an* *80-year-old* *Harrison* *Ford* *as* *Indiana* *Jones* *doing* *CGI* *stuff?* I think it's the same reason fans are willing to watch a *70-year-old* *Michael* *Keaton* *as* *Batman* one last time while doing CGI stuff. Nostalgia bait.  Indiana Jones means the world to me. It's my second favorite movie franchise of all-time behind Back To The Future. I was a fan of both franchises by 1989-1990 or several years before I got into Star Wars in early 1997 when the SEs came out. I even love their rides in Universal Studios (Hollywood) and Disneyland. I'm aware BTTF the Ride is gone but I thought it was a blast. The last time I rode the Indiana Jones ride in Disneyland in 2010 (or was it in 2005?), it was such a blast..   I would buy the DVD box sets for The Godfather, Back To The Future, Indiana Jones, and Star Wars on release days at my closest Best Buy from 2001-2004. All four trilogies (at the time) were Day 1 purchases for me. BTTF and Indiana Jones were always my favorite because I never felt they needed a fourth film. They didn't ruin their brand with countless sequels that Star Wars eventually fell victim to like the Fast films.   I can't see Indiana Jones be portrayed by anybody else except Harrison Ford. Yeah, yeah, I know River Phoenix portrayed a young Indy in The Last Crusade. And multiple ones (mainly Sean Patrick Flanery) portrayed him in The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles. But I can't see Chris Pratt portray Indy. It needs to be Harrison even if he's 80. It feels right like it felt right seeing Keaton donning the Batman suit even with wrinkles on his old face.  I know Crystal Skull gets a lot of hate. And yeah, I can completely understand. When I first saw it in the theater in 2008, I was underwhelmed.  My buddy from Colorado told me in early-2009 it was a piece of shit. But something happened around 2010. My stepdad would get burned copies of a bunch of movies from a family friend for free. I remember watching Crystal Skull on loop every night for months in 2010. It actually became a film I grew to love even with so many stupid scenes like the giant ants and Tarzan swinging on vines scene with Shia.  I really didn't hate Crystal Skull except the last 10 minutes of it. I didn't mind John Hurt's character. The 1950s stuff was cool. The greaser stuff was cool. I actually found the nuclear scene getting inside a refrigerator quite fascinating. Shia wasn't terrible in it and I like how he handled a switchblade without needing a coach. Cate Blanchett was having fun in her role. The only annoying character was Mac. Crystal Skull is a bad movie that I grew to love. Dial of Destiny could end up the same. Maybe that first viewing won't be so great. It's with repeat viewings that it gets better.   So in my eyes, there isn't an Indiana Jones film that I've seen that I hated yet. I enjoyed them all. High replay value. A charismatic hero. Great locations. Legendary theme music. Fun sidekicks. I love the Uncharted games but Nathan Drake is no Indiana Jones to me. Neither is Lara Croft. So if Kristian Harloff is saying Dial of Destiny is better than Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, then it's already a W in my book.
You spend the entire review comparing this movie to crystal skull instead of the original trilogy. That's how you know its not good. I'm gonna skip this one and wait for Disney + in a few months
This was the only review that mattered to me. Thanks Chris. I’m excited again!
Very well-put about the current state of movie “reviewing”/self -serving blathering.  I love Indy as you do, I’ve seen every one upon initial release in theaters (including Crystal Skull BY MYSELF IN AN EMPTY THEATER), so I’ll see this one, too.  I’m excited!
Your calculations are wrong.  This is actually better than any of the Raiders sequels, and then some.  Rewatch the film 27 times, as I have over the previous month and a half, please.  Not a frame here is wasted.  As a guy who learned English in Eastern Europe because of Indy, I ask on behalf of us Slavs that you stop selling your own cinema short once it comes up with a good movie, for once.
Pretty much all of the cgi in this film looks terrible
Love 1 and 3, didn't like 2 and 4. So maybe 5 will be somwehre in the middle 🤷🏼‍♂️  I don't expect much. I think Ford is really a grumpy perdon off-screen so I don't have overwhelmingly positive feelings for him.
I got the same mindset you have while watching. I’ll definitely go see this because this is one of my all time favorite characters.
Chris, you are a very good critic.  I can always trust that you will give a completely honest and loving review of a film....whether you like the film or not.  Thank you.
keep drinking that kool aid, man
Thank God, de-aging is not perfect. Otherwise, studios would use it to switch faces altogether. They have unknown play parts and switch their faced for actors from the golden age of Hollywood instead of curreht actors.
1:05 @ChrisStuckmann You dressed up as Indiana Jones last Halloween? Dude! So did I! 🤩 🤠
came across a movie that I'd LOVE to see you review:  Riders of Justice, starring Mads Mikkelsen.
Let me guess safe Disney formula crap movie. This is one of the movies EVER!
Based on your review it sounds like Indy dies
You are getting in to the way of the fact, from what I can see that the story is shit. You can appreciate the fact of the score, cinematography etc is great, but if the story is shit it's juist shit wrapped in a nice envelope.
Woke shit.
Sorry Chris, this might be it for me man. As a long time subscriber, I can't get onboard with this 'I can't say bad things about movies because I make movies now' attitude You were fantastic picking out the good and bad specifics on any movie and were not 'afraid'  to highlight the bad when needed. Watching your last few reviews tip toe around the objectively bad writing, storytelling and misuse of the original source material is not what I regard as a balanced opinion, and not what I seek in my movie reviews.
Crystal Skull just needed someone in the writer's room to say, "I understand what you were going for.  But, how about we try this instead."  A perfect example being the beautiful and very talented Cate Blanchette doing a caricature Russian evil woman in a jet black wig?  How about she goes with her actual hair color, and a light Russian accent.  And just let her improvise a little with her lines and she'll be a great Indiana Jones villain.  Proof... THor.  Ok, she had dark hair, still.
This video gets so unbearably pretentious at 4:09 that it's hard to take the rest of the video seriously.   It seems that Chris doesn't understand how Roger Ebert became popular in the first place. It wasn't because he offered nuanced analysis. He plunged into the sensationalism of film discussion with his overdramatic movie reviews. Most people tuned in to his reviews back when they were being aired on TV because they wanted to hear him trash and lambast a movie.   People have always responded to negativity.   Most people loved his trademark binary rating system (thumbs up = good and thumbs down = bad). He focused more on expressing his emotional reaction to the movies he watched rather than on insightful analysis, because he was more interested in not spoiling movies rather than in-depth film criticism.   Chris, if you read some of Roger Ebert's more academic style essays on film analysis, then sure, okay, I can believe that you'd find that he's probably more intelligent than today's film journalists, but Chris, don't lie to yourself, there's no way you got that impression through his reviews, because Roger Ebert wrote reviews for the common folk, and that's what made him popular. I can't believe that you claim to not have let your romanticized feelings about Indiana Jones get in the way of your review of the movie, when you can't even recognize how you've romanticized Roger Ebert's career.   Chris, you don't know what you're talking about, so keep Roger Ebert's name out of your mouth.
Chris, what’s the point of these ‘reviews’. You’ve turned into a pr machine. If you don’t want to be critical, just stop making reviews
Given how passionate you are about the Indiana Jones franchise, good film making, and thoughtful nuanced opinions, this was really the only review I wanted to see for this movie. Thank you, Chris!
Youre the first to speak positively about this film. Youre my go to reviewer. I have to give this movie a shot now. I respect your reviews that much. I personally didnt hate Crystal Skull. I also dont like bigotry of any kind which is all i fear. Reverse bigotry is kind of ... the thing to do in films. Over correcting has ruined several things for me lately. But i never do anything recreational wanting to not enjoy it. For me, My 3 favorite movies all time are BTTF, American Graffiti, and Raiders of the Lost Ark so i know what you mean about expectations. Cheers!
I have only read negative speculation up to this point. I have been hoping you would do an early review of the movie ahead of its release. This gave me a lot of hope, either way I’m really excited for it’s I’m taking my dad to watch it, we haven’t ever watched one in theaters and he’s had a tough year or so fighting cancer. Thanks for giving me some hope for a good movie! Longtime fan of your reviews and videos!
My guy,I'm have to stop you 2 minutes in. No way you are convincing me this dog turd of a movie was better than crystal skull. At least in skull, we got some semblance of Indy. This movie just portrayed his as a sad,broken husk of a man who has lost his will to adventure and just gave up on everything. As an Indy fan from the 80s,I am not alone by saying you should prostrate yourself accordingly and slap yourself for your blasphemy. If you enjoyed this movie, you are NO Indiana Jones fan.
I don't know if I was more excited for me or for you that this movie was coming out. I loved going through your reviews years back. I am one of the few that liked kingdom of the crystal skull. I like the ones that they take risk on. Hope I can get some joy out of this one too.
Breath of fresh air after watching the incessantly negative reviews from culture war grifters
I remember watching pieces of your movie YEARS ago. Nice!
Have you ever considered reviewing black mirror? I'd love your insight on every episode.
I do wonder what parts were reshot.
He drank from the grail. He can give us 3 more movies!
Judging by the thumbnail for this review, it looked like you were gonna rant the crap out of this one, given the reception it got when it was shown at the Cannes film festival. But it's nice to hear you enjoyed it for what it was.
So your review is basically comparing it to crystal skull. Low bar
👊
I'm excited that you are positive about this movie. There is no one else I trust about film, and I like yourself considering Indiana Jones one of the best if not the best movie characters.  I had initially planned on waiting, but you've convinced me to see it in the theater.
Tbh I am still super excited to see this film. I grew up watching the first three with my dad. They hold a special place in my life.  I know it won’t be as good as the original trilogy. I’m not expecting it to beat it. But I can’t wait to be in the cinema for my first Indy movie for his last stint.
3:14 making Indy the sidekick in HIS OWN MOVIE wasn’t “as bad” an idea… really?
Indiana Jones, Captain Marvel, Superman, leads in Star Wars etc are all being replaced by women or a minority....so sick of this woke shit. Why don't all these woke assholes create their own superhero? Looks like this lady in this movie is trying to be the next Indy? Stop destroying the superheroes (Indiana too you know what I mean ) who already have their loyal fans for decades.  Go woke, go broke.
The only indy movie review that matters
Dial of destiny is far worse than crystal skull.  You still drinking that koolaid.
I notice that you bring up nuance and movie culture when your trying to cover up something inherently DOA.  I know your not critiquing movies (or trying not to) anymore, but thank you for tipping your hand here.  I'll leave indy in the past where he belongs.
Woke crap!
U went in w the same mindset I’m going into w
Crystal Skull slaps…if you’re on LSD 🫠
Spielberg should direct an indiana jones movie in the style of tin tin still using Harrison's voice
This is all about setting the stage for the coming feminist political messiah. Just saying.
Sorry Chris gotta disagree!  After years skull even grew on me just a tiny bit this never will!
The thing about Roger Ebert was even if Roger didn't like the movie he reviewed in such a way that you could tell if you would like it or not.
if nothing else, it looks very cinematic
what you said about modern day film criticism in contrast of Roger Eberts extensive reviews is one of those major reasons I go to your review first before I look into anyone elses, youre one of the few still carrying that torch Roger left behind
Is it bad I kinda want spoilers before going in? I heard a nasty leak and if it's true I don't wanna but if it isn't il give it a shot
Damn…I am leaving this review even more hesitant after the Jason Bourne comparison. JB was a solid film…but it didn’t bring absolutely anything new or memorable to the franchise. Whether you’ve seen it or not, it doesn’t matter. Much like it was with the Skull. So now what, we’re gonna have two unnecessary Indiana Jones movies? What a shame. And the way Chris talks, it’s definitely the ending. The trilogy was perfect, should have ended on the Crusade.
Chris grew up with Indiana Jones ~classic throwback for the older subscribers~
trying to remain politically neutral with your review. wont work. we already know what KK did.
Oh how our standards have lowered. 🤦
This review seems like you’re trying your hardest to like it to me
It’s the death to another IP.. Why Disney Why…  You’re a Disney Shill..  I saw it and it was cringeworthy…
Nah, Critical Drinker has the correct take on this awful movie. I do NOT want to see a hero of mine being bossed around by a woman. Period.
Chris I know you said that you don't review bad movies because you don't want to do that anymore. But would that mean that if you don't review a recently released movie, that the audience would think that it  IS a bad move?
Thanks for this review!  At 1:30 - «I don’t think a single movie direcetd by Steven Speilberg is poorly directed ever...»  Almost...•Cough•1941•Cough•! 😉       (saw the film two days ago, it’s pretty bad, I couldn’t finish it)
No fridge nuking or something similar?
that awful? Damn,anamorphic lens, huh?
Just a question are any of the  lines  that we’re leaked  in the movie particularly the one where he said I fought the Nazis and a nother character  response in a way I didn’t like but was not sure if is was real
7:39 I use your mom as a gauge as well
You're entitled to your opinion but I'm very doubtful that this is a good movie. And let's face it in today's society. You're probably required to say that when you get early access.
It's a dumpster fire after 20 minutes. save your money. nice paid shill work by chris however! ;-) hahah   Rottentomatoes score of 55% is generous. hahahaha   If I could time travel two and a half hours before this began, I'd tell myself to leave now. As hollow as you'd expect.
The book series about young Indiana was pretty amazing. Well, at least remember liking it as a teen.
A 40 yr old franchise. 🤦‍♂️ A bit like a franchise from the 40’s releasing films in the 80’s
As han solo said I've got a bad feeling about this and I think a lot people out there has got a bad feeling about this movie
Dial of Dysentery
All I really wanted to see from an Indy 5 is an 80 year old Dr. Jones being called upon to use his experience & expertise to sleuth through a compelling historical mystery, I don’t need to see him doing crazy action sequences like he used to. In fact, I’d like to see more aging legacy characters get the Kratos treatment, where they take a larger than life character, tone it down a bit, and put them in a more contained and personal story with more personal stakes rather than outrageous spectacle.  I would be so much more interested to see an actual archaeological mystery movie where your leading expert just happens to be Dr. Henry Jones III instead of “INDY 5 THIS SUMMER! EXPLOSIONS! CAR CHASES! JUST LIKE YOU REMEMBER! JUST LIKE BACK HOME! RELIVE THE EXCITEMENT!!!”
I always loved Temple of Doom even tho the acting and choreography is a little meh at times
Why why why didn't they use the deep-fake, like they used with Luke in Book of Boba?
Chris, are you by any chance gonna be able to screen "Shelby Oaks" at the next Sundance Film Festival?
this dude is 80!! lol
Is there any way to do a $25 Shelby Oaks Bluray tier?  I feel like a lot of folks would love to jump in on that price point & perk.
I was conflicted on seeing this film but if Chris says it’s pretty good, I’ll take his word and maybe give it a shot. I respect his points ab how imperfect movies can still be fun. I feel like that’s forgotten these days. There’s such a rush to over/criticize every choice a movie makes or to find things to be mad about or to have a strong opinion. Sometimes a movie is just “pretty good.” And if Dial of Destiny (which is still a dumb subtitle imo) is pretty good I’ll take that. I really disliked Crystal Skull so if this has a more respectful and quality conclusion to the Indy Jones franchise, I’ll take it
I Get Nervous When You Smile Like That Chris! Its Either Going To Be Bad or Somewhere In-between I want The 5th Movie to be Great But I always Come to You First Since Your a Professional Minded Critic Before I Go And See The Movie..
sorry but I refuse to accept anything indiana jones after the trilogy.
As an Indy fan i have never had any interest in this due to how films are treated nowadays, makes me wonder who it's actually aimed at?
It's turning into the terminator issue of sequels being bad
Have we changed the definition of the word, "Last", as well, now?  "LAST Crusade" was the last and final—full stop.  Everything else is part of their Disney multiverse and never ever happened.
I am one of the people who will not go to theaters and pay for Dial of Destiny because I want a better future for Lucasfilm and Star Wars
Chris, I think you need to grow up, not only professionally but personally.
Hard to top raiders
Any reviewer who doesn't bash this for having time travel is in the wrong line of work.
8:08 well, this is an Indy film afterall
thumbs up for Mads being one of your favorite actors
After seeing EEAAO I would really love to see an Indiana Jones movie with Kuy He quan in the lead role taking on the mantle.
I liked crystal skull
Your Mom reference is so accurate and so lovely at the Same time, chris
Ill be watching it at the drive in coming up soon👍
Ford V Ferrari was great. Rush was better tho
I’m glad it was pretty good! 👍🏻
So, based on everything thus far, the ranking of the franchise sounds like :  1. Last Crusade 2. Raiders 3. Dial of Destiny 4. Crystal Skull 5. Temple of Doom
I have a great fondness for Crystal Skull despite it being the worst Indy movie. Strangely, I am not hyped for this- but I hope to be pleasantly entertained.
Crystal Scull is an epic film and the haters are so annoying.
Comparing this movie to Crystal Skull says everything I need to know.....No thanks.  I'll keep my Indy right where he belongs....riding off into the sunset with his Dad.
I can't do it. I'll never be able to bring myself to watch this film
You really have become a limp noodle haven’t you
It still funny how Indy still doesn’t believe in the super natural even though he’s been in an alien spaceship 😂😂
Bring back letter Grades
Sounds like woke garbage TBH
When you have to mention Crystal Skull that much  to make DoD seem better it telling me the movie sucks ..
As much as I disliked Kingdom of the Crystal Skull I really do want to see Dial of Destiny. More Indiana Jones is always a plus for me personally.. but the hardcore fan in me really wishes the series had truly ended with the original trilogy. Those films are masterpieces and no sequel can ever touch them
😃I got to check it soon, my birthday is coming up!😄 /🤨Harrison Ford always at best for what he Is!🤠
3:10 to Yuma was great; so I guess I'll prob watch this after all
After all the negativity and having just seen Critical Drinker's video this has me hopeful again. Because for Drinker it was trash. But you saying all this has me more hopeful again.
Your reviews are very vanilla lately :(
Will NOT watch. Kathleen Kennedy has destroyed Lucasfilm and emasculated all of our male heroes.
Hey everyone the original trilogy is on tubi , stuckman lowered his expectations it didn’t suk as much as the other bad movie i also wish part 5s were good but ehh whatever
They should of made a resident evil 4 movie instead
Bet this sad loser won’t be able to make a YouTube video without mentioning “Shelby Oaks”
Ever notice how much Chris looks like Shiv from Succesion?
Ehhhh... glad you liked it but this was not a return to glory. Indy was a side character, this was Phoebe Waller-Bridge's film.
I worked on a geek website for years and I always got some flack for not using a point system or doing something like rotten tomatoes, I agree with your opening statement, people got too used to binary reviews where something is good or it isn't, there's no room for actual discussion of the different moving parts that make a movie what it is
baically the problem with this 5th Indiana Jones movie is the same that Justice League had with Superman's mustache: CGI
i liked logan cuz it showed an ages wolverine
Thanks for the positive review, I'm really looking forward to it now after reading a lot of negativity online.
Boils down to, is it as good as Temple of Doom or is it on par with Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
So we can throw this review out since he's so biased to the character drink the Kool. It's gonna lose money.
I'm going to see this but I'm settling the bar low. I've already heard it's filled with the "strong female character" feminist agenda and Indy is just a broken old man that's not the hero we remember.  But that's what Hollywoke wants these days
When he talks about the production and cast more than the movie, you know it's crap
Ahhh the comments i liked crystal skull 🤷🏽‍♂️
I'm getting the sense Chris has sold out lately, he's clearly not wanting to piss any movie execs off because he is now in that space but at the same time he's doing a movie review channel. Unfortunately they both conflict each other and it waters down everything he is saying. I've been a fan of Chris since 2014 so I hate to say this.......
I'm glad you enjoyed the film, makes me more excited to go see it.
I agree with some, actually very little, of what you said Chris but Waller-Bridge was just awful. You were really off the mark on this one, far too forgiving. Barely better then the Crystal Skull does not make this a good movie. There are only, and will always be only three Indiana Jones movies. 'nough said
Hollywood Chris, nice 'honest' review..
Chris is right. A lot of the so-called film critic or pop culture channels on this platform have a simple philosophy and agenda, hate everything Disney. They're like nodding dogs all agreeable with each other. Almost like they decided already.
I grew up in the early 2000’s, I couldn’t care less about noticeable CG lol
Finally someone coming out and acknowledging movies can be good, not great but still not bad. People nowadays jump between amazing or absolutely horrible and seem to have no in between
I think you are lowering your standards. That’s ok since we live in a time with so many bad movies. If we lower our standards for movies that tells Hollywood it’s ok to make bad movies. It’s not like Hollywood is trying to make good movies. They are purposely making movies with a message instead of telling a good story and that’s not ok. Fuck your message and just tell a good story. For the last 4 years Hollywood has been trying to spread a message at the expense of the story. As a movie critic you should give your unbiased review. The movie sucks. It sucks for a lot of reasons. If we took the advice given in this video every movie would be acceptable.
What I like from you is that you always keep an open mind going into the movie.  I agree with that it is a OK  movie, but the script and the conclusion is not that good.  Popcorn movie at best, but not sure I enjoy it  enough to see it a second time.
This seems like a fair review. I don't know why so many people want it to fail and are taking delight in bashing Phoebe Waller-Bridge. I think it's okay to say a movie is good but there's some things you didn't agree with rather than saying it's just garbage.
Let me guess: Indy's "replacement" (his niece) sucks ass.
It's such a relief that you like the movie. I generally agree with your reviews and I love this franchise so much. The rotten tomatoes score made me panic a little, but I'm still very excited to see this movie.
So I usually agree with your opinion on movies but this one I don’t.    The 1st 20 min was good and had high hopes but after that when they bring in the goddaughter it all went down hill for me.   She shits on dr jones all I’m better then you are and it just turned me off.   A smart ass who thinks she nows everything and it’s just a great trilogy that Disney decided to shit on like Star Wars.     They killed Star Wars and now Indiana Jones.   How about leaving the classics alone and write something new and leave our child hood hero’s alone.   I mean killing off Dr jones son in the war but the god daughter lives.   I mean crystal skull sucked but I rather have Shyla buff as Indianas son then the entitled god daughter.   BIG PASS!!!   G Ad I watched the $5 matinee
Movies ratings: The Good 🍿, the bad 💩 and the Disney ☠️.
For me it's a trilogy that ends with them riding into the sunset at the end of the Last Crusade.   And I wholly agree with Chris on how binary criticism (of anything) has become in the age of social media. Something is either a 10/10 masterpiece or absolutely terrible while in reality 99% of films and TV shows falls in the massive grey zone of that spectrum.
I'm glad to hear the movie is good, been looking forward to i saw the first trailer
This movie looks so fake from the beginning it looks like there’s nothing practical in this film 🤦‍♂️ I’ll pass
The Indy Jones franchise is like a beloved toy I got for Christmas... I loved it to death when it was new, but as I got older and matured into new things, I saw it for the scuffed, not-so-shiny-new toy that it used to be and it eventually ended up lost in nostalgia. It's the same with other franchises like ALIEN, STAR WARS, TERMINATOR, JURASSIC PART, etc. I'm not nearly as interested in DIAL OF DESTINY as a story as much as I am with how Harrison Ford portrays Indy in his elder years. Honestly, I'm debating whether to see it in a theater or just streaming it when it becomes available.
Chris, we (probably) have some disagreements, but damn I'm rooting for you! You have given me a kick that I needed. Thank you, and best of luck in making your film your way!
Typical western ignorance, Indy saying he was tortured by voodoo... in India.
I’m just going to go ahead skip Indiana Jones and the Insufferable Feminist. I don’t like spending money on dog 💩
No begging today?
Why am i not surprised you liked this trash. You drop to your knees whenever disney wants you to don't you?
James Mangold is one of my favorite directors. He’s the central reason I’m excited about this film.
I love Chris, but every time he reviews some thing he says it’s his favorite thing and he grew up watching it and it is his all time favorite. He has about 75 all time favorite number one spots. Still love the guy though. Only complaint right there. Can’t wait for Shelby Oaks
God bless you... I agree with you on the first 20 minutes, but you're giving too much credit to the rest of the movie.
So...love the movie as you would love a step child. Got it!
Loved your point on the versatility of James Mangold. I feel the same way about Gore Verbinski.
My unpopular opinion is that Temple of Doom is a bad movie, much worse than Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. I really like the other Indiana Jones movies. I also liked the "Young Indy" TV series. I hope I like this new one.
How does the paramount mountain opening work in this because of Disney owning it?
come on chris, you can admit a bad movie is bad. The walt disney corporation is (maybe) not gonna hurt you
That was a pretty great review! Thank you Chris, one of your best.
Expectations?! After the trailers? You guys are nuts. Also man, that guy made The Wolverine AND Logan? He sure learned from mistakes!
Instead of de-aging Harrison Ford; why not cast a younger actor... then have some spinoff films starring the new guy... huge missed opportunity
How would you rank all 5 of the films and what would this one be on a scale 1-10?
Extraction 2 review please
Looks like Cuyahoga Falls in some parts of your movie....
I got hit by a car so can anyone; for me, buy a copy of Shelby Oaks? Buy it for yourself, I should be compensated by the time it's out but please if you have the means and weren't planning on buying one, buy one for a fellow viewer. ❤ Beyond excited for Stuckmanns first Film.
For me there are only 3 Indiana Jones Movies... period.
I swear this guy is always changing his "favourite character of all time" and every film genre is his "most favourite film genre".
Lol these access media cucks trying so hard to simp for this movie.
I love Chris, but since he is making movies, i dont trust his judment. The movie looks terrible... and that happen with many of his recomendations.
LeBeuf swinging with monkeys is all I remember crystal clear from Crystal Skull and for that I HATE it.
Chris you fucking liar!!! This movie makes Crystal Skull look like Citizen Kane.
7:00 he is a jack-of-all-trades director who can tackle any genre, I cant wait to see his take on Swamp Thing  7:45 oh shoot he said it for me 😆, and thank you for labeling *Identity* as horror, that's the proper label
Grumpy Old Indy Weapon 5
Sad to say the whole "Godparent" thing in real life is a load of bull I haven't seen my godparents since i was probably 10 years old. I'm old af now lmao
I miss your hilarioucity reviews
If you are a fan of classic indiana jones movies don't bother watching this, its only gonna infuriate you.
Hmmm
The godawful CGI completely took me out of the film. I understand they had to for some scenes due to Ford’s age, but holy shit can we please go back to practical effects?!
Where is the ending line today? " You can click right here and get Stuckmanized ! " ;)
This was by far my most anticipated movie review ever. After hearing all the stuff that was coming out after the Cannes premiere, I thought to myself: "Relax, my boy Chris is going to give his honest hindsight and expert opinion". And so you have. Thank you, from one Indy fan to another, for giving me a cool mindset from which to watch this film. And good luck with Shelby Oaks!
Mr Ford has always been my favourite actor from Star Wars to Blade Runner, The Witness and many others. He is my Burt Lancaster, and Gregory Peck, Paul Newman, Steve McQueen, rolled into one, and you put the legend  Mr John Williams in the mix, its a must see, stay Awesome Mr Stuckmann, salute from the UK
Is Chris just Chris Pratts long lost twin brother?
This movie wasn’t trying to beat the original ones, it was to show a great ending for a hero at midnight. I’m happy you enjoyed it Chris !
As a fat guy, I've watched Mangold since Heavy and think he's a fine director, but comparing him to Spielberg. I'm sorry but I'm just not feeling it.
I wouldn't be opposed to a new Indy. I think Shia LaBeouf is a good actor and I was hoping that he was going to take over the role. Obviously that didn't happen but I'm hoping they can get someone really good to replace Harrison Ford.
The tuk tuk chase is the best action scene? Woof.
The fact that you spend 5 minutes apologizing in advance for the mere thought that it's a bad IJ movie because of the actress do say a LOT. Be honest. FWB sucks the life of the movie, as every Lucas Film production these days....
I don't know what film you saw, because it could NOT have been "Indiana Jones and the Dial Of Destiny." Phoebe Waller-Bridge is NOT good in this movie and she plays a very annoying character. And don't even get me started with Mads Mikkelsen's poor performance of a villain. You went WAY too soft on this film and let the rose tinted glasses of the first three films get to you. This film isn't just a bad Indiana Jones film, it's an objectively bad film.
In this comment section: people crapping on a film they haven’t seen
Let's be real, I'm sorry Chris, but did you remember you WANTED to love Crystall Skull? You said yourself in your review, that fresh out of the theater you thought it was great and a B rating. Then it got time to sit in your mind, and it became C- (and by the tone of your review, it looked more like a D to be honest). Point is: you're such a fan of Indiana Jones (so am I), that you can't accept you were served garbage. You want to love it, no matter what. Dial of Destiny is 100% a new case of Crystall Skull: loved it fresh, but garbage once the rose tint glasses wears off.
The lack of Oscar Award Winner Ke Huy Quan in this film is not only fan disservice but a massive missed opportunity to fully close out Indy's story
Do I hear some digs at the Critical Drinker? :D
Bruh
so is a B - ?
I feel like John Williams' sequel trilogy scores were kind of underwhelming. I don't know if maybe his heart wasn't into it as much with those.
I dont believe you, im sorry... Buy im hearing critic who try not to offend anyone. Is it because you are just a good guy, or tou want to get invited to next shit disney will make, its bot important. I liked you, i was watching you for MANY years.... But i muat to say, i will watch it, but if i will see movie what im hearing about from anyone else, it will be last drop for me. Im realy want for film to be good...
The bad thing at the end they brought back hitler?
For this film i trust chris way more than critical drinker for example...
Better than Kingdom of the Crystal Skull? Good enough for me.
This is the ONLY good review ive heard...thing nostalgia bait pulled you in im afraid chris...😢
So annoyed people bash Kingdom. Yes some dumb parts but they were a couple of minutes long. Aside from some issues name me a complaint in kingdom and I'll show you in original 3 where that same complaint can be applied. Go....
As much as I want to. I will not watch this movie. I will let this movie fail so kk can be gone forever
I think my biggest fear is that this film being honestly pretty decent with a lot of highs and lows, will only be bombasted with all those predictable youtube videos slamming the film with over exaggerated thumbnails. This modern day of film criticism is annoying so it’s nice that at least you are very level headed and point out a balanced review. I’m gonna check it out and, come to my own conclusion, and just ignore all the crap online.
Orange tint with faded colors = beautiful. Uh... ok. I'll stick to Douglas Slocombe.
This shit is better than Crystal Skull? Ugh it’s so woke…I think Chris is still drinking the kool aid he’s hung up on the nostalgia
Best role Harrison ford came back to after years?
Did this film properly service your needs Chris? Because we all know John didn't want that role.
I WILL NEVER EVER EVER WATCH THIS MOVIE. DIsney kills everything it touches. They are a bunch of grooming, racists, Satanists, just like Walt. No thanks!
It’s nice to hear a positive review because YouTube reviewers are blowing this movie up, in a bad way.
Chris, you are one of the few reviewers I trust to give the best view of a film to see if it’s worth my time.  For me Dial of Destiny is a film I want to see, and plan to do so.  There are haters out there that want the film to fail because they want Kathleen Kennedy to fail.  And that’s not a good reason to determine whether a film, or franchise should succeed or not.  I am not heavily bothered by Kathleen Kennedy.  I think she does the best she can for better or worse.  But I think those that want her to fail either do it for clicks, or look to have her replaced by someone who will steer properties they say to love in directions they alone want and expect everyone else to love.  Despite this I am going to see Dial of Destiny.  I will judge this film by its own merits, and I will enjoy it on those merits.  And I feel I will enjoy this film.  And then I will wonder if they will reshoot the Han/Greedo scene with Harrison Ford with the TRON tech (my name for the deaging procedure).
Keeps comparing the movie to Crystal Skull as if that was the benchmark somehow.
I rank the Indiana Jones movies 2,3,1, and 4, im curious where this will land xD (order is from best to crystal skull)
Best of luck on your film Chris. I have been following your channel for quite some time and I have enormous respect for your professional and objective opinion when it comes to film. I watched Shadow, entirely on your recommendation and that film was incredible!  I hope your project goes very well.
I DON'T CARE. I CAN'T WAIT!!  I grew up watching these movies.  Beyond stoked!
I enjoyed this nuanced review. And it is true, especially when it comes to Disney, because of all the identity politics, it is almost impossible to get an objective view. Either people love it or they hate it.
Take a moment....it's not just Harrison Ford's final outing.... this was announced to be John Williams' last score before retiring....he's the reason I (and countless more) have loved classical music since I was 3.
I feel like your trying to convince me that a bad movie is good. I'll wait for it to hit $3.99 streaming price.
I feel ther is no longer truth in your reviews.
don't make me reference the turkish star wars movie
Bout the only movie in the past year that I would pay the exorbitant price to see in a theater.
100% agree about opinions being binary these days, with little space given for nuance. It doesn't just apply to movie critiquing though, that "in or out" mentality is now more worryingly prevalent in political and socio-economic debates
Can I just say that, alongside the rest of the review, I can be happy that we may, at least, get yet another good Mads Mikkelsen performance? Idk, I’m just glad!
No desire to see this woke monstrosity
I disagree with your take on de-aging. I agree that it can be distracting but most people will quickly make up their minds whether it looks good or not and go back to focusing on the movie.
Interesting to hear that you enjoyed the film...happy surprise. I saw that other reviews were highly critical, would be nice to see you incorporate your response to the other (harsher) criticism of this movie whenever you do your spoiler review video.
Give it a few days.
So what happens to the shia Labeouf character?
Nice GayStation shirt
This movie is gonna flop. And Disney Lucasfilm deserves it. They brought this on themselves. Not watching this. And I'm convincing as many people as possible  to do the same.
I've been torn on this one for a while and just re-watched the other 4 films recently but I've decided I do want to check it out when it comes out on my birthday. Yes, John Williams is indeed still great. I even bought the Force Awakens soundtrack years ago even though the Star Wars sequel trilogy itself is mediocre from a story perspective. JJ Abrams even gave some great commentary in the liner notes and the LPs have a TIE Fighter and Millennium Falcon hologram. I especially like the Resistance and Rey themes in the score which have some Indiana Jones vibes. I'm gonna be cautious optimistic about this movie since critics and pundits have predicted wrong before like in the case of No Time to Die which wasn't as sociopolitical as people thought it would be and I actually really enjoyed it.
"she doesn't know what IMDB is, she doesn't care what Rotten Tomatoes is. She just goes to the movies, pays for a ticket and hopes she has a good time." God do we sorely need to start doing that again.
Drink the Kool Aide Dude !! Drink it Down !!  U …. Dude … Come on !! U R in no way being truthful here !!!
The de aging CGI is awful. Deepfake is the way to go and studios are apprehensive towards embracing in.  Side by side with the irishman when compared to the cgi de aged or deepfake done by some dude in his basement on youtube..  the deepfake looks better because it's not a de aged face via cgi it's a super imposed face of their REAL face when they were younger.  When you get older your nose and ears grow, you just won't look young.  Someone on YouTube did a deepfake of Luke Skywalker in mandalorian which was better than the cgi de aged.  Cgi de aged by Disney studios.  Which you would think is good.  Nope.  They needed to use deepfake tech and only use cgi as an airbrush.
Chris pretty much avoided discussing the reportedly-awful performance of Phoebe the Fleabag--who makes Indiana her sidekick--which every other critic cited as the reason the movie is a failure.
“… a pretty good movie” and “temper your expectations“ 🤷‍♂️   Trying really hard to like this movie, it seems.
I believe this movie was delayed so many times during the pandemic also because Disney wanted a theatrical release so absolutely no excuse why the CG and de-aging isn’t top notch with all that extra time. Same with the flash.
I really love and respect your comment about nuance in film, how things arent necessarily binary, and thats how I try to go into a movie. That being said, there have been so many god awful films in the past few years, its hard not to have an inherited pessimism and kneejerk reaction to call something horrible.
of course you gonna talk positive about this movie lol!!!  you are just a corporate fearing shill , this movie is trash, and the girl is the worst part of it
Chris, thank you for giving me so many reasons to appreciate this movie going into it. I love Indy more than any character and even an imperfect movie can still be enjoyed. I just want to acknowledge you for reminding everyone of that.  The other things being said about the movie before it was released really made me depressed. Thanks for bringing joy to movie watching.
Has Chris panned a single movie since he started production on his?
Let the old bugger retire with some dignity
i'm old,and  i see all the  Indiana,movies in cinema,
CHRIS PLEASE START DOING HONEST REVIEWS WE KNOW WHAT YOU THINK IS GOOD OR BAD WE HAVE WATCHED YOUR OLD REVIEWS THIS IS SO FUCKING SAD BRO YOU DON'T HAVE TO SHILL TO MAKE MOVIES YOU CAN BE HONEST WITHOUT BEING HARSH YOU ARE LETTING DOWN YOUR AUDIENCE DO YOU EVEN GIVE A SHIT ABOUT US ANYMORE WE LOVE YOU AND THIS AIN'T IT DO BETTER OR JUST STOP 😔
Damn, Disney really got their money's worth purchasing this review!
Victor Lucas @ EPN last week, Dan Murrell yesterday, & now Chris.  That’s all I need. The trailers hadn’t done much for me & the post Cannes noise had me bummed. But now w/ expectations now firmly in check I look fwd to a bit of Indy fun in a theatre one last time for better send off for Dr. Jones after the perfection of riding off into the sunset in LC was undone by the existence of CS.
We all miss Ebert when he died notice how The "ART" in movies left people respected him and Siskel and were afraid of them now all we get is superhero movies and BS
Can we see these fan films anywhere? They look sweet!
Chris - I have been watching your reviews for years and seen your maturity. You have become very wise and your common sense approach to the reviews is refreshing. Great job!
Reviewed by top men… Top, men…
I’m hearing Waller bridge completely ruins this film..
Sorry, Chris, but I think you were too kind; the mere presence of Fleabag isn't something you can talk around, mate, she's such a twat in the trailer. Plus I've never seen a Mangold movie, not one of his titles has appealed to me in the past, most seemed to have silly plots except Ford vs Ferrari
Almost 1000 downvotes, people are really insulted he liked this movie lmao.  Newsflash: Not every creator will satisfy your confirmation bias.
So, the cinematography is much better than Januusz Kaminski. That is great news.
I think I'm one of the few people who liked Crystal Skull, so this one will probably be amazing for me. :)
Was not expecting such a positive review. You convinced me to go see give it a shot! 😁 at least for the cinematics
Mangold is underrated  McQuarrie is super underrated  Lots of good directors that don’t get enough credit
Sorry Chris, I think you like Indy so much, you are being way to nice about this movie.
Lol what a suprise u defend PWB  Another typical girl boss that u dont address
Oh no, i know exactly what you mean with choices in the 3 act :/ well... we will see
This doesn't feel like an honest review. It smacks of desperation to be nice to Disney by offering excuses for all the things everyone else is criticizing.
Some of the best cgi of the past few years was in 1917. I was blown away when I realized the amount of cgi they used in the film, like them walking through no mans land. Incredible.
This movie sucks
Thanks Chris! So excited for this movie now!
I can easily look past the CG deaging flaws - looking forward to watching this!
Whole review felt like you're trying to convince yourself that you liked it. Lol.
I think Chris drank the Kool aid again..Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny should of been called Indiana Jones should of never been dialed in the first place.😂
Oh man. Now I’m torn Chris! 🤔. As an Indy fan.  I probably will still go to see it. I agree though that Mangold IS a great director. 😊. But it seems like. If you mess with the formula TOO much, the formula fails to FULLY work?! 🥴. A real shame. I’m wondering more now though. What becomes of the IP?… 🤔. At least though WE collectively have that GOLDEN sunset on which we can truly rest Harrison’s story arch upon! 🌅. But in the Immortal words of Marion Ravenwood: “Ha!… See ya Later.  Indiana Jones!”… 😊👍
You can guarantee if a film is woke this guy wont address it and won’t say what he really thinks of it. Doesn’t wanna lose subs. Screw this channel and follow the drinker.
I wont support Kathleen Kennedy in any way, I hope this movie TANKS!
You are most positive review so far.  Mangold is a talented director, problem with this film is the budget.
This review is the perfect definition of *"Perfectly balanced, as all things should be"* .  Awesome review, Chris.  I can't wait to watch this movie, rewatch Last Crusade and finally watch the other projects for the first time.  *"Give 'em hell, Indiana Jones!"*
interesting 🤔 now I'm a bit more interested in watching it. There haven been a lot of rumors stating that the movie is sh*t
This has actually made me more excited to see the film. Everyone’s initial reaction was instantly negative and it was met with backlash about how “it isn’t as good as the original trilogy”. I don’t believe it was ever going to be as good. Those movies were cinema at its finest and they are deep rooted in all of our lives. It’s so nice to actually hear a review that criticises it for what it is.
Has Harrison Ford explained why he loves Indiana Jones, but not Han Solo?
Indiana Jones and the "strong female character"
Not watching this. Looking forward to the efap though.
Great review! Haven’t seen it yet but looking forward to it now.🫶🏾🙏🏾
Thank you so much for this review! ❤
Actors and Hollywood don’t really care anymore about there Legacy and Contributions to Film and Entertainment. Look at De Niro just doin horrible movie after horrible movie way outside his wheelhouse. And Harrison doin Indy after Indy when it should have stopped at The Last Crusade. Tarnishing there Legendary Résumés 😂
Audience, contrast this bullshit review with Chris Gore....
Looking forward to watching it now, cheers for honest review
Kathrin Kennedy was too involved so I’m good not seeing it 😂
I think even years ago, long before deep fake and CGI, making an actor look older or younger was generally always a distraction*.  If it's used sparingly it's fine but if the effectiveness of the movie hinges on it, then you have a problem.  * Except for Max von Sydow in The Exorcist. That makeup is still astonishing.
Wokeism sneaks into Disney’s movies so much that it’s distracting… “Capitalism!” LOLOL.
So DOD is worth a watch...cool
It'll be interesting to see how much money it makes... or loses. That being said, people don't pay for or judge  based on... moments or "aspects". At least most people. Not to mention what's to be said with regard to the time and place of events relative to any given film. Maybe it'll age well? Maybe.
Pass watching it so it'll flop & Kennedy can get the boot!
had forgotten about Heavy - lovely film.
well.... I think i watched a whole different movie.
there’s a reason Jerry Seinfeld ended his show while it was number one and then refused to ever do a reboot. Apparently he’s smarter than most film studios.
Nice review Chris, I remember seeing the first Indiana film in London in 1981 with my mum.
I wonder if they de-age/resurrected Sean Connery's likeness.
I dont understand why Harrison Ford wanted Han Solo to die so bad but he's fine with overdoing Indiana Jones when it shouldve never continued past The Last Crusade.
This dude looks so scared of doing a proper review.
"Find some enjoyment on (insert reason)...." - that seems pretty bad as you're basically suggesting that we need to tap into our nostalgia of the original trilogy (yes, there are only three) in order to find some semblance of enjoyment of the film.  I'll wait for it to stream on one of my services when it's "free".
Dial of Destiny is a crappy title
Your review is bad. So many elephants in the room. And you are not reviewing the movie. YOU ARE JUSTIFYING IT!! Why? Are you paid to do that?  Good movie? It's an obvious cash cow. These lazy fast food movies are destroying films as an art form. And you are defending it?  And no, it's not bad choices here and there. Oh but the music is good and a scene... It's bad principles and writing. THE GUYS 80! It's not that he gets tired. Hes too old! He shouldn't be doing it.  And the woman... Again no reason to have her in the movie. We can't have a male protagonist anymore.
I respect the hell out of Chris’s opinion, but he watched a different movie…
Its gonna suck ass, don't be blinded by Harris ford tinted glasses.
Title reminds me of Soap. Dial of Destiny: the ultimate hand cleaner.
4:44 if I tell a friend a movie was “alright” they immediately think it’s bad. 🤦🏾‍♂️
Shill
No way am I watching this trash but thanks for the review.
Sorry dude but this film is pure woke rubbish.
Great breakdown Chris. Seeing Harrison Ford tear up over this being is last Indy movie made me cry!
Chris liking woke garbage and defending it to death? Wow that's a first! I'm shocked!😂
Mutt dying in Vietnam and Indy getting a divorce is crap.... the story should've been about Indy trying to go back in time to save his son.
I binged on the 4 films last week and I remember not liking Crystal Skull when it first released but upon further review I think it’s good. Hollywood is famous for their infamous cash grab but this franchise is pretty good. Love me some Indiana Jones! ❤
Crystal Skull is an excellent underrated masterpiece. Fight Me.
I loved all of them...even the Crystal Skulls....which I believe time will be kinder to....
Has Stuckman ever apologized for his incompetent review of the prequels that was eviscerated by Rick Whorley? Seems like a good time given his comments here, lol.
I don’t want to be jaded, but Kathleen Kennedy has run every other Lucasfilm project into the ground with a bait-and-switch tactic. What they did to Luke and Mad Martigan speaks volumes to me. Now Indiana Jones has a younger, female “counterpart?” I can’t shake the feeling that she’s another Mary Sue who takes every opportunity to belittle, upstage and condescend to our beloved hero.  Again, I don’t want to be jaded, but I’ll feel like a real dupe if I give Lucasfilm more money for another shoe-horned political abortion of a film.  Watching this video has at least put me on the fence. I’ll wait for the spoiler review before I run out to see this. I wanna know what this third-act hiccup is before I give the House of Mouse any more of my hard-earned cash.
This movie is terrible
It is nice to hear a refreshing review instead of the other YT channels he alluded to who are essentially want the old stuff and are the new "get off my movie/comic lawn" crowd.
I've subscribed to this channel based on this review alone. Thoughtful, nuanced and above all else optimistic about what we should look for in movies. It is by far one of the most sockening aspects of cumture today that is the pessimistic hyper-critical sensationalist click-bait nature of movie reviews. And I use the word review lightly. There is hatred and pessimism that borders on insanity on YouTube. A film being fun is seemingly not worth the time. It's masterpiece or turd. Ratings in particular are ridiculously out of sync. Films are art and if there is anything in a film that makes you think or smile - it is a wonderful thing.
Chris cuckmann indeed  How he's devolved is shocking  I'm sure if a DB evolution is released now, he'd bend over backwards to appreciate it...  Truly disappointed
Your bar is set too low
Film storytelling in general is the suspension of disbelief so I feel we should all be able to enjoy this installment. Just like 'Rogue One' may have had Uncanny Valley elements with the Tarkin character or an elderly James Earl Jones voice-over, I still bought into it and immensely enjoy it, and even marvel on how good those elements worked.
Critical Drinker's review really tore this film apart
I will hype myself up during the score at the beginning and will stay in that mindset till the end. I can live with a not-great-but-good- Indiana Jones movie.
Word on the street is, if this movie fails Kathleen Kennedy gets the boot and starwars gets to thrive again. Terrible spot to be in however
Pls do EXTRACTION 2 review. Love your reviews.thnx🤗
Given that Disney is in panic mode after the poor French critic reception at Cannes and the abysmal projections which shows how little interested people are about watching a decrepit hero being overshadow by an obnoxious feminist... I can see how eager is Disney to try to increase these bad ratings.. So I am taking ANY positive talk about Dial of Destiny with a huge GRAIN OF SALT.... I will wait until the movie comes on Disney +.
So is no.5 better than Temple of Doom. Coz Temple wasnt that great.
Chris still has a full head of hair. Good for him.
Modern audiences  accept a much lower quality of movie  the days . So much dumbed down. Poor kids have little choice with the options offered.Gone is fine dinning ,all that's left is fast food.
Well, the good news is my expectations couldn't be tempered any more than they are 😂
I want to see Chris and Critical Drinker have a movie discussion together and bet on who will punch the other first
You are blinded by your love of Indie as evidenced by your lifelong obsession. You failed to see all of the problems which you normally see in objective reviews of other movies. You would have more respect if you started this assessment with “I am totally biased and should recuse myself from any objectivity and am speaking from a totally subjective perspective.” “And hang on a second while I get dressed in my Indian Jones Halloween costume while conducting this totally fanboy review.”
It just doesn't work for me. Indiana Jones was always a high action film and when the main actor looks like he should be in a wheelchair (exaggerated but figuratively speaking) I just can't get into it anymore...
Your review is touching, credible, intelligent, sensible, balanced and of a professionalism which, as usual, honors you. I'm sure the great Roger Ebert would look at you with the eyes of a spiritual father. All of your allusions to Maestro John Williams hit the emotional target every time (is there a single soul who doesn't appreciate the works of John Williams?). As for the quality of the special effects, I believe that the advent of computer-based digital effects is to be blamed. Since ''Terminator 2'' basically, we are conditioned to expect perfection. The slightest anomaly will tickle our attention. I grew up in the seventies and eighties. We were much more tolerant back then because we knew the limits and appreciated the effort and passion put into it. We could see that it was stop-motion, matte painting, puppets, etc... but we thought it was cool anyway and we appreciated the resemblance. Computer effects have greatly helped cinema but have also dehumanized it in a certain sense. I will always prefer the Yoda puppet, articulated and animated by Frank Oz, more than the digitized version, as realistic as it might be. Just like I prefer reading a real book than its digitized version. Can we today watch a film filled with special effects and simply appreciate the effort without focusing on the slightest anomaly? As for the character of Phoebe Waller-Bridge, I have not yet seen the film but, of course, what I hear does not delight me. I absolutely hate anything that is, directly or indirectly, Woke, falsely progressive and exaggeratedly feminist. And believe me, I LOVE Sarah Connor, Leia, Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman, Ripley, Rey, Marion and the Halliwell witch sisters! I admire Michelle Obama and I love the tenacity of Tulsi Gabbard, for example. All this to say that when feminism and progressivism is logical, healthy and honest, it is a plus for films and humanity (Audrey Hepburn, Cate Blanchett, Kate Winslet...). But when it's forced, indoctrinated and politicized, it's not for the good of movies and humanity at all! It destroys and divides (Brie Larson, Kathleen Kennedy and, apparently, Phoebe Waller-Bridge). That's what Disney and Marvel have been doing for two, three years. They rot everything they touch. This is what I read and hear about Indy 5 and Phoebe Waller-Bridge. She is not there for the sake of the script but to indoctrinate. Even some frecnh newspapers have said it. This is another female character from Disney who, rather than complementing the male hero, crushes him, renders him useless, stupid and relegates him to the background. That's not what Sarah Connor, Leia, Lois Lane or Marion were doing with Kyle Reese, Han Solo, Superman or Indy. That's not even what Wonder Woman is doing with Steve Tremor. After seeing the film, if I was completely wrong, I will be the first to admit it and praise the character of Phoebe Waller-Bridge. More power to her and good for all of us! But in light of what I hear from Kathleen Kennedy and Ms. Waller-Bridge themselves, unfortunately, I don't think I'm all that wrong. Anyways, we'll see. If you read this far, thank you. If you didn't, well... God bless you anyway.
I clicked on this for a movie review instead you just complain about a bunch of non-sense not even related to the movie for half the video
Is it out yet?
Me too Chris. I'm a big Indy fan and usually I binge the old movies leading to the new one. Nothing can compare to the original trilogy. It's perfect! 😊
I've only seen the trailers yet, but for now, i must say that i didn't notice CGI too much in the deaging.... it looks way better than Luke Skywalker to me.
Sounds by his hesitation, considered words, and the length of the video that this movie is about a 6/10
I’m glad to hear you gush about John Williams cuz from what I can recall rise of skywalker’s score was blehhhh. Not his fault cuz how could you make inspiring music from that, but good good.
I really like how level-headed chris is about movies he always seems incredibly honest about his opinions and biases and doesn't try to be needlessly flashy with his reviews like so many other channels.
Regarding focusing on de-aging, it's a bit similar to looking at Gary Oldman in Darkest Hour. :-)
4:09- 4:53 blame the grifters online who make film discourse toxic in fandoms specifically (you know who I'm talking about)
The problem with de-aging, and this applies to CGI VFX in general, is that anything put in a computer model does not move as we would expect it to move in real life. Not even mocap solved that problem fully. It does not bother us when it is aliens or the Na'vi from Avatar because out eyes don't have a real-life baseline. However, when you put a young Harrison Ford on screen, our subconscious automatically kicks in, looking for facial queues and body movements, which are missing. You can build a 100% accurate image of Indy in a computer, but the minute it moves, our brains say "No."
Dear Chris be so good and don't glorify shit. I suggest you watch "The Last Crusade" again.
we dont' want another shitty sequel starring old farts, we want new original movies made by new up and coming directors!
How much did Disney pay you to praise this?
The first act on the train will be an excellent mini-Indy movie. The rest of the movie will be a fun adventure movie with Indy in it. The thing is, though, I understand it - my childhood hero is now 80 years old.
Part of the issue was treating Indiana 5 in the same vein as Star Wars,where they felt they *needed* a final installment that was more reflective in a dramatic series.  Thing is... Indiana Jones has never been a dramatic multi part series in the same way that Star Wars was. Lucas and Spielberg always wanted to approach it as a standalone anthology series similar to James Bond.  And besides, you could argue that the much maligned KOTCS was the more 'final, reflective' type of film that DOD was trying to be, but it still tried to treat itself as just another adventure with some  optimism with Indy and Marions marriage at the end.
Only man on the planet that loved Crystal skull. Right here 🙋🏽‍♂️
I genuinely like Crystal Skull and feel it's a classic Indy adventure. But Dial of Destiny is clearly another case of "Let's make the male hero look pathetic to hype up his female replacement".
This review gives me the same beating around the bush vibes that the Death Stranding reviews had, trying to convince that the product wasn’t an utter disappointment.
I feel like you're being too nice to this dumpster fire. But hey.
Chris is scrapping the barrel, to find something good to say about the movie. At the end, it will be another overpriced fan film, made by people that don't understand the original character. Don't expect originality, good story-telling, or care given to the original intellectual property of Lucas and Spielberg.
they’re 100% gonna have a woman-led series called Indy-Anna Jones (possibly 2 last names) which is why they keep making movies
Trash movie.
Love, how he‘s passively battling Critical Drinker and others like him
The biggest mistake this series made was not following the Bond model.  We could've had like 12 Indy movies with Harrison!!
Chris is going woke
Mangold is amazing. I did vfx on Wolvie with him and he's an amazing director and human. So excited to see this.
I LOVE how much you say “my” mom. It’s so sweet.
Even though I liked them at first, reviewers like the critical drinker, endymion etc. are basically spreading hate on the internet. Once I started watching them the amount of hate recommendations was huge. Thanks youtube...
Just cast Chris Pratt and reboot it, he can reuse the jw wardrobe. Indy should have ended with the third movie.
gay t-shirt
I would call J. Mangold more a B-Movie director and not a class A one. Thats why noone on the planet knows his name but many people know some of his stuff.
I can about imagine how the 3rd act was impacted based on the year long delay and major rewrites.  I suppose it's a small victory for the fans based on all the rumors that Indy would have been erased completely.  It's too bad the Spielberg backed out..obviously because he didn't like was KK was going to do with the character.
Great review. Honestly, the comparison to 'Jason Bourne' perfectly sets my expectations. That was not a bad film, it just wasn't essential.
If they'd made the whole film with de-aged Harrison Ford, and if they'd dropped THE FEMINIST, this might actually have been a pretty decent piece of entertainment.
You're too kind to this movie. This is a mediocre movie, just say that.
Hi Chris, do you think you can do youtube shorts versions where you give the movies 1 out of 3 stars?     Just kidding my man. Keep up the great work. The only reviewer I trust.
You shouldn’t have to temper your expectations from this huge of a franchise, this huge of a movie studio, this acclaimed a directory, this acclaimed a writer. A good film should be the bare minimum Chris.
OK Chris creamed his pants over Force Awakens and the fact that he’s not doing that here tells me that this movie is a shitbomb.
So glad he always gives credit to the music - so many film reviewers treat the music as a non-issue, but man it makes a huge difference to have an excellent score. Thanks for always keeping the music in mind!
the fact that this video is more defensive about the movie speaks volumes.. this movie sounds horrible.
Sorry, I just can’t take your review seriously…
I would love a Saturday morning cartoon style Indiana Jones series.
The whole point of this movie was to upstage another classic male character, and since it's Lucas Film, you know KK has got her grubby feminist fingers all over it.  This shouldn't be a surprise given how many other franchises have been ruined by the House of Mouse.
It goes woke. AGAIN! The Mary Sue outshines the lead.
As far as I’m concerned there are only 2 Indiana Jones movies: Raiders of the Lost Ark and a prequel called Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
What the hell is Chris smoking? This movie looks extremely ugly. Everything has an extremely artifical look, obvious green screen everywhere. This is not classic Indy, which is marked by real sets & real locations with INCREDIBLE stunts, none of which are present here.
Sounding a little shilly here
Chris has become a vanilla boy begging for mainstream appeal and industry approval. That's what's happens when you're going down the Hollywood route.
Not even going to see it.
Sell-out! 🤢🤮
Better villain than Temple of Doom? Temple of Doom for me has arguably the best villain!
great review! thank you!
The CGI from the previews was horrendous; it’s a pass for me.
Nvr should’ve been made,it’s garbage
I partly disagree about the de-aging point. I feel like for myself and most people, if you think it looks good, you don’t focus on it after the first 5 minutes. However, like Chris said, if it’s bad, you focus on it for almost the entire time
Harrison Ford is 80.....80.....he took another pay check for another pointless sequel to a franchise that should have been rebooted with a younger actor. If you're needing to de-age the lead actor for scenes do the smart thing and cut the scene or use it as a wake up call to re-write the film to actually fit the actors age???
I just wanna say I really appreciate and respect the honesty in this review. I can see a lot of growth in chris just going from his Crystal Skull review to this one 💪
I used to not like Crystal Skull, but I’ve warmed to it over the last few years, so the fact that Chris says it’s better than CS I take as a positive. I liked the trailers but the early reviews made me really pessimistic. So as long as Harrison’s good in it and I enjoy I’ll consider that a win.
Loved it when you talked about mom. Relatable.
John Williams.
Really you're ok with the noticibly bad de-aging special effects, even tho this is one of the most expensive movies ever made?  You're obviously a shill.  Lot of yall out there now a days. Too bad.
I still like Crystal skull despite what all y’all say about it. Doesn’t go against his character
More than fair points, very well spoken.
The interesting thing is that Deep Fake does de-aging better than CGI right now.
Chris is a Huge Fan of Indiana Jones so I completely understand and respect why he'd want to review the movie,  regardless I'm still not going to see it
‘I hate how people are so binary with movie reviews’  *gives binary positive review*
Indiana is by far my favorite character of all time. Really hoping this is a decent send off for him....
I love your reviews , there honest and trustworthy, and after watching this, I have no reason to pay to see this film.
So take that all the men who are complaining non-stop that this is going to be woke Garbage 🗑️🙎🏻👊😆😁👍
You officially got I'm ready for this at the cinema
There are three Indiana Jones movies. It isn't possible to add more.
I’m going to be on an island with this one, but I actually enjoyed the kingdom of the crystal skull 😂
If Chris Directors talents are as good as his movie critic talents.... yeah I don't see his movies coming off the ground.
Indy ended at Last Crusade. Crystal Skull is just a Lucas/Spielberg fan film. Dial of Destiny is unfortunately just Indy's Greatest Hits. Like Disney Star Wars rehash. Don't Drink the Kool-Aid on Dial.
Thank you Chris you always give the best reviews I appreciate the time you take my friend
When you announced you wouldn't do negative reviews anymore, I was afraid that meant you'd only review films which were raves, which would make the channel pretty boring because then anytime you posted a review we'd automatically know the review was positive. I'm happy you're still willing to review films where, even if the film is positive or in the middle somewhere, you're still willing to talk about. Plus, given your history with this franchise, it'd have been weird if you hated it and didn't review. Glad you mostly enjoyed it, though.
So, find enjoyment in nostalgia? I prefer a good movie, and if it is an Indiana Jones movie, I prefer a great movie. At least we have the first three.
Let me guess. Stuckman enjoyed it. He’s a huge fan. He respects the filmmaker. He appreciates the artistic integrity. It wasn’t as bad as crustal skull. He enjoyed seeing Indiana Jones return. It didn’t touch the first 3. yada yada yada
Comparing this film with Jason Bourne 5 is a major turn off for me.  I was not expecting much from that movie and I still left the theatrer disapointed.
James Mangold has a very interesting filmography. It would make for a very nice weekend to binge watch his films.
They honestly could’ve just got a younger actor to do the prologue but idk maybe people would’ve been mad about that
What they did with Indy made me think they straight up hate the character.
The Indiana Jones trilogy was one of the best series ever made with The Last Crusade being the perfect ending.  Just don't understand why the studio want to force out more and more movies when they knows it won't be as good. Really speaks about the whole industry as a whole.   Nevertheless, I really hope Shelby Oaks gets a theatrical release! Chris, you deserve it!
And this Phoebe gal is going to play Laura Croft in the next Tomb Raider?  Wtf.
Indiana Jones this month and Mission Impossible next month. Great days.
Thanks for this.  I was on the fence about seeing this movie.  Seeing you talk about it was the push I needed to makeup my mind.  I'll be checking it out for sure.
Then you are kind of lucky with your mom being like that! My mom is just as critical movie/series watcher like me, and our phone calls are 50% of the time about these things… Don’t get me wrong it is cool because she over 65 now, but she’s not always enjoying stuff in the current state of most stuff these days… And i just want her to not waste her time!
Maverick showed that you could do a movie about a beloved character without making them sad and decrepit.  For whatever reason Kathleen Kennedy and the dopes at Disney obviously have an axe to grind with established white male characters. Obviously. No cya can cover this. It's hurting ip after ip.
A great review. But after “Indy Meets The Aliens” really disappointed me I can’t sit through this. For me Indy rode off into the sunset in “Last Crusade” . Thank you for a really great review yet again. 👍👍  Btw, James Mangold is s superb director. COP LAND is amazing.
Lol, of course Chris said he liked it. Kathleen Kennedy is the destroyer of franchises, and top critics on Rotten Tomatoes have this at 45%. Chris should be ashamed of himself, lowering his expectations so much that he can still say this is a good film. This is hot trash.
Kicking off the weekend getting Stuckmannized!
I've spent the last 15 years pretending Crystal Skull never existed.  I'm gonna hard pass on this film.
I remember loving Crystal Skull until the Alien showed up and it made me cringe.
I never understood the hate for Crystal Skull.. So hopefully I really enjoy this one.
Chris Stuckmann do more video game reviews specifically old school and super mario odyssey
Indy forever 🎥👌👌👌
It's a movie about shitting on Indy. And trying to replace him with an INSUFFERABLE new lead. This is NOT more Indiana Jones. It's not even a matter of "difference of opinions". One person points at the sun and says "It's the sun", another does the same thing and says "no it's not", then kicks a baby in the face and sets a puppy on fire. Enjoy. Because if you are the kind of person that truly enjoys this venomous and spiteful garbage, then you are the second kind of person.   OR A LIAR.
Crystal Skull is not bad so im glad to hear that this is better.
How did I not know about this? Seriously, was this not advertised or what?
Stevie? Get her name right!
Can't wait for this movie!
Oh Chris how the tide has turned nobody under the age of 21 knows what a Roger Ebert is.
It's one way of saying go force yourselves to watch a below average movie.
The mouse is dead. Disney+ purging a bunch of movies because they can't afford the copyrights. Enjoy less content for the same price.
James Mangold is sooooo underrated
Sorry Chris, I already had my mind made up about this film about a year ago. (Thanks to youtube-ers like Doomcock) This one is going to suck. And I hope it fails miserably. I hope KK is fired for ruining Indy, Star Wars and Lucasfilm!
This is a extremely fair review. This is why I love this channel.
Usually find myself pretty much in agreement with Chris on most films, so ‘a good Indiana Jones film’ is all I really needed to hear. Let’s face it, a ‘good’ Indy is better than 99% of everything else, so I’m delighted this ranks as a fitting send off.
I’ve been watching Chris’ movie reviews for at least a couple years now and find them engaging. However, I find it strange that Chris never reviews serious movies such as, for example, Tár. Instead, he seems to be more focused upon  “roller coaster or video game movies”, that is movies where the over the top action never stops and it is more like being on a roller coaster or playing a video game than watching a real movie.
re: the CG de-aging... another alternative would have been JUST GET ANOTHER ACTOR. They did it in Last Crusade! River Phoenix was great! In addition to not being weird and bad, it gives them a chance to extend the franchise: if somebody is super good, they can play the part if/when Harrison Ford is not available.
They should have brought back Short Round
I think crystal skull would have been a million times better if it wasn't about aliens
Like or Dislike: Neutral. This worries me. The fact that Stuckman is willing to tolerate mediocrity suggests he has lowered his standards. A filmmaker's standards should be uncompromising.
But do they mention Mutt?
Haven't seen a Stuckman review this long Ina while, we're in for a treat!
Come on, this is the most woke crap ever.. (and in case you were wondering, that is why reviews isn't what they used to be, movies have become incredibly morally/politically lecturing to people from this far leftist neo-progressive perspective, and regular folks just are not having that!)
My favorite character, in film, is Damian Karras.
Massive budget, talented actors, and a fifth movie in an existing IP… we should *absolutely* be expecting HIGH QUALITY from film productions of this size. There’s no excuse, not when films with budgets around a tenth of this movie’s size can be nearly perfect. Everything Everywhere had a $25 million budget, this movie has a $300 million budget. No excuses. Stop protecting these creatively devoid big budget blockbusters, and stop giving them money.
Why did they make this?
This movie sucks, it’s not even going to make 50mil. The female actress is a horrible actor.
Okay still not convinced to buy that ticket so I'll wait for Mr H and Mr No Alcohol Required to post their reviews ... the major problem for me with Indy post 1-3 is the entire idea of Indiana Jones was to have a youngish adventurer as the adventure serials it was based on... you never had an 80 year old cast as Mr Adventure waaaay back - shoulda ended at 3
Good on you, Chris.
This was awesome, thank you for a great review.🎉
I did like the aliens in the Crystal Skull and never understood why so many people were moaning about it so much.
Kathleen Kennedy destroys another franchise.
Guy literally saw a man punch into chests take people's hearts, saw a man get the life sucked out of him, see his father's wounds be magically healed and see aliens combine into one and shoot off into outer space...but he's still a skeptic 🤨
There’s no Shelby Oaks without Indiana Jones
I think Chris Pratt couldve been a good Indana Jones
Sorry mate. You were once a great reviewer but as the years passed, you became seen as a schill. Now you are trapped trying to explain  it away. Ficus on the art design and ignore the writing.
My whole thing is... why should we be charitable to an industry that is just lazy and not creative anymore... like yeah you can find the "good things" about a sub-par movie but why waste our time saying "hey! They did this right at least!" Yeah and they did so many more things wrong. Not a comment on this movie in particular but most films coming out today. I dont think they really deserve this level of charity in my opinion. Then if someone on YouTube doesnt like a movie for reasons then they are just negative and hateful. I mean... are they wrong though?
this has to be the most carefully worded review of all time
I've never understood the idea that even absolute dogshit sequels could "ruin" the original film/s. The originals are *right there*. The way you ruin the original movies is by dropping in a ton of unnecessary dated-at-release CGI, erase an entire voice performance, add-in extraneous deleted scenes, and then make those versions the only ones publicly available, *George*.
I’m 100% sure that watching your head smoke while trying to schill for this garbage is more entertaining than the actual movie
Did anyone miss this release entirely? I hadn't seen this/heard of it at all, not even once.
Im just glad that they didn’t do what Phoebe Waller-Bridge supposedly originally wanted. Apparently she wanted to have her character and Indy reach the Dial of Destiny, go back in time and then Indiana dies and she goes through all of the original adventures going by the name Indiana Jones and she ends up being the hero of the series. This was gonna lead to a TV show with her
😂😂🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Chris! Please review The Machine!
.... Very good review today! Bravo.
I remember hilariocity of Chris home video of Indiana Jones 🤣
I think to much is made of de-aging I think it looks fine in all the movies I have seen it in and it keeps getting better! I heard one reviewer say it's the best de-aging we have seen yet!
Listen pal, ot does not matter if the movei looks great, or has good music or has fan service. If the movie does not resowct the main character and the plot the previous movie set up, then it's all for shit. This movie & Chrystal skull are both garbage.   Holly shit your reviews have become so safe & ass kissing. Stop doing it man if your are not going to be brutal towards hollywood just because you don't wann piss off a studio that you might work with in future.
Am I the only one that likes crystal skull?
Chris I love how you have progressed as a human after leaving Jeho's Cult having left a Chinese knock-off myself. However, the self-awareness you have has not fully translated to your movie knowledge and appreciation of history. Phoebe is absolutely the worst thing to happen to Indy. This is HER movie, and Indy gets TAKEN for a ride. Phoebe is a Kathleen self-insert, and everything Phoebe touches dies like James Bond. And Kathleen is next on the block. Just because you make films even when you were still in the cult doesn't mean your opinions are valid... there's an entire back catalogue of movies that serve as inspiration. Parroting the mainstream is not what movie-making is about like many of your other reviews... don't turn into Beyond The Trailer unless you want to be laughed at for being in the brainwashed neolib cult.......
Does this review contain spoilers? I don't want press play on it, if so.
thats good enough, as long as its better than crystal skull..
Very long review. I miss those 7-8 minute movie reviews of a single movie.
I love, love, love Indi.   But I lost a part of my soul watching #4. I’m scared of loosing the other part watching this one.
Yeah heard that Dial of Disaster is pretty good for first 20 minutes, Classic Indiana Jones Action made possible by de-aging technology, but that’s not worth paying for a movie ticket when the next 2 hours is total garbage when the turns into this awful cringe worthy woke feminist disappointment where Harrison takes on a minor role. Phoebe Waller Bridge becomes centre of attention for rest of the movie she is a totally unlikeable character turning the show into a total  cliched disappointment. People should ignore this paid review. Collapse
Re: the de-aging, I think Chris is giving the audience too much film maker perspective. Most of the audience will notice, but with many effects scenes in movies, the audience gets on with enjoying the story and takes in everything at “face” value. Ie. Suspension of disbelief to enjoy a story. If audiences couldn’t do that we wouldn’t have a history of genre cinema. Doctor Who would have died in the early 70’s with their top tier affects and costumes. The one example that jumped out at me with a jarring WTF was Leia in Rogue 1. That was a misstep, because it takes place in a movie with so much flawless CGI, it betrayed it’s own world it was built on. Strangely enough they did a lot better with Tarkin in the same movie so it seemed they did Leia last minute, on a tight budget. Also well argued is they didn’t need to show her face for the scene to work. Just shoot an actress with the iconic hair from the back and have them turn just a little to acknowledge. All in all, if the writing and acting is good like Chris said it was in those scenes, you won’t be focused on the CGI faces.
Chris talks about “nuance” then once again ignores Disney’s forced ideologies into all of these movies and their tendency to ruin everything they touch. Once again too scared to ruffle any feathers in the movie industry because he’s desperate to be director in Hollywood. Who knows what his actual opinions are. I haven’t seen this yet but I have a nagging feeling it’s going to be another stinking turd from Disney. Hope I’m wrong.
8 : 18 you sing indie dramas sounds like an accidental pun.
Basically its an average Indian Jones movie at best.
Yea...this review is...different...I think he's buffering due to him being a filmmaker now and it's affecting his ability to critique the movie...that's evident due to 5 mins in the beginning of the review lol but still love this content...I feel like you're holding back punches
Oh Please! The movie is so, so bad. Another "Woke" movie. Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny is the worst reviewed film in the Harrison Ford franchise. You are sainig its a great movie, but "dont expect too much, it has some issues, and temper your expectations"...thta means its NOT a great move. Btw, I dont believe for a moment that one of your favourite actors is Mads Mikkelsen. You probably first heard of him in Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore. In conclusion Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny is a bad movie. P.S. Nice shirt ;)
im so grateful for having you to come and get an honest review about a movie Chris.  I was very excited just by the trailer of this movie. there was something that made me feel they had some of that magic back. but all the negative press that may be valid in some way made lose interest.  i wanna watch it now and im going to. With open mind
You always give a fair and balanced review.  I'll be totally honest - I did not even know this film was being made or released until a couple of days ago! You know how I found out? Someone uploaded a video being very negative about it, which is the norm these days.   Movies are panned by petty hate mobs playing left vs right before they're even released these days. People don't watch films for the same reasons they used to...they either watch or don't based on nonsense.  Thing about the crystal skull and the fridge thing...I saw that film a while after it came out, it was alright...people talk like it's 2 hours of paint drying and awful but it isn't, it just isn't amazing. As for the fridge thing...I get it, it's silly, but we're talking about a series of film where an ark was opened and peoples faces melted...and they found the holy grail and met an 800 or so year old monk.  I'd assert that suspensionof belief was always a prerequisite for most movies, same with the star wars stuff...people need to realise this is based on fantasy and not real life.  You nailed it, though - you can't ever hope to recapture that nostaliga and magic you felt as a boy watching these films...it's not a realistic expectation, you're not a kid any more - you are likely to be more cynical, judgemental...if you can't leave your hangups at the door before you go in.  I always appreciated Indy because I was obsessed with the Tintin comics as a kid and remembered reading how Spielberg was a huge fan and had bought the rights to make the film - when I saw the film after 30 years of waiting for this film I wasn't exactly happy with the result, it looked nice but liberties were taken.  I didn't complain, boycott, steamroll or upload videos about it. Had I saw it as a kid when I was just discovering those comics for the first time I'd have been absolutely loving it.   I'll watch this movie, I agree that it does look beautiful and I've nothing to lose, it looks fun and who doesn't want to see Harrison Ford in that costume again? It's iconic, the man is class, always was.
Yea I like Indy 4 and also hate it. It’s literally 50/50. Hopefully it’s actually good like story wise.
This is why no one knows him, he's done so many kinds of film, you can't be like, this is a James Mangold Film, clearly :)
Love or hate this film, one great thing came out of its existence: Harrison Ford and Ke Huy Quan’s interactions on the red carpet. That was just super wholesome!
If I asked my mom who the director of this movie was she probably say oh that dick who messed up Indiana Jones ? Right after Spielberg ruined him in the Kingdom of the Crystal skull. Not to be a negative Nelly Just being honest.
This is the most positive take I've experienced to date on this film.  I wonder what your take would be if this was an independent film.
James Mangold is a good director for hire. He isnt a stylist like QT, Marty or Michael Mann. Thats why some would be more aware of them in comparison to JM.
Nostalgia can only take you so far
Completely, utterly, wholeheartedly agree. Criticism of entertainment, movies in particular, have become politicised. I can guess without looking that "Critical Drinker" hates this because he's looking at it from an anti Woke stance. The love for simply bathing in a movies world is disappearing. And yes, some movies after you've allowed them to wash over you make you feel meh. But that's fine. Move on. Forget about it. Find something that cleanses your soul. But youtube is filled with people who want everything to be garbage because it gives them something to use to tell the rest of us that Hollywood is Woke and crap and hates us. And it's great for their channel. I just want to watch movies.
POS soyboy troll
Thanks Chris i trust you , too many grifters out there to get real opinions
Just like the director of that crappy fantastic Four , with Miles Teller movie that came out I heard this director should be exiled as well.
New movies, for the most part (except SISU), suck because society is divided and it is intentional.  People can't just go to a movie today and enjoy it, they have to dissect it and count diversities to find it acceptable.  It is so bad that the Oscars can now only go to movies that meet some quota.  This does not bode well because it will force all movies to have a certain number of A, B, C, and D or it won't get funding.  I am afraid the era of good movie-making is done in the US and UK.  We will all have to rely on S. Korea and others to bring it all back.
Sorry chris but the biggest reason by far that indy is so universally loved is because the original trilogy had, for the most part, become synonymous with top tier practical effects and set building, story crafting, writng and most importantly it being easy to believe that indy could pull all of it off. Crystal skull completely went away from that formula and DOD more than lkely will do the same.
I still stand by that Crystal Skull is pretty solid until you get to the jungle escape with the monkeys. The movie just plummets in quality from there.
Its hard not to notice the de aging since you know he's been de.aged.  but you just have to go with it in a way. But having seen some of the Irishman I can say there are moments when Robert de Niro does not look right.
I remember watching the first Indy in a packed theater. I have never seen so many people so happy to be simply watching a movie in a theater.
I clicked on this immediately!  I appreciate your honesty; I was hoping it would be a great send-off for the series, but perhaps the expectations for it are impossibly high. I will try to manage my expectations going in to it and just enjoy it as a "good movie".
I remember every scene from the first three. Skull, I hardly remember one scene. 🤦‍♂️
0:58
Hm, I wasn't all that excited for this one after some of the things I saw, but after hearing Chris talk about it I think I'll go see it. Chris is the internet movie guy with tastes most aligned with mine, so if he liked it, I think I'll like it, too. Can't wait for Shelby Oaks!
Well, regarding de-aging, the filmmakers could've done what others have done for ages... hiring a different actor.  Any film featuring this technology has only served to distract me.  Practical effects still rule.  As others have mentioned, if you can tell that CGI has been used, it's not doing it's job.
Dishonesty thy name is Stuckmann. What happened to you?
What I'm hearing is that this is a fairly bad Indiana Jones movie, but a "fun" movie at times. The thing is, if I pay to see an Indiana Jones movie, I want a GOOD Indiana Jones movie, not a movie that has "fun" or "well shot" moments in it. Indiana Jones ended after the third movie, this is just trodding out the corpse of the franchise for a payday.
.... You're right!!!!!! Roger Ebert got to core of the film in his film reviews. Mr. Ebert was a MASTER.
It's sad for me to say, but I'm done with rehashing my childhood. I don't care if this is one of the best movies ever made. I'm not going to see it in theaters and will not pay to see the movie as a form of personal protest. These companies need to understand that it's time to move on and create original and unique content
Getting this dude mixed with movieblob
Even your positive sound like negatives , it's almost as like you're saying I love sticking my ankle and foot in an open bear trap.
8:09 he does indie dramas and indy dramas
Crystal Skull is overly criticised for no fucking reason.
I’m one of the few who had never seen a Indiana jones movie, they played at my house countless times but I never actually sat down to fully watch one, I never understood the character, and only knew Harrison as Han Solo, but i officially bought tickets to see harrison ford on the big screen again, and I’m about to start the franchise 4 days before I smog see this movie
Harrison Ford has the unique honor (ha) of portraying two of my favorite characters:  Indiana Jones and Han Solo.  A sentiment no doubt shared by many.  Star Wars and Raiders of the Lost Ark also happen to be two of my favorite films.
Always refreshing to hear your honest and genuine takes, especially from a franchise you personally hold dear.  Can’t wait for Shelby Oaks!  ~_~
There's a video out there about all the subtle CG that was used in Mindhunters, a character-driven show with no monsters, lasers or huge action set pieces. It's a very compelling case for the tasteful integration of CG effects in film.
Actually the character is 70 in the movie since it takes place in 1969 and his birth year is 1899 according to that one tv series
Chris,  thank you for this review. Your level-headed take is a breath of fresh air. Rant time: I hate it when people say the refrigerator scene in Kingdom of the Crystal Skull brings them out of the movie because it is so unrealistic. What? Temple of Doom Indie jumps out of an airplane with the raft lands on a mountain and survives. In the same movie a dude gets his heart ripped out, its still beating, and he lives long enough to be lowered into a lava pit and is consumed by fire. What about the Nazi face melting scene in Raiders. Is that "realistic"? I remember that I went to see crystal skull with a nephew of mine, he was 10, and he thought it was amazing.
This was produced by Kathleen Kennedy, so it'll be completely trashed by audiences far more than Crystal Skull, regardless of how good or bad it is
I love ❤❤ Chris reviews. But, I can’t wait to see what Grace Randolph is going to say. Most likely, “it doesn’t work “
Oh he has directed a lot of good films, and Knight and Day
Coping McCoperton copes his way through a review so that he doesn't have to talk shit on a bloated overrated filmmaker whom he considers underrated, because of his mom? Weird review.
Indiana Jones should have had different actors and variants like James Bond. With Last Crusade as the end of Harrison Ford's tenure.
Good movies are good. Bias doesn’t make a bad movie good. And if you put a turd on an ice cream cone it doesn’t make it two scoops of chocolate. Better than crystal skulls is not high praise. 😂
"She has no idea what Rotten Tomatoes is..." Genius. @killthecatradio
Okay so there a only a few Youtube movie reviewers I'd listen to and take their word for it to decide if I go see this at cinema or for the first time wait for an Indy movie to stream ...
I’m guessing the scene that “most people won’t like” is Fleebag taking Indy’s hat. The SJW’s really do ruin everything they touch.
Chris that father figure is bull...I mean we already saw that with the Transformers kid.
Wow thanks for the review. What i appreciate is that you said it was good even though almost everyone else is coming down negativily on it. What i think is interesting is that you and chris gore who is another reviewer who i respect also in indie film split so much on the film. You really liked the production design and directing however he hates the writing and phoebe. I think also the idea of deconstructing harrison ford rubs people the wrong way. Seeing him as alone and a drunk old man is very divisive.
I'm so glad that review channels still exist here that aren't obsessed with jumping at shadows and running from boogeyman of their own creation in the form of anti-woke culture war moral hysteria. Like you said, the art of good film review is increasingly being lost and replaced with pontificating opinion pieces about ideas and issues completely inconsequential to the quality of the film itself ... But they call themselves reviews. Even film criticism gets confused with film review frequently. And film criticism has become yet also another victim of the moral hysteria mentioned above. Anyway, thanks for providing such a great channel of content for balanced and nuanced film review that tries to get to the essential nub of each film, irrespective of whatever lame controversy has been spun up about it on social media and reactionary YouTube. It's a rare thing nowadays.
So what happened to Indy's son played by Shia La Beouf? Is his goddaughter going to be more important than his own son moving forward?
wants to die as han solo, but not jones
I wish short round was the “ sidekick “ :(
Ok, so Youre an Indiana Jones Nerd.  Haha
Yes so far I've heard the movie is one of the worst movies ever unfortunately.
Since IMDB "inexplicably" changed its rating system, better not to know about it now.🤦‍♂️🤣
Just glad to see a genuine review from someone who isn’t looking to grift off rage-bait
today is a day that I wish Chris still gave grades in his film reviews
PWB is going to lead Indy around by the nose.  She is going to be the person who knows it all and is lusted after by guys (even though she isn't attractive in looks or personality) and she is going to drag and old and beaten down Indy around.  The action will be well staged because Mangold is a really good director for hire guy.
Kolejny krytyk który sprzedał się disneyowi
No monkey chase.  Sounds like we got something similar?
2 more weeks away i cannot wait
And on the comic-book front Logan maybe the best comic book movie ever made
I enjoyed the first 20 min. The rest was not great.  Phoebe Waller is terrible
The reason they keep making unnecessary reboots and sequels, is because people buy tickets to go see them.   People need to vote with their dollars, so to say. But Im completely done buying into the rinse and repeate of modern big budget movies. I dont care if I grew up with the IP, I cant mindlessly consume the current Hollywood products.  I dont care if they have to pigeonhole their political beliefs or the culture war climate. (This is something different entirely.) The films are just garbage for the lowest common denominator.  'Ohhhh! Nostalgia! Ohhhh! Shiny CGI!'
So you are saying this is not good or awful. Got it.  So it sucks 😂
I appreciate you and Dan Murrell for having a measured and thoughtful approach to this film.
luckly i dont seem to be bothered by de aging
if phoebe waller bridge takes over for indy in any way, i’m not seeing this movie. point blank period.
Would have made more sense for Indy's ACTUAL offspring to be involved BUT kathy can't have that because Indy had a son and "men bad".
Any chance you could do a second draft to your movie's title? Shelby Oaks sounds like a retirement home title. Perhaps something like they did with Nightmare on Elm Street. It wasn't just Elm Street :) Looking forward to your movie!
I actually saw some leaked scenes from Shelby Oaks and I thought the sex scene involving the reindeer went really well.
I feel Mr Stuckman might just have been turned to the dark side of Shills...
Chris sounds like your typical paid shill. “It looks great….it’s beautifully shot…the score is amazing….” Barely any mention of plot or honoring the character to previous lore. Shameful
"Pretty good" is not how I want my Indiana Jones movie. Skip.
So it's shit but you give it a pass because of nostalgia? makes sense. will wait for VOD. (and yeah, Kingdom was an absolute turd, so this one being better doesnt say much)
I’m just tired of movies where the supposed hero is just the supporting role overall. It’s no different from all the recent Marvel and Star Wars shows and movies like LOKI, HAWKEYE, THOR L&T, and OBI-WAN. They should just drop their reference an an INDY 5 at all since the adventure will be carried out by Fleabag on the upcoming movies. I think I’m done with American films. I already shifted to foreign films where the stories are original, epic and entertaining. SISU is one of them.
Indiana Jones and the Destruction by Disney
Figured this wokester would simp out for this feminist flop.
The de-aging process could be improved a few years from now in a special edition os something so it's not a huge problem if the practical part of the movie is good.
Hard fucking pass. There are only 3 indy films
Gość albo nie widzi prawdy albo nie chce o niej mówić bo jest tchórzem
If Chris did weekly live streams he could probably afford to fund the additional costs for this movie on his own via super chats…
Sounds like he's really trying to hype this as not so bad.... but then everything sounds bad
To me, Crystal Skull has aged rather fine. I got swept up in the whole "saved by the refrigerator" debate but the more I saw Crystal Skull I realized that its really hard to turn it off (for me at least) whenever it was on tv and Chris is right that even the lesser Spielberg films are still pretty damn good. Cannot wait to see this one as well.
excellent review
instead of spending millions on deaging why don't they just start using 100 dollar Deepfakes
Probably the kindest review (for this movie) that i'll see on YouTube 😂
Why do all of the shots from the movie look like it was filmed in New York during the Canadian wildfires?
You're spot-on about the current state of film criticism. It's become tailored to provoke emotional responses from its audience, exactly like the algorithms that dictate what gets presented to us every day on the internet. You have to search really hard these days to find any genuine critical writing or expression that's not being driven by an ulterior motive, be it financial gain or a desire for popularity. Sadly, like with most forms of mass media, the majority approach it expecting their own personal opinions to be validated; and if challenged, they simply click on the next link until that validation is received. I can't see it changing for the better any time soon.
Typical faux positive early Dutchman review...you're a joke mate...enjoy the payola
"no room for nuance anymore"  yeah well put
Appreciate your honesty. Been wanting to hear your reaction. I feel alot better knowing this movie was not going to be a failure especially with Phoebe. Heard she's the highlight of the film and may get a spin-off. Also heard the ending was ehh. Short round was supposed to be in the ending but KK cut that out and that's where I think they could of had a better ending
Like you, I loved the original trilogy.  But I never saw Crystal Skull.  Even in 2008 I thought we was too old and it was not a sequel we never needed.
To koszulka LGBT? Dupek.
Whenever there is a monster or alien in a movie that is CG you will always know it is CG also. So, what is the difference?
Based on your review, I'm comfortable passing on this one. If they cant hit a home run dont bother, just create new IP if thats what they are basically doing anyway. Just another lazy cash grab nostalgia bait. Dont support this foolishness!!
I really like crystal skull - I still don’t understand the response to that film
Raiders was robbed out of a Best Picture Oscar & I liked them all, including Crystal Skull. The movie I had sky high hopes for was the first Dune, what a disappointment. Not expecting to ever watch this one based on Fleabag stuff & Harrison being 100 years old. Break a leg w Shelby Oaks
It would be okay to continue the franchise but IMO Harrison Ford should have passed the role to someone else. Chris Pratt for example.
Oh god... the rumours were true, aren't they? Not seeing it then.
I’m always up for Indy but this looks bad in the same way Skull did - every shot I’ve seen has a cgi polish thing happening. Nothing looks real at all. Anyone else see this?
I will judge this film, like Chris has done - for its merits and it’s failures. Crystal Skull had more failures than merits (I only really enjoy the 1st third). But Chris has eased my mind a little. I’ve read no spoilers, I’m only aware of Whaller-bridge negativity, and I will make up my own mind.  I know will never touch the original trilogy, but as long as it’s a good movie, with good intentions and a plot that has structure (and no jungle cgi), I’ll be happy.  Still - nothing can be as bad as Rise of the beasts - that was absolutely horrible.
The most damming review of this movie is from Harrison Ford himself.  That'll do for me. Not interested.
Remember when Chris wasn’t afraid to give honest reviews. Money changes people
I was just watching Duck Tales lol
sucks that they made Indy and Marion split again
Chris I've been watching you for 13 years. You and Jahns have been my go to voices on movies since I was 14. When none of my friends were there to talk about a movie, you guys were. That's why I have to say that it hurts to hear you take credit for a quote from Flickinger. It's really doesn't matter to me how it went down, but I think you need to comment on the matter. Integrity is so important, and you really are one of my biggest male role models.
It's official Chris Stuckmann is a sellout
wait.... it's REALLY called the Dial of Destiny???  🤣
Chris is such a shill and always goes against the general consensus for movies, he does this on purpose to stand out and be “different”. Of course this is woke nonsense and the movie demasculinizes Indy in favor of his patronizing cringe goddaughter. It’s trash and Disney has ruined all of our favorite heroes.
This does give me optimism. I knew immediately when they announced the movie that it wouldn’t be as good as those first three, but i don’t know, something about the trailer just felt right. I didn’t feel that way when the initial trailers for Crystal Skull came out, so it’s good to see that this should be at least a decent farewell.  But seriously, why is it 2.5 hours? What’s wrong with tight 2-hour adventure movies? I just don’t get Hollywood’s recent pivot towards making big blockbusters last as long as possible.
Chris... I think you've lost your way. Going to wait until it comes out, but I think i'm going to have to unsub if you are just being a shill.
Chris before making a movie and needing friends in the industry "This movie was terrible and here's my list of the worst movies of each year."  Chris after making a movie and needing friends in the industry "Every movie is better than I expected and you should see it."  Come on dude.
From all accounts, this sounds like a very verbose and convoluted way of Chris saying "This movie was terrible, but I don't want to lose my studio access."
I love how you bring up the topic of nuance in discussing a film.
I feel like I've been bracing for a car wreck for weeks as this movie gets closer and closer. Indy is very dear to my soul. I became emotional watching the first trailer for cryin out loud! I just hope they didn't sideline him in his own movie to set up the goddaughter. I want to see Indy a badA character who's still very intelligent and not just and old guy who can't function. This review eased my mind a bit but Disney has burned me too many times lately. I guess time will tell.
😂 maybe 🤔 we should be this serious about politics how our country is going n future of our country it's only a movie watch it or don't this is happening so much starting to think it's the new distraction making bad movies
It gets really tiresome having to listen to a monologue at the start of most of these reviews listing proof of how much of a fan you've always been of a character or franchise. You don't need to prove that to validate your reviews, the content can speak for itself.
Lots of stuff has lost its meaning Chris. Movies are barely entertaining anymore.... With the constant Internet scrutiny and the constant media scrum over EVERYTHING... They're usually ruined by the time they come out. It's crazy
I personally go into these films with an open mind and try not to have high expectations. When I saw these films as a kid, I didn't know what the hell i was watching. I was in awe, and I think I try to act all dumb and aloof when i see these fulms to recapture that awe of my childhood. I enjoyed all these films. Can't wait for 5.
This guy is such a shill. Disney will not hire you.
Is this a other Hollywood woke movie crap??
movie is woke garbage. they are forcing feminism by indroducing a female indiana jones.
One of the things that get me mad today's Toxic Fandom, is there hate of all Entertainment makes it hard for Film/TV Reviewers to do honest and fair Reviews.
At this point Chris is becoming a critic brainwashed by Hollywood.
I haven’t seen the movie yet, but I was hoping and still think they should make Indiana Jones into more of a Sherlock homes than a James Bond in his old age. He shouldn’t be fighting and participating in insane action sequences. He’s an old man. Let it be more of a mystery series now a days. Either that or recast… because in the old days an outstanding film would be one with insane action set pieces and all that. Nowadays someone’s a hero in the film community if they don’t use that and instead let great writing and acting steal the show in a mystery/ drama. It’s what we need!
Yeah I'll pass
Sweet t-shirt man!
Ke Huy Quan should carry on the franchise as Short Round.
Why they don't deepfake is beyond me.
Gay station shirt
Its obviously over the top woke garbage ,chris is not allowed to say that anymore
There is a new Indiana Jones?
To people who are just stuck trying to look for vfx flaws, you’re missing the point. Honestly, the longer you look at something even if it’s a practical shot your mind will find something wrong with it.
Great review chris, sometimes a move doesn't have to be perfect to enjoy it, and at leat it is a well made film and also has the score of Mr Williams help a lot. I wish you the best of lucks with your movie, I want to see it as soon as you release it.
I 100% agree with your point on nuances.  Simply saying I don't like a certain aspect of a film and all of a sudden I'm an angry manbaby who is unable to rest until people agree or at least acknowledge my "hate".
My Dad and older brother wes ent to Raiders on opening weekend years ago. Watching and remembering my father's reactions, the standing ovation at the end by the whole audience is a moment that hasn't been captured in any movie experience I have had since. It is my all time favorite film, and Indiana Jones in my opinion the greatest character in motion picture history. I'm a child of the 70s and 80s. I played with and owned most Star Wars figures, but it was Indiana Jones that got me out into the woods and truly played, re enacting scenes from the movie..even breaking the garage door opener pretending to save myself from a closing wall.  It's amazing that I will be spending my 50th birthday June 29th sitting with my 2 sons experiencing their first Indy flick. Thank you for this wondering little review.
There's a lot of dummy snow-flakes in the comment section.
The movie is better than Crystal Skull. High praise. That’s code for the movie sucked.
My main problem w Crystal Skull was every scene with Shai - partially cuz I don’t like his schtick and partially his scenes were poorly written. swinging on vines w the monkeys? No
I watch and read a lot of movie reviews all the time. Chris has my absolute favorite style of reviewing.
Crystal skull is still better than Temple of Doom……fight me
Temple of Doom is my favorite
John Williams made me love classical music (Star Wars).  I only recently realised he wrote the Lost In Space theme, so I've loved his music longer than I knew
Only woke people don’t want the dissenting opinions.
Always appreciate your observation and insight. My dad took me to Raiders when I was 14. One of our most enjoyable film experiences (along with Jaws and Star Wars!) Now I’m taking my 80 year old father to Dial of Destiny.  I call that a win no matter how the film does!
I'll pass on this one It's sad hearing all the spoilers  Don't waste money  Jones is now a joke
It's not a good movie, this is one of Chris's worst reviews and I don't understand why he is shilling it.  The first 15 minutes of this film are great, the rest is not.
I'd love to see Lucasfilm create a new adventure series rather than keep Indiana going.
Appreciate whilst we have it . John Williams and Harrison Ford. Good review as always
Best case scenario: this film seems to be disappointing. Yup, I'm definitely not going to see it.
Hit the mail on the head regarding lack of nuance in criticism lately. Which is why I respect your reviews and opinions so much, because I feel you do give deeper consideration to detail and that nothing is always so black and white regarding the good or bad of a movie.
Well now I'm concerned/intrigued about the third-act choice you keep referring to that lessens the overall film.  I guess I'll have to see for myself.
Disney is awful simple as that
Haha 2 minutes in he's still gushing about himself. Get to the God dam review you narcissist.
Despite seeing your glum face on the thumbnail of your videos (that I normally think, “oh boy, he’s feeling glum about this movie, how bad can it be?”) your opening comments are somewhat massaging and soothing my worries when I see it when it comes out in Australia
"I'm pretty sure it's better than Crystal Skull" isn't the most inspiring endorsement.
Thanks for another truly brilliant analysis. Other than Roger Ebert, I've never even mildly cared about what movie critics had to say about pretty much anything. But to my mind, your analyses and critiques are just as thoughtful and spot on as his were. Critics always love to outdo one another (or themselves) and create a kind of drama (or humour) that typically has nothing to do with what they happen to be reviewing; it's merely to draw attention to themselves. I love how you just look at the facts, discuss your feelings, the production values and techniques, etc., and can dispassionately assess how all these elements stack up. Bravo and cheers!
I remember when I was in kindergarten I watched all the movies (except crystal skull) and I recommended the last crusade to my kindergarten teacher who had just had a baby. I would ask her every morning if she had watched it yet. 💀
the president i lucasfilms said herself On The Move On Up made for the fans so why do you say Do you like it
"When I saw Krystal Skull I was kind of like drinking the kool aid and was saying 'This is good. This is good'"." Yes, many of your reviews are summarized as "drinking the kool aid". This one is no exception.
Chris always gives a film a fair shake. That being said, now that he's a filmmaker himself he seems incredibly less likely to be overly critical of another filmmakers work, which, while kind and considerate, also robs something from a film's critique. I'm not saying that happened with this film, but I do think the fact that Chris felt it necessary to spend 5-6 mins attributing the feeling of disappointment for an ill-conceived and unnecessary entry in a classic franchise is somehow mostly the audience's fault because of the inherent hope and expectation that a new entry will recapture the magic of the older films, is in itself a little disappointing and disingenuous.  There are plenty of examples of legacy sequels that have been embraced and adored by their fanbases that didnt need these excuses and I think it's a little cynical for filmmakers to want all the built in excitement and fan expectation that comes with these properties and that may lead to a big hit while also wanting none of the criticism when their efforts swing and miss.
Appreciate your nuanced review. Unlike trash out there like critical drinker that obsess over films being so called woke just to get clicks.
Well I'll be going anyway Raiders is still the film I've seen in a cinema the most (5 times) thanks for a balanced review Chis.
How much did Disney pay you?
I'm starting to think Stukman is using ChatGPT to write his reviews now... I've been subbed to this guy for so many years, and I legit need to just unsub now, there is no reviewer here anymore.
"Great for the mothers expecting a fun time" is all they'll cater to at this point and it makes financial sense up to a certain point when people will not settle for "fine". That's why the binary exists for criticism.  Of course you can wait for the film to release on streaming/TV, but it's time you won't get back if you're just selling for "fine", so watching clips on YT or those weird "summary videos" do just as well without the "wasted time and money". It's a weird direction that art has taken now. Funneling $$$ and time to people who don't care about you aka the heads of these studios who just want you to go to their parks and buy their merch while true art is lost to a flood of MEH created by these folks and AI will only make that worse. They're never interested in making a powerful statement about the world they ruined; they just want your attention and $$$ for their empire of dirt.
I'd still hope to still see Dial of Destiny
Chris is losing his authenticity sitting on the fence. It seems like he’s muzzling himself to be polite when he used to go in for the kill on a bad film.
Crystal skull made me never want to watch a New Indy again. Starwars last trilogy did the same, I watched them anyway and it has tainted my love for the entire saga. I dont want that to happen to indiana jones.
Indiana Jones & the Roman Portal
Tell me it's not aliens again
I was hoping to see Chris review this!!!
I am going to see it in the theater regardless.
Jason Bourne was terrible. Worse than Legacy.
I was worried for Indy 5 until James Mangold was confirmed to direct. He's one of the best directors working today.
My son is excited and that’s all I care about. He is happy, I’m a old man. Not sure I’ll ever love a movie again
Ever gonna address the fan service comment? Maybe just give the credit to John Flickinger and leave it at that.
I'm curious to see this one, but The Last Crusade will forever be the definitive and perfect ending to the Indiana Jones story. It's so good that the mere existence of any sequel almost feels blasphemous.
Chris,  I’ve been on YouTube since 2006, and from the very beginning no matter what product people were talking about, it’s always been either the greatest thing since sliced bread or worse than 💩.  However I subscribed to you when you did an in depth review about Prometheus which to me showed me that you do look at the total picture of a movie aka nuance.  So Chris, thank you for always trying to be as objective as possible especially in this polarizing world.
Bragging about woke indy wearing woke PlayStation shirt
Wow, did they pay you for this review?
I love the original trilogy of indy films they hold a special place in my heart there so fun and great films, even the second one, which is the lesser of the 3 original films and I even like the kingdom of the crystal skull it had good parts but man I'm nervous for this film so you're review was good to hear !
lord...this guy is paid to sell this movie for SURE!
I have to say, the best Indiana Jones sequels after the original trilogy have already done it better. It was called, "The Uncharted video game series." Just go watch that.   I feel, this franchise needs a fresh reboot with younger cast or just let the franchise die out.   Harrison Ford is just too damn old at this point and de-aging ain't helping much. These type of action movies are far and few in between.   You just can't make them like they used to anymore, now with CGI is taking more up front and center or the more extremely dangerous action scenes.   Unless, your crazy Tom Cruise or Jackie Chan, that is. At least, that how I see it. Lol.
I had 0 hope for this given KK and Disney………
We gotta stop bitching about deaging and cg woes.  I think we don’t remember when there was no CG and how limited we were before it. It pushes stories along. That’s it
Being better than Skull aint much of a praise. So the movie is bad.
Thanks for calling out the lack of nuance on film criticism online these days. Seems like the days of “Every Frame a Painting” are long over. Now it’s just moaning about “wokeness” or lack of it to get views. Hardly anybody talks about the craft or technique anymore, reminds me of Michael Keaton’s rant in “Birdman.”
What up
Chris I can concur. My dad introduced me to Indiana Jones and the original movies will always have a special place in my heart. RIP Harold Joseph O'Keefe
The movie sucked and the woke message is cringe. Come on, man. Quit simpin.
The first 20 minutes are supposed to be a younger Indy so of course they are going to  make him look younger.    That’s why I don’t pay attention to youtubers  reviewing movies.   Nitpicking and calling everything woke.   Woke this woke that.   I just  go see the movie and make my own  opinion.
You sound so enthusiastic.
Lucas thinks its trash and was forced to attend the premier by Disney. Lucas hates the ending and knows that Kathy Kennedy has destroyed all the past franchises he made and was a part of.
I might be in the minority, but I actually enjoy Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. It definitely sounds better than this time travel trash.
He didnt mention how this thing has been feminised and has a woke agenda
Come on Chris. . . You know it sucked 😏
Love Mangold films. Despite all the YouTubers bashing this movie without seeing it, I knew I would see it nonetheless. Make my own assessment.
The Adventures of Fleabag Jones coming soon! Going to be so great. KK is a visionary. Strong, powerful, snapping male necks and cashing big d checks. Your time is up grandpa. It's over. Pow. Just be satisfied we didn't erase you and spent some money on reshoots. Big money. You're welcome! You sexist, bigot.
The girl in this film was absolutely insufferable
I kinda miss Chris giving movies grades, to be honest. Btw, nobody's going to watch this feminazi Propaganda
Just so everyone knows, this guy did say The Last Jedi was a good movie. So take his rating with a grain of salt.
A very fine review and as other have stated, its a wonderful change of pace to hear a neuanced take without the added bagage of delighful glee.
Sounds like a polished turd. Despite any amount of lawyering, a turd still stinks.
I wish movies would cast a different actor to play a younger version of characters like Phoenix in The Last Crusade or De Niro in The Godfather II.
Last Crusade along with the two back to the future sequels was a great book end to that magical blockbuster time of the late 1970s and 1980s. I feel Last Crusade should have been the end!
Definitely concurred with Chris' point about James Mangold. He truly is such an underrated director.
Ben Dover  Anita Dick  Holden Hiscock
One thing is avoiding spreading negativity just for the sake of it and another is to ignore reality. I get that it might be your favorite character in film. But saying that we should watch it without expecting much or saying that it's a pretty good movie it's just being in denial.
Now I’m even more worried bc Jason Bourne was an absolute mess of a movie and I could barely get through it. And I love the trilogy of both Bourne and Indy. I’ll go with tempered expectations but it’s weird that James Mangold couldn’t fully deliver since he really is one of the best working directors esp after Ford and Logan.
I always forget that Mangold did Kate and Leopold! God what a fun movie - esp for a romcom.
Movie sucked
For me, *_Indiana Jones_* is the first four movies.  Yes, I know people hate *_Crystal Skull_* but at least it has some damn good moments and had a happy ending.
Yeah sounds like coping 😂
And here comes the Stuckman!!!!  Okay I’m preparing myself….
I saw the pirated version today. The first twenty minutes was really good. But it was all downhill from that point onwards. Phoebe Waller Bridge’s character was frustratingly cringe and unlikeable!
I like that you've provided a nuanced review here, Chris. Not that I'd expect anything less, but as a huge fan of the original trilogy, it is very appreciated amongst the deluge of vitriol generally. However, I think the thing that gets me about the idea of resurrecting a franchise as beloved as Indiana Jones so far past it's prime is simply that most of us don't really want to see an aged Indiana Jones running around, donning his hat for what is mostly a nostalgic romp with diminishing returns. Is this something the world really needed right now? And what does it really do for the legacy of the franchise? Could the filmmaker have made something new that contributes something fresh and interesting to the culture?
“Pretty good movie” doesn’t sound as good or great haha
The way Chris describes his mom is how my wife is.
coming from the guy who loves the last jedi lol
Oh no.
Guess Chris just loves everything now.
I think there are many more lows in this Dial of destiny compared to Skull. That co lead actress was horrible. Annoying with bad dialouge.
I’m right there with Chris on his love for IJ and his first three movies. I loved STAR WARS but not like everyone else did, but Indiana Jones was MY STAR WARS. Though, like STAR WARS fans, I have been let down by everything that followed the original trilogy. I will still always have those movies, but I had always hoped for better.
Given all the stories we're hearing about the production, as well as the complaints from critics who saw it at Cannes, I am surprised to hear so many YouTube critics praising this movie.   Or... maybe I'm not.
Man I will stand by it - crystal scull is a good movie. I feel like drinking the kool aid now adays is just blindly sayings it’s awful. It’s not. It is on par with Temple of Doom, maybe a step down but really not that far down. It’s a fun action adventure movie.
Chris, I fully agree with your view of how people disregard films extremely fast as bad just because they disliked one or a few elements. Every time I hear that it saddens me, and I have to take care of not doing it myself from time to time.
They should have stopped making them at The Last Crusade, Crystal Skull was a Total EMBARRASSMENT, and no one wants to watch an 80 year old pretend to be in their prime.
It is COMPLETELY reasonable to expect something great from a late sequel to one of the greatest and most beloved film series of all time.  The question is, why else would they make it? Why take a franchise so precious to so many people, and make a new one… if you don’t have something great to show?  Expecting something great is perfectly reasonable. Where we go wrong, is in giving Hollywood the benefit of a doubt- that they’re making these late sequels for any other reason that exploiting nostalgia for a cash grab.   George Miller dropped Fury Road and blew everyone’s minds. Top Gun Maverick is better than the original in every conceivable way. It IS possible, if the makers are inspired, to deliver upon audiences rightful expectations… but that has to be the motivating factor to begin with- not just “our rights to the IP will expire if we don’t make something, so get it done”.
There's only 3 Indiana Jones movies. And, I disagree with you. I think you're definitely drinking the Kool aid.
YouTube's rather nasty film critique community have already ripped this film to shreds. People who are making thousands from YouTube. It's kind of sad
Some movies I don't quite trust your taste. I'll wait till it comes on streaming. I'm British and don't get the Hollywood love of Waller Bridge, she's probably a lovely person, and fleabag was fine... but you can't help but feel her privilege git her where she is and bot her mediocre talent.
A black woman as a Government Agent in 1969, what a laugh🤣
Good bad great and awful are four different things…
It's better than the weak Last Crusade.
Shillicious
Are there any current film critics you enjoy reading?
Thanks for this review Chris. I was nodding while listening.😅
Great video review Chris , I have to agree that I've always been a big fan of Indiana Jones and especially the third one I didn't like the crystal skull one but I grew up watching the original trilogy but I can't wait to see this new one in movie theaters
Who gives a fuck? Those are fun movies, every Indiana Jones movie is fun.
Chris Stuckmann vs The Critical Drinker vs Jeremy Jahns vs 3C Films needs to do a show together
Better than crystal skull was all I had to hear thank you
You can't get the fanboy out of Chris when it comes to Indy.....
I said it before and I’ll say it again: there are only 3 Indiana Jones movies.
8:09 Is that a pun?
I rewatched Temple of Doom the other day and I really didn't like it. It's not Crystal Skull bad but I just didn't like it.
I really don't understand why anybody had any anticipation for this. Kingdom was ten years too late ten years ago. I love the original trilogy, love it as much as anyone else. But it's done because Harrison Ford is too goddamn old. His character said he was feeling too old in the first fucking movie. It's fine for things to end, we don't need to run every good thing into the ground. I know Disney is going to no matter what but we don't have to let them, don't see movies like this. You know it's gonna be bad, the premise is bad, the trailer looked bad, like come on, you give them your money for shit you're gonna keep getting it. Old Indiana Jones might work if you didn't try to make it just like the original movie, but then it would be breaking from the formula and the whole point of cashing in on familiar IP is to give people something familiar, so they won't do that. Harrison Ford hanging off a car looks fucking ridiculous now, the man is 80, he looks like he has trouble walking. It. Doesn't. Work.
Wow...Chris is the only person I've heard give this any semblance of a positive review. As far as the director, Logan was the only movie of his I thought was decent.
Best movie ever or worst movie ever. I hate that. My kids are a product of that culture. They ask me all the time after I say I like something, "is it your favorite ever?". No, I like it, it's good. I try and tell them not to try and force that mindset. It's a work in progress.
Feels like they're just kind of kicking a dead Ford at this point. Let the man watch Jeopardy already.
There is absolutely another way to tell this story. Let a younger actor play his part.  It's not that complicated.
Ya lost me with the rainbow shirt.
Are they going to say she is actually his daughter they way they did Mutt?
Temple of doom has the best villain yet!!! He was way beyond scary then the rest of the Indian jones movies.
Lord I need to see this Now
I'll probably just wait until the digital download comes out.
nahhh the dickeating is crazy tho...
Been waiting for this review
Terrible,review how much are u being payed,the movie is awful
John Williams 🙌
Nice to see a more nuanced review of this film. The fiasco with the post Cannes embargo lift really soured NOT the film but film criticism. I don't know who I can trust to give me a fair perspective. The RT rating is off-putting.   I'd rather hear from film lovers and audiences who just go to be entertained.
Schill review.
You're being much too kind ...
I'm glad to hear it's at least better than Crystal Skull, I'm not expecting a masterpiece like the 80s movies but at least something entertaining to watch.
The bad idea for "The Dial of Destny" was having Phoebe Waller Bridge in more than 5 frames...
They’re all fun. Maybe not life changing or mind blowing but fun.
It’s hard to find people who don’t have predetermined opinions on movies that lead to unfair biases, that’s why I’ve been watching your channel since the dragonball evolution review
Hello i have a question, how long will a physical copy of Shelby okas be available? I want a copy but i wont have money for a few weeks to purchase it
Absolute garbage!  I guess you have to think about funding your Shelby Oaks. I will unsub sorry.
Love Indiana Jones movies! Can't wait to see Dial of Destiny!
Sucks these movies are coming out and literally no late night talk shows are airing becos of the writer's strike.
Stuckman has a bad case of the memberberries
Thank you, Chris. Because of your review, I now know for sure I am seeing this movie. I enjoy these movies (except for Temple of Doom, but no disrespect to yours or anyone else's tastes), and I am glad you think it goes out of a good note. Thank you for your positivity. Looking forward to seeing the film even more now.
But the film is awful and you're just sugarcoating your review so you don't get lumped in. It's almost as if you're trying to lecture us on what to think.
This is the review I’ve been waiting for  for this movie, nobody knows Indy like Chris does
Everyone complains about the fridge scene in Indy 4 yet they give that scene in Temple of Doom where they all fall out a plane and a cliff on a raft without any injuries a free pass.
It’s insane how much better this movie review was in comparison to your later, phoned in reviews. I can really feel you care for this movie, and this 17min review shows it.  I miss this Chris.
I loved Crystal Skull but this one will be even better for sure.
So in this one Indy hides inside a refrigerator to avoid the ravages of old age.
Just, no... Another Kathleen Kennedy hatchet job - a disgrace to portray Indy this way - an insult.
❤
I kinda feel the opposite with films and the critique/reviews. I think a lot of things are just mediocre/avg and it's just US that are way too critical.  Its a big reason why I stopped watched Cinemasins. I was "dinging" movies for stupid things
When John Williams passes away, it will be one of the saddest days ever. His music has shaped my life and inspired me to be a musician. The very first CD I ever owned was a compilation of his music from the original Star Wars trilogy
So, 10 minutes in the video... and it's basically just a bias review of an Indiana Jones movie... from an Indiana Jones fan. Gotcha.
I like how now that he’s getting into the industry he refuses to be anywhere near as brutal as he used to be when that was his most popular stuff & what made he internet famous to begin with. The brown nosing is strong with this one.
"Surprise, surprise...John Williams is really good at his job."  Yes, yes...water is wet, yadda yadda...glad to know one of the fundamentals is unquestioned. 😏
Whatever problems may come, do they at least have those classic punching and shooting sound effects like in the originals?
I’m convinced, I’ll check it out. Thanks Chris
Indy let it go
They've ruined it.😊
I don’t know Chris that phoebe girl still sounds sketchy to me I bet Indiana Jones does less stuff in the movie and u come off as super biased uve been less brutal on movies ever since u started making that movie and that’s a bad thing ur gonna start misleading people thinking those movies are good when there actually bad like what u did with Obiwan and the rings of power
The most unnatural thing about the film is them thinking anyone would like Phobe Waller-Bridge. She is about as unlikable as any villain in the films.
you couldn't pay me to watch this piece of crap movie
your review sounds like they have managed somehow to avoid to make a parody of Indie/Ford himself but yet playing the character we love as Ford/Indie and that would be all you can ask for after 40 years...
I've heard SO much negative about this movie, especially over the past two weeks. Honestly, this is the review I was waiting for because it'll be a fair take on the film.
Indy 4 is they make Indy become x files. We hate it
Coming to the comments to see how many people want to say "the last crusade is where the movies ended for me" 😂
I only ever go see a movie expecting to be entertained, and nothing more. That's generally worked for me.
A t-rex chasing down Jeff Goldblum is CGI I didn't notice.
Woke rubbish.
"Go watch the movie for enjoyment, dont expect much"  Its Indiana Freaking Jones and we cannot expect only the best from this franchise? Okay, I wonder who's fault that is.
Thank you Chris. I want you to know that I was listening to all the haters who want to see Disney and anything coming from Disney....like this....wanting it to fail. So I really had no plans to see one of my favorite film franchises ever!  That being said...I cannot wait to see it now thanks to your spot on review. You are right, nothing will be better than than the first three, but I do not think this is trying to. Rather it is wanting to be a satisfying conclusion to a character we all have loved since he came onto the screen in the early 80s. And it sounds like it achieves just that!
Who me? Someone didn't get what they wanted and it is all because of me? Take a number get in line. Who am I?
I did not realize you had stopped adding review to RT. Very respectable decision, I always appreciate your take on movies. You should maybe do watch alongs!
I just stopped bothering to see movies simply because they were part of X franchise, including my favorite franchises. I'm not interested in the packaging or labeling, I don't need to milk some extra moments out of a storyline or franchise or character whose story has already been done and done well. I'm not just a consumer or "a fan". My response does not follow as a rule, it is contingent. Not on someone throwing more of X at me, but because my time is valuable it is contingent on there being something new and rich and well-crafted to enjoy.
Very fair and balanced review Chris! You sell me on seeing it now and keeping my expectations in check. Very good to hear it’s not the disaster that it was being made out to be. And that it’s actually a fun film and Ford is still giving it his all to the role. Also no surprise John Williams comes through yet again and crushes it with his score! He’s an absolutely incredible talent!   Your review gives me peace of mind that I will most likely enjoy the film as a final farewell to such a beloved character! Cheers brother!
I actually liked Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Not loved. Just.........I didn't think it was that bad.  Its definitely the worst Indiana Jones film by far, but honestly that bar was set pretty high by the first 3 films.  I actually disliked it way more when I first saw it and have mellowed over time. The whole alien thing is the thing that rubs me the wrong way the most. Its just..........he is an archaeologist, he is an expert in HUMAN history. Its his field of expertise. Its why he knows so much about what he is going after. I'm willing to accept a bunch of religious stuff I consider just mythology simply because that is the sort of thing an archaeologist knows. Its human history. Once I got used to the fact that was just the way it was, I just.........started focusing on the good bits. Wow, this is starting to sound more like Stockholm Syndrome. Anyway, despite that caveat, I still don't think its as terrible as everyone remembers. Its a weak Indy film but a weak Indy doesn't make it bad. Honestly the fridge isn't even the most far fetched thing to happen in these movies. Its the aliens should be the deal breaker, not fridge shenanigans!
Sadly it's another film that just had to be a bit better than the last terrible one to get some praise.   The good. Score, the villain (love Mads), looks great...for a film that uses a lot of CGI location stuff; nice to see young Indy....and that's about it.  The bad. Painful and cringe at times, with Indy feeling like a silly old grandpa coming off second best to the person Disney no doubt wants to have a spinoff with. Nothing against her, but she is written badly and just grates on you alongside Harrison.
Like you Chris I grew up with these movie's and nothing can top the original Trilogy but to see Harrison Ford play indy one last time will be a joy
If i have to "Find enjoyment" in a freaking Indiana Jones movie, then its a failure!  I don't go to a movie to pick out bright spots of enjoyment from an otherwise murky soup.
Chris stop defending Disney's decision to ruin legacy characters such as Luke Skywalker, Han Solo and now Indiana Jones.
Why can't we just make fun of a bad movie?
And if you ask some one today do you know who 'Kathleen Kennedy' is most responses would be who gives a F#@*!
Nice to see an honest review rather than some just want to slag the film off
Thanks for the great review...unlike a few biased people, who were simply spreading negativity...True Harrison Ford has given it his all...and John Williams score...goosebumps ❤
Skipping this movie anyway. Indy for me ended with the trilogy
I hope he does a review on Extraction 2. That movie was better than the first movie, man it was amazing
That’s so smart . Set your standard so low so you can like it.
You know that this film will be better than Crystal skull. When the film crew actually make sure the sound is actually consistent (yes I remember Chris mentioned how that was problem in Crystal skull).
Well, though I agree with most of the points made, I don't think we should settle for mediocrity of such movies, which comes from the bad practices of companies like Disney, not from creatives, who try to do their best with deadlines and mandates given to them.
I does seem that every review I have seen is the same.  Intro action scene is fantastic, the movie slumps a little in its second act and the ending is questionable.  Everyone seems to say the same thing, a good Indy movie but not a great Indy movie, and most reviewers say the original three were better than this one <shrugs>
ill wait for it on disney +
Didn't Siskel & Robert do thumbs up or down though?
Can you do a post/video on your tattoos? From the little I can see (Star Fox/Samus/Hey Arnold) they are sick!
It’s heartwarming to hear Chris talk about his mother in such a lovely way
No 1-10 rating?
They should have just shot most of the movie in CGI flash back scenes told by older 'Jones' in his class room!
This movie sucks, Chris is a shill and this comment section is full of Disney bots.
I hear fleabag is insufferable in this one...
The Mummy 2 is a far better film than this.
Copland is perfect
I'm glad it sounds like your relationship with your mom is going well.
He was crying lmaooo stop. Yea Harrison ford likes the check he gets u bozo
I think the reason why you thought dial of destiny remotely had anything good was because you set your expectations really low basing on Crystal Skull
Where’s your Little Mermaid review? 😅🤔 just wanted your thoughts
This guy is such a mark. This will suck. What a woke geek he is. Movie will bomb
I miss the times when you had no personal agenda inside the industry. You latest revies are like this... bland, apologetic, submissive. This movie sucks donkey balls, and you know it. You are clearly afraid of saying that and get cacelled. So... unfollow for me. It's been a pleasure Chris!
It should have been shia and where’s Marion didn’t they get married
Chris, I do not know if you will see this comment. I will watch the film, but I want to ask have you seen the critical drinker's take on the film? Juxtapose his opinion with yours is night and day, but I wanted to know your thoughts on his assessment.
Will watch it, thanks
You know you’re stretching to find things to like when you mention the camera lens they used
Agree fully nuance in film criticism is all but dead...and I really blame a lot of it on those early days of Youtube and the type of "review" made popular by Nostalgia Critic and Everything Wrong With. On Crystal Skull, the first half of that movie I argue is really good. It teeters in the middle and really nosedives during the jungle chase. It almost rebounds in the climax, and the outcome makes sense for the time period the movie is set. It to me is still the weakest Indy movie to date, and I'm hopeful Dial of Destiny can be the sendoff Harrison Ford deserves, bc honestly this will probably the be last Indiana Jones movie with him in it.
The floppiest flop that ever flopped a flop.
One of the things that keeps you as one of the most respected movie critics out there. I really appreciate you being into the NUANCE of film.   I can watch almost anything and try to pull the positives out of it, while fairly criticizing the negatives. Please never change that.   I don't ever just dump on films, unless they earn it.   And I know that my own tastes are dynamic and not everyone will like the things i do, so when i critique, i try to keep those people in mind. You do this, it gives you a bit more credibility in my eyes. Thank you for what you do.
15 years ago, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull was my introduction to Indiana Jones.
Chris is blind.
So watch the first 20 mins, then leave😂rest of it sounds like ‘UP’
Checked out after seeing 'Kingdom of the Crystal Skull'. The magic left the bottle after 'Last Crusade', I am afraid. Enough already!!!
I get what Chris is saying not to have expectations and try to enjoy, but thats my issue, im tired of going to the movies and watch bad or “ok” movies specially when the got the budget to make a awesome movie.
Okay, this review is all I needed. Chris’s thoughts are usually the same as mine and everything he said about his feelings prior to seeing dial of destiny were exactly how I was feeling. There was no way this movie was gonna be another raiders of the lost ark or last crusade, it’s just impossible to capture that magic again. All I want from this film is more Indiana Jones. Doesn’t have to be perfect, I just want more Indy for one last time. I’m satisfied to hear that the 1944 prologue is fun and that Mikkelson finally gets a good villain role again after he was wasted as one in doctor strange and fantastic beasts. And it’s also no surprise to hear John Williams knocks it out of the park once again and now sadly for a final time. His soundtracks for Indiana Jones are in my opinion his best work (yes better than Star Wars even) and it’s extremely fitting that Indiana Jones is Williams’ ride into the sunset of composing for cinema. Been waiting 15 years for this film can’t wait to see it, especially after this review.
might watch it or might not. Still burnt from Cyrstal Skull and it looks weird. Tired of outrage critics on youtube who will rip it even if its not as bad as we think. I am glad Chris was objective.   Sad most movies we are more surprised when the film is good rather than bad
harrison ford is too old for this
I love how you are so respectful. No one wants to make a bad movie. You have evolved from critic to fellow film maker and it shows in such a beautiful way. I wish you all the best with your project.
Oof.
With AI and deepfake Harrison Ford will be in “Indiana Jones Mars Abound” in theaters Dec 25 2088.
This Guy said amazing spiderman is a Bad movie but gives praises to these kinda movies
"Now, I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds." -Kathleen Kennedy
I haven't seen your reviews since you announced you will only review positively. I followed you since before you became a director. It just seems in this review like you are struggling to acknowledge that you don't like the movie.
I have some hope now it won't be a bad movie, since Chris stuckman doesn't hate it then I prob won't. Why I like these reviews, since I almost always side with Chris
Good or bad why would anyone want to support Disney/Lucasfilm at this point?
I'm always someone that is not really counting on any review, I just make my own opinion. But besides that, Chris' reviews are always extremely solid and reliable. It's perfect to get an overall feeling whether I could love a movie or I'll probably not.
I always trust Chris's reviews, I'll go see this now and enjoy it for what it is.
“I personally love this movie.” -Person who gets invited to premiers for positive reviews.
Thank you for the honest review with no drama or binary reviews from other YouTubers that revel in shock value.
I was hoping James Mangold was going to do something outstanding with the character of Mutt Williams.
Series started and ended with the first lol No movie was about to recapture the tone and character of the first imo
Would anyone like to see Code Geass Anime on here?
A big part of this is that PWB is a bit marmite: you either love her style or hate it. It sounds like Chris likes it, but I think many people find it very irritating. I saw the last draft of this movie when Indie still died and as he says, the first section is brilliant. I was so relieved. But then, it changes and became awful. I don't like PWB and not just in Fleabag but her influence in Bond and Solo really stood out - you could see her looking at the camera and raising her eyebrows. It grates against me.   I hated the last Bond film: I didn't want him to be an old man, a father, with all of his bad habits catching up to him and him paying a price. That's real life and I want Bond to be fantasy. Same here with Indie. I want a hero, not a man at the sad end of his life.   Indiana Jones: Dialysis in Senility.
Indiana Woke and The Benders of The Last Gender
Great review. But we can all feel the energy in your review Chris that you know, and you know we'll know when we watch it, that this is a lesser IJ film. You're trying to focus on the positives, which is fine, but it can't go unnoticed that you're putting effort into your positivity.
I clearly haven't watched the movie but These YouTube critics that are defending this movie with it has flaws and it's not great but it's good enough. Is that really all we expect anymore? I'm not a hardcore hater of Crystal Skull but it also has no reason to exist. Indy had one of the best trilogies and it should've stayed that way.
Someone got endorsed LOL
Best reviewer out there. So nuanced and detailed from an actual movie lover perspective.  I'm looking forward to dial.  It won't b perfect but hopefully it's fun
My expectation for this film is going to be as usual. When doing modern films most of the time theres nothing new and exciting. Only a few films have really awakened my magnetism and were mesmerizing to the point where Im hanging on every frame every word and ready to stand and cheer applause at the end. a few are  Edge of Tomorrow, Prey, Maverick, Fury Road, Source Code, Inception. These are films that made me just jaw drop with anticipation and wondering what the outcome is going to be and really loving the payoff. They were original they knew what their goal was and delivered in spades. I cherish a film that can make me feel like a kid watching terminator series for the first time, or matrix. We just dont get these kinds of films today sadly no originality and interesring ideas. So my bar for this is slight nostalgia, okay movie night, nothing knew or exciting, nothing thats gonna make me go this is classic 1988-92 curtains open buttery popcorn smell orgasmic great time. Nope my bar is hey its Harrison Ford homage well done and thanks Indy will be my bar pretty much. 😢
I am going to watch it 1st day...to see Harrison Ford one last time as Indie...❤
Wow can’t blame Chris I believe he’s a honest good person and truly a kind person with a heart but I know how tough it is to say something that buissness won’t like and It really doesn’t bother me anymore no choice. Stay focused hope your movie comes to life soon . Best of luck.
Stuckman, Jahns and Murrell are the 3 Kings of nuanced film discussion
This Guy lost his Touch
From what I hear about this movie, I am bit glad that the country I grew up in only had 3 to 4 channels. THis way I dont have as much attachment to Indiana Jones movies to be worried if its good or not
Anything wiyh Phoebe Waller-Bridge isn't worth watching. Feminist crap. Woke garbage.
Definitely should of ended with The Last Crusade.
I get that Chris dosent want to say anything negative about movies these days. But it's seriously effecting his reviews.  This movie should have never been made, simple as. It's absolutely terrible. I don't believe that Chris enjoyed this movie
I take it Chris' mom hasn't heard of me, Terd or the Fandumb Menass either. We tell our followers if shxt's Woke... well, to me, everything's Woke... and loudly proclaim why you shouldn't see it. You don't need to see a movie and judge it for yourself. Plus, as a grown man, I yell when my fast food order gets messed up.
The Dial of Diverstity
You only keep Harrison Ford on in the role if you're making Indy Movies immediately into the 1990's after Last Crusade. The fact they waited so long for a 4th instalment, they had to take the risk of casting a new younger actor into the role and rebooting it Ala Batman Begins and exploring the origins of Indy. That would have created the perfect platform in which to springboard a legitimate extension of the Indy Universe into the 21st Century. The fact they just couldn't do that and Brought back a man well into his 60's into the titular role just shows how little effort was put into trying to put something down in the long term. First Lucasfilm and Paramount and now Disney are crazy. They're in possession of an IP whereby they could literally bring out a movie every 2 years for the next 20 years and each and everyone would Box office into the billions if they just put a little bit of thought and planning into it, but they have handled it extreme negligence and without care.
His god daughter?...I guess his "son" isnt returning... 🤣... let us laugh so we dont cry.
Honestly this video put my mind at ease…more confident in watching this on opening night now
As for the de-aging, there is a better way. Youtubers deepfake faces all the time that look better than what studios are doing animating them.
I like how “Da 5 bloods” Handled having older actors play their younger selves they didn’t do any de aging, They just trusted the audience to understand what was going on. It didn’t take me out of the movie, It actually added to their performances, and until CGI is literally so good that you can literally replace a face or the age of face without noticing. Maybe they should go with that.  Good job Spike Lee
I love the way Chris shills!
I hope stuckmann got a good check for this video 😂
Gimme the tea I'm here for the tea.
Surprised you didn't get paid to say it was epic 😅
im glad you are in speaking terms with your family
great respect for James Mangold as a director, but hesitant about going to the theater for this one…
I'm also in the mindset that if its indy 4 then I'll be happy.
If Chris is comparing Indiana 5 to Jason Bourne then l think l will give it a miss. l prefer to remember The Last Crusade and lndy riding off into the sunset as the character's farewell.
For me I like the Indiana Jones franchise but I’m not like a diehard fan of it either, kinda like how I am with the Jason Bourne franchise, it’s a franchise that I enjoy but it’s no Godzilla or James Bond to me, now those are the franchises that I *am* a diehard fan of, I mean I even like Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull and think Temple Of Doom is the 1 bad Indiana Jones movie so that probably tells you right there just how casual of a fan I am, and so when it comes to my hopes and expectations for Dial Of Destiny I don’t really have as much riding on this movie as no doubt the big Indiana Jones fans do
I’m terrified of this movie. The reviews haven’t been positive.
👍🏼
I never got to see an Indiana Jones movie in theaters so I'm really excited
I think this is the first time that you just lie to us. ¿Is this better than Crystal Skull? Well, it's like being forced to choose between being pooped or vomiting in your mouth,
It's a good time; no alcohol required....
nice shirt. shoving this imagery down our throats. Yup. unsubscribing.
You know the bar is low when Chris can only compare it to Crystal Skull
Film criticism and film culture online is at its very worst. It's dire. Chris being so level-headed here is so refreshing. Because he's right. Everything is extremes now. A film, especially an IP based film, either has to BLOW YOUR MIND OMG BEST THING EVER or else it's the worst piece of shit to ever exist. So much of what the entertainment culture is now is so antithetical to actually being able to just sit down, watch a film, and make up your mind about it as a work unto itself. It all comes with so much fucking baggage now.   Just focusing on big IP-based sequels and reboots like Indy 5...it seems that there is a built in expectation fans simply won't/can't recognize - that these movies somehow NEED to magically tap into the magic you felt at 10 years old seeing for them first time. Sorry, that's will NOT EVER HAPPEN. The original three films had multiple decades to tattoo themselves into our psyches - to cement themselves into the zeitgeist. How can any late-stage sequel compete with that?   Fandoms lack any sort of normal perspective. Its insane. Everyone is jaded. Everyone is cynical. Everyone has arbitrary criteria for what these kinds of films NEED to be. I hate it. Talking about movies online is almost a fools errand now.   Also, I know exactly what story choice he's talking about that he didn't like...and imo that's exactly what brings the movie home and gives it the extra dose of magic it has. So I'm curious to see why he doesn't like it. I like that the film takes wild swings. I think films like Indy NEED wild swings. The aliens are SO NOT the problem with Indy 4. And if you think so, I don't think you really get the point.   De-aging is just something that we need to take as-is. A lot of people just shit on it to shit on it. It doesn't bother me like it does everyone who wants to tweet about it. Some of it we've seen works well. Some of it is awful. Indy 5, for how long the de-aging sequence is, is probably the best we've seen yet.
I’m similar to you mama. Just enjoy the movie. If it’s good, watch it again. If it wasn’t, at least you watched it and gave it a shot. But no way will you ever buy it or rent it.
Wasn’t expecting a review for this movie!
If LucasFilms wants to continue making Indiana Jones films, one word-Animation. Imagine an Indiana Jones films executed like The Adventures of Tintin, Puss in Boots: The Last Wish, Waltz with Bashir, Across the Spiderverse etc.
Better than Skulls? I'll take it.
Did anyone other than me actually liked Kingdom of crystal skull
Best movie review that never touches the story and/or plot, just pure love for those movies and the character, ever
I feel about this now
Honestly, what expectations can we have with an 80 years old Indiana Jones?
Sorry but the Indiana Jones character is such a physical being, the whole concept of the franchize is action adventure, seeing Harrison Ford waddle across the screen as an 80yo man trying to pretend hes the same character as 40 years ago is ridiculous and off putting.
The review could be half the length if you didn't repeat yourself so much.
Stuckmann has gone woke.
I view the original Indy trilogy like the original Star Wars trilogy… they’re untouchable masterpieces in their own realm. But I’m still happy to have more Star Wars films even though they are nowhere good as the original trilogy. I’m just happy to have another Indiana Jones movie and appreciating it for what it is
Even though I'm not religious, I always found Indy was at his best dealing with questions of faith with SOME supernatural elements but also fighting actual human villains, not fanciful ones. Temple of Doom and Crystal Skull both got away from that and just had me rolling my eyes - or cringing at its depictions of other cultures.   I believe Steven Spielberg directed all  3 of the original movies, and if he's not back for this, I don't know how good it's going to be. Crystal Skull had way too much CG as well, and one of the things that made Indy great was all the practical stunts and effects that were shot for real. They still can't duplicate that in CG. I'm not against it to remove wires for stunt doubles, but I shouldn't be questioning if what I'm looking at is legitimate. Even Terminator 2 knew that and that's why it's a great film. Not everything was CG, so the CG still looks believable to this day.   Spielberg has shown that he knows how to make an action movie that also tells a story and stays focused on that story. But if you get another director trying to replicate what Spielberg did in the 80s, with much older actors, it becomes a bit like watching a Rolling Stones concert in 2023. Some of the magic gets lost. I like that, at least from the trailers, Karen Allen and John Rhys Davies are both back.   But again, if these are just going to be fantasy movies rather than grounded action films with some elements of fantasy and the supernatural, I don't know how interested I am. Maybe I'll see it if it's released in 3D. The last thing I want to watch is something that comes off like A View To A Kill, with Roger Moore at almost 60 years old trying to be a convincing spy while doing things no man of 57 would be able to do at all. I want to remember Indiana Jones for Raiders and Last Crusade, where everything looked real and I could suspend my disbelief somewhat. You never want to see your favourite band from 20 years ago show up at an award show to perform and all you're thinking is just how old and ridiculous everyone looks trying to act like they did as teenagers and young adults while 40 year olds pretend they're 16 again. That's just cringeworthy.
I bought my ticket for Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny.
As long as it’s better than KotCS, then I will be happy with it
Too bad for Ford ls a psycho
I can't wait to see phoebe waller bridges wear indie's hat while the theme music plays.
first 20 min were amazing , after that it all went to insulting shit...
Ever since Chris  started to make his own movie(s) he is so careful with what he says. Its really night and day compared to his earlier stuff.
KK is shit and Fleabag is no Indiana Jones
Indiana jones and the insufferable feminist
To this day I do not get the hate for crystal skull
I really really really hope they don’t Disney-fy this movie
Chris Wokemann
I can almost see Chris' feminist wife looking him over the shoulder and telling him "you got to speak highly about the strong female lead". 😂
Pretty sure they used a deepfake, not CGI de-aging. Deepfakes are newer and far more noticable.
do you not rate the movies you review anymore?
I like the originals ok...I won't watch a senior citizen with a bunch of cg crap. I will remember these movies in time and context. Not a cash grab and another damn sequel. What a damn waste waste of money. John Wick cost $20 million. Most expensive movie ever made for another damn sequel, a shadow of the first
I don’t think it’s unrealistic to expect something great. It’s Indiana Jones. There’s no excuse to set our standards low just because the last one wasn’t that good. And just because Hollywood has low standards doesn’t mean we should.
Ah, a fellow practitioner of the “mom test,” I see — the universal method of confirming a film’s accessibility.
Idk, it kind of feels like he’s going too easy on this one. I understand not wanting to give into cynicism, but even the positive reviews this movie is getting make it feel like people are forcing themselves to be more enthusiastic about it than they actually are. They just shouldn’t have made a fifth movie period
Any project with Phoebe Waller-Bridge is going to teeter on being abysmal. She's determined to kill all of our male heroes.
Nice to hear its a good movie.
I love how Chris actually talks about the movie fully instead of picking out specific stuff in order to make it look good or bad. Doing gods work
I gotta admit I've always liked Crystal Skull. It's a fun time.
Very good point you brought up Chris. No new franchise film is going to touch our experience with the original films as a child, and there are hopes and expectations that were simply never on the table, that you need to check at the door, and view the new entry as best you can as you did the originals as a kid. Namely: this is fun, I wonder what's gonna happen next! I just wish more people held that viewpoint for the Star Wars Sequel Trilogy.
Crystal Skull is WAAAAAAAAAAAAAY better than Dial of DENSITY.
Does anyone else feel like he phones it in now, or like he feels that he can’t say the things he wants to say about movies anymore?
My favourite Indiana jones was the temple of doom.the lady in the movie was so hilarious with her screams and fears lol.Cant wait to see this new indiana jones franchise.
I feel that feeling that the days of analytical critiques of movies and shows being the norm is slowly fading away into this “is it good or is it bad” mentality.
James Mangold addressed Shia LaBeouf's absence in an interview with Variety at the film's U.S. premiere. The director explains that, for him, the reasoning behind Shia LaBeouf not returning was part of an attempt to recapture a crucial Indy female sidekick dynamic.
James Mangold made one of the best comic book movies of all time in the golden age of comic book movies, yet he’s still underrated. Unreal
This movie is trash.. nobody wants to see 80 year old Indiana Jones...lol
Oh man I’d love to at least like this movie hahah
Maaaaaaan I miss the 90s…. I’m just gonna vent here….people wonder why no one goes to the cinema anymore….the quality of movies that were coming out are not that recycled junk we have now…just look at 1997 my god Face off (John Trovalta amazing badass), Conspiracy theory (prime Mel Gibson) Con Air (John Malkovich Cyrus the MF VIRUS OG BADASS) Donnie Brasco (Uncle Al what more can u say) Liar Liar (Greatest Jim Carey movie in my opinion) Beverly hills ninja (RIp) La Confidential (Ok fine but it was a 6.5-7) I could keep going!!! Aaaaaa 😢
Ugh, that ending too. 🤮
The reason why Ke Huy Quan isn't in this movie is because the actor couldn't serve the story. If there is a role in his next movie that would fit Ke, Steven Spielberg would definitely consider it. I hate the fact that Steven never wants to cast an actor because he is popular at the moment or because people would love to see a certain director work with a certain actor. This casting method makes Steven come off as dark and harsh. Steven would definitely win more Oscars if he formed a close collaboration with a younger actor just like Martin Scorsese and Robert DeNiro and Tim Burton and Johnny Depp.
Temple of Doom is the most fun Indy movie for me. Last Crusade I think was technically better. But I had way more fun with ToD.
The shirt... I love.
Majority of movies today basically all suck. Majority of these writers are far leftest lunatics and their ideology comes out in movies and ruins it. 80’s, 90’s and about 2011 or 2012 is when Hollywood really fell off the ledge and now its out of control with identity politics and all these movies are bombing financially because of it.
"...my mom doesn't know what IMDB is, she doesn't know what Rotten Tomatoes is..."  My guess is that she is simply happier with her life than I am, for these reasons.
It's devastating how Steven Spielberg cut Shia LaBeouf out of his life. I always believed that Shia could have helped Steven win six more Oscars if they kept their collaboration strong like Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro. Offering constructive criticism about Indiana Jones is an unacceptable reason to fire someone. The only obstacle that stands in the way of success for Steven is his inability to listen to the advice from the people around him. Steven recently lost 7 Oscars to Everything Everywhere All At Once. I'm glad that I'll never use my Bachelor's Degree in Film to become a movie director.
Ive been more excited for your review than the movie. I have zero interest in this movie but glad it didnt break your heart, Chris.  I hope we get to a new era of entertainment soon.
I still like crystal skull
I like how other people disrespects others love for other movie trilogies if it doesn’t mean anything to you. You think you can just act like we don’t have good opinions because one other trilogy doesn’t do much for you.   I tried getting into Indiana Jones but the universe is just not for me, but I’m not going to say it’s overrated or bad just cuz it wasn’t up to my entertainment. I love the pirate trilogy! ☠️ but fans like me get treated like trash because we like something that they don’t love at all. Which is not mature at all either. Lol
James mangold is one of my favorite directors, and even if this film isn’t my cup of tea, I know I will definitely enjoy the overall style of it.
Please say you don't like it. Stand up to Disney destroying legacy characters🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I’ve loved Indy since I saw Raiders at the age of 7. I’ve been waiting for a 5th adventure for so long, and when the trailers came out it didn’t even feel real. Now I’m 19 and I’m a bit scared to see it, but if Harrison puts that hat on one last time I might have some fun. I still, like many people feel sore about some of the recent Star Wars issues and hope that doesn’t bleed into Jones. Regardless, I’ll always cherish the original 3, and I do like 4, probably because I grew up in a time where there were four Indy films for a majority of my life.
Good video Chris. I really like your words on film criticism blending with journalism and lack of nuance… yeah, I have to agree with you there.
This franchise is dead to me...
Are you trying to sell your movie to Disney or something?
saying its better than crystal skull is like saying vomit is better than diarrhea
Well...I trust you on this so I'll ignore other reviews I've seen.
So in other words the spoilers were right months ago just like the end of Game of Thrones.   Im so glad I was never heavily invested in Indiana Jones or Star Wars really to watch them be milked like this.
They did Shia dirty, he had poor direction in the Crystal Skull
The crystal skull raped me and called my mom common street trash
I hope this movie doesn't derail James Mangold, I've enjoyed most of his movies
I'm hoping it's at least fun and better than crystal skull
watching Indiana Jones movies after The Last Crusade is like watching Hulk Hogan on TNA days, should have retires on a high note instead of doing some nonsense
Never seen a single one ,never understood the appeal really
Phoebe trying to be a girl boss killed this franchise, it was so cringe  And Harrison Ford being a grumpy old man like Luke Skywalker in Episode 8 was the final nail in the coffin
In the end was did the movie make you have fun or not. If you had fun that is all that counts.
"I dont believe in magic" Was the moment in the trailer that made me not want to see it. Really, Indy!? After EVERYTHING you've seen? The MAGIC stones you used in Temple?! The Nazi killing magic box?! The magic cup that healed a bullet wound!?
Just because something is a sequel to a classic doesn't mean it has to be mediocre or you have to go in with lower expectations. Top gun maverick surpassed the original, blade runner 2049 imo is just as great as the original (both blade runners are in my top 5 favorite films)
When it comes to Indiana Jones, I continue repeating my mantra: *"It ended with The Last Crusade, it ended with The Last Crusade, it ended with The Last Crusade, it ended with The Last Crusade,..."*
I knew this was a cinematic disaster waiting to happen, an 80 year old Indy doing action stunts is ridiculous!
It was exactly what I thought it would be 🤮
The franchise ended with Indiana and his dad riding off into the sunset.
I just qant to see Ford as indie. I can block out the gran daughter..
The newly woke Disney! RotLA: The Dildo of Destiny
They could’ve made a good movie. But they would rather burn down the whole franchise.
I like how other people disrespects others love for other movie trilogies if it doesn’t mean anything to you. You think you can just act like we don’t have good opinions because one other trilogy doesn’t do much for you.   I tried getting into Indiana Jones but the universe is just not for me, but I’m not going to say it’s overrated or bad just cuz it wasn’t up to my entertainment. I love the pirate trilogy! ☠️ but fans like me get treated like trash because we like something that they don’t love at all. Which is not mature at all either. Lol
Well, this is one of those times where I won't trust Chris' review, since he's so much of a fan of the franchise.
your intro music is way too fucking loud
Really loved your commentary on the “film industry” as a whole.
The last film in general but the first I might see in my lifetime. Adventure is Indy and I want to experience it on the big screen.
Glad to hear it is better than Crystal Skull. That was quite difficult to watch...
Haha, you notice that he doesnt have Crystal Skull set up behind him ;)
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was a great film. It ended on a satisfying note, and was a great conclusion to a great trilogy. It’s a shame that we never got any more films afterward.
Indiana Jones movies are overrated
“One specific choice near the end of the film.”  Isn’t it the part where Indy is punched by Helena (and yes, this came from the leaks)?
Nerf Reviews.
Waller-Bridge is obviously a Mary Sue on steroids
I've seen the film, and my god I thought it was bad. I seriously do not know what they were thinking with this film.
I wonder if this’ll be *_ANOTHER_* case of a classic franchise coming back from a decade of hibernation only to produce the most hated movie *_IN HISTORY,_* with people thinking… “Y’know what? The one everyone hated years ago *_IS ACTUALLY THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER MADE!”_*
“I’ve been looking forward to this…”  Oops, wrong Lucasfilm franchise…
The screenplay of the first indy is breath talking and still is iconic to me. The way everything is framed at Marion's bar is perfection.
If adventure has a name, it still remains Indiana Jones. Regardless of quality, I’m glad Harrison Ford got to play Indy one last time.
I will never watch this garbage
Be our Roger Ebert
Looking forward to your movie, Chris! Love that you did indy fan films.
Once again, bringing back legacy characters just to ruin them and bring an annoying, lousy female character to upstage them and piss off the fanbase
Wow this drops as I’m minutes away from seeing the flash.  Chris has perfect timing
The takeaway I had from the trailers is that visually the film just looks far too reliant upon CGI. It has that bright shiny HDR look and it just doesn’t vibe, tonally, with the original trilogy. I had the same issue with Crystal Skull - the set backdrops all looked saturated with cgi flourishes and a lot of the action set pieces looked like they were shot on a sound stage with tons of glaring green screen and special effects. It lost the practical charm of the original trilogy which had physical stunts and real locations. I haven’t seen the movie yet so I’ll withhold judgment but I feel like they really dropped the ball simply from a visual perspective. Best thing they could have done was strip it back to a more modestly budgeted, practical effects reliant action adventure movie… the very fact that this film cost $300 million dollars to produce kinda says it all. It’s just not in the spirit of Indiana Jones.
My favorite Character is also Indiana Jones. I’m just happy I get to see him back at it again. I’m so happy to hear it’s not terrible.
I find it funny that people took offense to Helena calling Indy a grave robber, when in Raiders and Temple they do the same.  Excited to see this.  Edit: Finished the review, thanks for easing my mind Chris. Was gonna see it anyway but hearing it from someone who truly loves Indy is especially reassuring.
Chris’s grin of approval in the thumbnail always calms my fears for a film
Temple of doom my favourite in the franchise
Idk man Disney ain't what it used to be and that's coming from a guy who liked the Crystal skull 😅😅😅
I have had diarrhea every day for eight years.
Instantly clicked.
Might be a bad take. Shia labeouf should of returned
*The Last Crusade honestly is where the franchise should’ve stopped but sometimes people just never know when a good thing to have to come to an end*
A crazy long spoiler free review. Curious how there is so much to say.
Oh my god, he’s going to review it… IS THIS A GOOD SIGN? Edit: Ight nah this guy’s in denial 💀
Here we go
This reminds me of the other summer where you reviewed all of the Indiana Jones movies. So fucking good
Indiana Jones really had me rooting for a white man with a whip 😅
groovie baby
Oh no
Can't wait to hear Jeremy Jahns take on this next!
Same here, my all-time favorite hero. 2nd is John MCclain
😊
Having Harrison back as Indy is a gift, pleasure and honor in itself. And the reason why I’ll see this movie regardless of the reviews.
Awesome watching this review after watching the past 10 years and especially the hilariocity review of the last Indy
Finally a Indy fan that can be honest with me!! Thank You Chris!! One of the YouTube Movie reviewer Goats!!!
I don't have a favorite movie character but homer simpson is my favorite fictional character. Funny to compare him to indy
This movie was so sad... on so many levels. Poor Indy... just let him die.
Not a fan of it. I only know of the Indians jones *trilogy.*
Wow, I’m actually first. What an honor. 🫠
Fingers crossed that you enjoyed the film
He reviewed it must be okay right?
First…one is the best
Chris doesn't want to offend Disney lol
You inspire me, I’m working on my own film for a couple years now thanks to you 🙏
F-
This channel has always been the best. We look forward to see more content.
I hope there are cgi aliens
Oh boy. It’s happening I still have no idea what to expect
