The e-bike for people who need the assistance it opens up the door for worry free mobility and not havimg to stick to the se routes and explore
Sorry not sorry, I'm not getting an ebike until I'm too old to ef up an analogue mbike. an ebike is a personal bike fail for me. but that's me
I love my eMTB. It lets me go on a real ride on days when I just wouldn't have the motivation on my regular bike.   I can't speak for others, but anything that gets me on the trail on days when I otherwise wouldn't is a good thing.
Have both, it's awesome... \m/
i just picked up a REI co op drt 1.1 eMTB on sale for less than $2000. I have asthma and chronic leg injuries and the e-bike have allowed me to ride to class instead of taking a bus, and to get outside on longer rides with my brother instead of holding him back. gets me active and builds up my lung and cardio endurance without knocking me out of commission for a few days.
Just eat a good diet and weight train. There's no need for heavy physical endurance to maintain good health.
I cant afford a e bike....if i had the money for a decent one i would own one.....maybe a used one must have 750w. Someday.
To me the " equalizer" argument was perfect. Not all people are fit to enjoy the trails, ups and downs. Kudos for that.
I love my 160e because it made me a much better rider on an Amish bike(what we call them in Pa). Anyone who thinks they’re cheating or hates on them, hasn’t ridden one in a group ride when everyone’s on them, it’s just like being on Amish bikes all over. I can’t keep up with my faster friends any easier on an eeb. However, I hate riding it if it’s a mixed ride. Only use it for solo rides or full eeb grip rips
I'm a bike commuter, and I have an ebike. You theoretically *could* put in as much effort on an ebike as on a regular bike, but in my experience, I never do. As soon as I get over the 25km/h cut-out, it feels very sluggish compared to a regular bike, and I can put in very little effort to a moderate amount of effort and it only makes about 0.5-1 km/h of difference. Besides sprinting for the green phase on a set of lights I definitely output less power on my ebike.  Since I use my bike to get everywhere though, I do find I go out and do a lot more, given that the effort required is lower
Ebike also gets you in to biking if you're out of shape I ride in eco mode for as long as I can each ride especially up hills.
After jumping dirt bikes, an E mountain bike jumps exactly the same as a normal mountain bike, maybe what, 20 to 40 lbs more?.. I will say, it's scarier jumping a mountain bike than a dirt bike. On its face, mountain biking looks much less intimidating, but dirt bikes feel so much more solid in the air, of course you can always brake tap or panic rev as well. Can't really do it on a mountain bike... Maybe brake tap but can't really pedal mid-air
I think while your body is able that a non ebike is probably best for fitness. If you have a medical issue or age related joint issues etc then an ebike makes sense.
2 reasons: 1) There's always idiots that ruin everything 2) it's a slippery slope. I wouldn't mind the super light, low powered ones but if you let one in, they'll gradually keep pushing the envelope to the point that these people might as well just buy a motorcycle & go do motocross because they are barely pedaling anymore.
Because were cool! If i dont like to pedal and wanted to go places i go on 4 wheels
Your one comment that "It feels like a completely different activity" is accurate. How one engages with the sport of cycling totally changes. Trail selection, ride distance, that shared breather at the top of a climb where people socialize and congratulate each other. In BIG and tiny ways it's different. In a way it was like when road cyclists put fat tires on cruiser bikes back in the '70s and started bombing down dirt trails - the people, culture, mindset, gear - it all changes. What if I told you that extra $2000 you spent to shave a couple pounds off your bike, as well as decades of maniacal weight shaving and engineering... mostly go out the window?
I have to laugh like hell at the whole eMTB stigma. People peddle up like two hills an entire season, and the rest of the time they're taking lifts or shuttling with their bros, but somehow they earned their turns. Meanwhile, a guy who actually peddles up the hill with ASSIST is the cheater. I guess as Doctor Evil said 25 years ago: "Riiiiiiiiight."
So I have heard on several of your vids now that you don't have time to get out that much and every time i hear this i think shouldn't a guy that runs a MTB YT channel be out on the trails making content especially if that's his sole job. Just wondering.
I've ridden everything all my life, but at 66 and two artificial hips and a dicky knee I just converted a mountain bike to e-bike and I simply cannot get off that thing!! Shredding for seniors!!
Man you gotta try a Santa Cruz vala 90, i can’t even explain how it rides, you gotta test it
If you can't handle a mtb you shouldn't be riding a faster heavier mtb
Well i certainly wish I could get into mountain biking, but the entry costs are so high
So why don't you have a pet lizard?🤨
The absolute only issue I have with eMTB is when they are tailing you and getting impatient in long single track climbs. I think we should have different climbs for them or they should take the large fire roads instead
As someone who used to be anti e-bike, I used a traditional gravel bike for my job with 40 lbs of cargo and job related supplies from each location for my teaching job about 12 miles per day around my urban school district. However this one hill kept kicking my butt and I could barely teach my students standing up when I arrived there. I kept arriving home overly exhausted and just physically done. I traded in the traditional bike and moved all of the accessories and baskets over to an e-bike and now can use the assist to maximize range. Still getting plenty of exercise and now hardly ever use my car in town as a result since I feel more confident going on longer rides with more varied terrain. My opinion: if you have cargo, e-bike wins all the way for steep hill usage. For fun, I enjoy a light traditional hybrid without cargo. Note that on the e-bike I am still beating my colleagues to the next school who are driving in their cars due to all the urban traffic. My job requires me to get to multiple schools in the school day. Now I’m riding more and doing about 15 to 20 miles per day.
After years of failing to get to ride with me, He finally learned how to ride a bike at Camp Blue Star this summer at kanuga so we bought him his dream bike and are making trails in our backyard in Massachusetts. Unfortunately, i gave up on riding my old 98 trek full suspension after a stem cell procedure to restore my lumbar. Though we rode ebikes while living in Japan  to get the kids around and do our shopping instead of driving. it seems like an e mountain bike would be the best way to get back on the trail with my boy, even if the tires need to be a bit on the fat side😅 Thanks for all your content we really get a lot out of it.
I got an e-bike last summer. I pedal just as hard as I did my enduro. I sweat just as much. At the end of the day I’m just as tired. Sure I could chose not to,  but I don’t. I no longer have an analog bike. I now enjoy the fast ride up as much as the rides down. The skills challenge riding up fast is exciting and… yes… tiring. And… doing 3x more runs down, those are also more tiring.   You can use an e-bike to be lazy, sure. But that’s a personal choice and the people I ride with don’t. We go hard!
I sold my eMTB for a no electric fatbike and i love it. Some say i'm stupid. Riding it every day and it works every time, also perfect in winter. For me it feels better.
E-bikes should be a specific solution to personal "problems" bikes possibly can't solve. For example, I live in a super hilly area.. Commuting uphill (on a road) or around and about everyday on a normal bike is not fun and simply too exerting (not physical condition related). I do want to commute more with my bike - and commuting uphill on an e-bike is like riding the bike on a flat surface. You still get cardio, on a comfortable pace. An e-bike will NOT stop you from having a good exercise on it! I love doing forest roads, offroad etc, but don't do MTB as a sport (downhill trails or jumps, tracks, etc). It has solved all of my location based issues. Just damn brilliant. And I believe that's how everyone should look at e-bikes. Does it solve a problem for you or make you happy, enable you to do more of what you wanted to? If yes, get it. If no, you don't need it! Cheers
The East Coast hates ebikes.... you can't ride them anywhere except private property. No bike parks, no trails, just pure hate. We have 0 OHV trails. They don't want anyone driving anything on public land. I'm trying to make my own trails, but I only have 18 acres. It's such a shame. There are so many great places to ride. I have 0 interest in riding a bike without a motor, but I want to be riding outdoors. If the culture war hadn't started back in 2014, I would have moved out West to ride. Nothing is worth putting up with their politics, though.
I got an emotorcycle at 39. In the past 2 years, I have put over 12,000 miles on it. I got my motorcycle license, but I still don't even know how to ride a motorcycle. Pretty ridiculous, but I'm not trying to impress anyone, just enjoy what I love. I have no friends to be ashamed of me. I live in NW SC. It's a very difficult place to enjoy electric bikes and motorcycles. If my motorcycle breaks, I have to drive it 4 hours to get fixed. I love it, though, so whatever it takes.
They make technical climbs fun and accessible.  And great for exploring down new trails, because riding back up is made easier.
Where is the penny farthing?
E-MTBs are the future, once they get the weight down a little bit they will be superior to analog bikes and most applications.
I bought an ebike (trek fuel) about 4 years ago I loved it Im a 250 to 300 lb rider at 250 Im not fat or out of shape but physics matter. The EBike allowed me to ride trails I never could before and also in groups I wouldnt be the anchor. I know that for many people this sounds wierd but I never worked so hard on a bike as I did with my EBike, I wouldnt Bonk right away and could just do more work. A lot of very fit riders tell me the same as well and they use the EBike for recovery days as well. But alas I sold the bike 6mos later because the state park manager didnt want ebikes on his trails, the state is OK with them in state parks but they leave it to the discresion of the park managers so no riding locally for me. To me the biggest issue is trail access and thats already a major issue  for any MTBs. EBikes are very much in need of clarification for political reasons A suron that goes 40 mph with a motocycle suspension is not the same as a 20 mph pedal assist EBike with a typical MTB supension. At what point are some of these "EBikes" an electric motorcyle that need to be treated as such. I see 10 year old kids doing wheelees in street traffic in these things lol. I'm not saying this or that should be legal or not but the laws currently have not been thought through and are inadequate IMO.
get a downhill bike
Personally I feel e bikes are for people who have some sort of disability or age is working against you. If you’re healthy just get a regular mtb so you can stay healthy.
Hey Seth who is Evan
Buy a second hand Mountain Bike.  Get a YosePower Kit.  Budget E-Bike.
You don't own an e bike for similar reasons that I don't own a microwave
Damn freeloadin’ e-bikes!!!
Why don’t you have a road bike
I have been cycling for 35 years and I dont have an ebike either. I like to build my muscle in my legs and getting the daily exercise and my knees are healthy. Maybe if I get knee issues in the future I might get an ebike.
$65.99 ? I'll take the lot  tyvm. Think he did not put the seperator correct, or was he talking remtal prize?
E bikes are destroying bike paths, come up behind you doing 30 mph
One can install a pretty lightweight, mostly-removable e-kit on a decent hardtail...covering alot of bases, if you're not a pro.
Ebike is fun, bc it allows you to do climb at faster speeds, and thus if climb time is shorter you can pedal harder SO essentially ebike makes you pedal harder and much more faster Or ride the same track many more times, either way you'll end when you'll get tired
*You could hide an ebike on a lot of those trails that you said they aren't allowed.*   A Turbo Levo SL hides it quite well.
I ride road bike weekly, but I just bought emtb and I have never sweat that much when biking.
i definitely see the benefits, but i snagged my 98 gt lts for under $200, fully serviced....I'm cheap :D and if have a spare 5-10 grand, I'm getting another 65 chrylser 300
Evans onring was off
I'm into trail riding as well as leisure riding, but I also go to the gym a fair bit; I hesitated a lot about getting an eMTB but it's been so nice to be able to fit in chill rides amongst the rest of my fitness routine and to hit the trails without feeling completely worn out by the end.
With an electric mountain bike you're gonna go twice as fast, you're gonna put in 400% more mileage, you're gonna have 1000% more fun, your fitness level will go up, your riding skills will go up. There are absolutely no drawbacks. Regular bikes are effing boring!
I’m a 63 year old retired pro YZ 125 & 250 Yamaha who raced against men. My body has a few pins and rods and just from aging alone.  An ebike opens the doors for a wider range of riding. You guys will understand the aging process when you get there and will appreciate a pedal assist with a mid range motor to get you where you want to go.
Although it's joked about online, I have never been approached by a person as a 45-year-old fat white guy about my E bike even though I ride it on Noni Bike trails all the time. Honestly, we all know what we are really looking out for. It's the new Curran and E-dirt bikes that we don't want on our trails, tearing them up riding them out.  With that being said, I think Mountain bikers have irrationally gone to the slippery slope approach which I think is as irrational as that argument usually is. What I love about my E bike from my regular mountain bike. Is simply that I get more runs in. Although the downhill is more strenuous, it's more fun than peddling up a hill. To me besides people who are in bad shape getting out on the trails, which I think is great. Even once you get in shape as I have over the last year, I just get to spend more time going downhill and doing the fun thing then pumping up a hill.  I think if we had a season pass and we all had Whistler Black home in our backyard. Our pumping uphill days would be over. That's not why we go mountain biking now cross country at high speeds hitting whoops I get that. That's that's totally awesome. But most people would prefer even in a cross country scenario to be going Slightly downhill rather than the climb. I don't think there's anybody except the real sicko out there, you know who you are, that love the ascent more than the decent.  If you're worried about regulation. The Rangers and police will come up with something. There are ways to test bikes to see how much output there is. I think we could limit E bike motors to 100 n/m and just watch the technology grow and get lighter.
whats the differents in cross country bike vs enduro they look exactly the same i dont see why you would need both
just my 2 cents - testing an ebike in bentonville isn't a great test of the concept of an ebike. Riding in the PNW you can burn up a 750wh batteries in less than two hours no problem. I've also been tracking my HR on ebike and normal bike for a couple of years and i burn more calories in a shorter amount of time and have a higher average HR. I love normal bikes and rode them for many years, ebikes have a place and they do a lot to get people out and riding cool stuff.
My worry would be that it could get newer riders into trouble... The idea that you can go out and spend 4k on an E-MTB, and immediately climb and descend a massive mountain, is a bit worrisome. At least with a traditional mountain bike, your physical limits will typically stop you from being able to access something that is inherently unsafe for unskilled riders. It definitely seems like a great thing for people who couldn't otherwise ride a bike though.
Wait, is that a Phoenixville bike park water bottle?  That's my lunch break playground
"Am I breaking a sweat yet?" "Am I breaking a sweat yet?" "Am I breaking a sweat yet?"  My brother in Christ, the pedal assistance is adjustable on most e-bikes. Turn it down. Heck, turn it off and see how that feels. You can still get your cardio, and you have an extra tool to use when aiming for a target heart rate, so you can ride the trails you want and get the workout you need.
I got myself a hardtail e MTB couple of months ago. It's great for exercise. I try my best to not use the motor as much as possible. I use the motor to take the edge off the end of a climb sorta like having a spotter at the gym helping you do the last few reps in your set.  It's also nice having the that instant power to get moving when riding in traffic or sharing the trail with off-road vehicles.
a non e-bike is called  acoustic bike     source? trust me bro
I have e-bike, but I dont like mtbs, this is extreme for me, got one for 800$ basic and I am pretty happy with this piece.
A great workout when the battery dies with 5 miles to go😂 Ask me how I know
A lot of the same here. All my friends are really into e-bikes... But I cycle for exercise. And I'm not going to blast through twice or three times the distance just cause I get an e-bike. I want it to be hard. It being hard is the point for me.  I get why people like e-bikes, especially if they have a disability or other fitness barrier. No shame, you do you. It's just not for me.  Also, if I needed a long distance commuter bike for work or to replace a car. I would DEFINITELY get an e-bike; I just wouldn't use it for exercise.
I'm 63 and own 3 bikes: my precious early century Schwinn Moab 3 mountain bike, a second-hand Bauer RS100 road bike I landed for free, both of which I use daily on Tacx trainers by my office desk as I watch YouTube videos of rides by other people in countries all around the globe; and a Giant CrossCity for commuting to work twice a week, about all I need from the car-chokka city roads out there. The day I can't ride the third one safely or I'm too old for it, it goes onto another trainer and Bob's your uncle. Then, and only then, maybe I'll get an electric bike, but only if it has the right looks and feel. Most of the e-bikes I see out there are horribly chunky and aesthetically awful. Repair and maintenance can be quite the issue though... I'll probably be too old and lazy for that anyway so, well, nah.
I recently bought a Cube Stereo Hybrid one22 with 800Ah for 3100. Sure, I wont be able to do the drops and jumps you guys do, but I wouldnt be able to on a "normal" MTB either, because I am a beginner. I am pretty sure this bike will make it much easier for me to hop on and go explore, and thats what its about, right? :)
I always liked riding a bike of any kind for the fitness aspects and challenge. For that reason alone I have no interest in ebikes. On top of that, all the trails in my area don't allow them. If your trails allow them, sure. But if you don't have any sort of preexisting conditions that make riding a normal bike difficult or impossible, I think you should just get a normal bike. For the same price you are getting a better parts spec on the normal bike as well and the ebikes tear through cheaper drivetrains like crazy.
Think I do want one. Will be 60 years old next month and frankly those century rides (raising money for a cause) are getting substantially more difficult. Might be out of your wheelhouse, but should you test any e-road bikes, that would be cool.
Really? No pet lizard? Let’s be honest….
Historically a road bike rider. Just purchased my first MTB….. or eMTB, a 2025 SantaCruz heckler SL. It does not feel anything like my wife’s e-bike. Jus a little bit of assistance
Here I am feeling like $850 was expensive for the bike I bought. I can't even imagine having a bike that's $3,000 or more.
Reducing cardio is the main point of not getting an e-bike. I also have nothing against them. As long as they bring people outside - these bikes are wonderful. But I myself do not want to lose 'the only excercise I get'.
As an older Mountain Biker I use an e-bike to put an upper limit on my heart rate. Once it gets above a certain level I’ll give myself some boost to keep it in the orange zone. I can do that while still enjoying the trails.
I'm kind of at the stage where my ebike (a Lectric XP 2.0) is like my commuter/grocery getter and my mountain bikes are for trails. Like two different worlds, but with the price of mountain bikes on the mid to high end not going down and the price of ebikes dropping... I feel like a $2k range electric hard tail could be my do-it-all in the near future.
I have 34 bikes and no Ebike why because I am 50 and like to stay in shape if that makes sense.
Really good video I liked it.  That being said, I can't imagine any scenario in my life where I would ever pay 9k for a pedal bike but hey, each to their own.  Happy riding.
Sorry, but e-bike riders are not cyclists. It's cheating pure and simple. I'm happy they enjoy themselves, but it's a totally different thing and they should not be compared. Someone putting in years and hundreds of thousands of calories into being in shape isn't the same as someone riding a motorized dirtbike.
Im 39 and my knees are hurting. Probably from all the flat drops, soccer, and whatever else. Im trying to get back into it since my Son started to show interest. So ebike is the way to go. My dad had a knee replacement and has other health issues, but e bikes allowed him to stay fit and ride 40-60km a trip in his 60s. So e bike will take Over just like disc brakes took over back in the day.
whats your thoughts on battery safety seeing so many more bikes than myself? I just bought a giant Stance e+2 and love it just a little worried keeping battery in the house , from some the stories ive heard and a few in my own town , is it mainly cheaper bike that have batteries blowing up. Have you heard any horror stories? since your around bikes more than me maybe you can relax my mind lol
I believe your video convinced someone who could actually use an e-mtn bike to get an acoustic bike.   After their first ride, it became apparent that an e-bike would have been really helpful to gain more access to the top of trails.   Now, this person may start looking for an e-bike as well.  This person trusted your advice even more than going for a test ride and doing a  real world evaluation of the bike and himself.
Why don't you have a downhill bike?
Evan mtb jumpscare
E bikes dont make u not work hard if u want to. i used my dads to go to school and was over the assistlimit all the time (turns of at 27kph). I was still driving almost without a motor but i was going 35kph
why did he say that ebikes are not allowed on berm park? didnt he see them in the cargo bikeshop vid
Nice to see your progressing reaction over the course of the video. I can only tell you: I also ride mtb and emtb depending on the time I have and the people I'm riding with. Nevertheless, I use my ebike more often as it actually opens up riding opportunities whenever there would not be enough time or I'm afraid of feeling too exhsusted (before or after the ride). I also have two little kids and sometimes it is really hard to squeeze in a ride as the days are long and crammed. If it wasn't for my emtb I would be exercising much less. You don't come home and have to recover for the rest of the day but spend time with your family. And it is still great training, even cardio, as it mainly takes away the peak heart rate sections in my experience. Most of the time I pedal just as hard as on a regular bike. And it made me a better rider: It's much easier to session sections. Moreover I love the exploration aspect: With my emtb I just spontaneously ride up stuff and look at things that I'd usually not consider taking a look at. I do a lot of local riding right at my doorstep and I have come to know my way around very well. I also like not taking my car to go to various riding spots and try to make it a bike tour whenever it's possible. So yeah, apart from the weight I really love my emtb. My dream would be a light emtb (sub 20 kg) with range extender I guess. But that was over my budget at the time. Next bike will be a light emtb.
I can see the appeal if under skilled or health issues, but they are not my style. I enjoy climbing and enjoy the downs that much more knowing you earned it 💪🏼
They are acoustic bikes if no motor like a guitar 😅
Life long rider but never higher than recreational. I'm over 65 and live in a desert region where summer temperatures prohibit me from riding much if at all outside. Sometimes, it is just too hot. You have the option of an indoor gym or stationary bike in the home. I never succeeded with those. I need to get outside. The ebike opened that hot time back up for riding. You can adjust levels or even turn off the boost if you like. But without the ebike, much of summer for me would be walking in the mall. I'm not there yet and don't want to get there.
E-bikes are just too fast for my blind ass lol
E-bikes eat legs.  I was a middle-distance (200-1200 km) road cyclist, but when I reached 75 I decided I needed a little help and put a hub motor on one of my bikes.  Well, it was great: I'd done my last 200k at 70, but now I could manage a 240k with 1500 metres of climbing.  A couple of months on and I could still manage 112k on one of my 'honest' bikes: however, doing decent distances again with the motorized beast (aka the eBrute) was more fun.  Three years on and I now have a motor on the 'honest' bike.  Slinging >20 kilos around is wearing, though, so two weeks ago I bought an entry-level road bike with no motor, and I've done a couple of rides on it.  Back when I was doing distance rides I could cover 300km per day: yesterday I did 50 km and today I'm wasted.  I seem to have damaged a quad, too.  Moral of the story: don't buy an e-bike unless there's no other way of achieving what you need to do. And if you do, ride an unmotorized bike as often as you can.
I don’t have anything against E bikes or people that ride them. I just specifically don’t wanna get one until I need one.
In America there's lots of confusion about ebikes...  First of all, ebikes are not for injured or handicapped people and even if you're "fit" there's many things you can't possibly do with a normal bike and with an ebike you can... and to discover what's the real potential you should ride a full power bike doing proper hillclimbing, obviously if you do normal trail riding or bike park there's no need to use an ebike, here in Italy you can ride everywhere without any limitations and ebikes are consolidated reality, I hope in usa perspectives will change because ebikes are too fun to be hated only because people have no idea on what they are.
..because it is for the gays...
theres a bunch of fake car guys just like you :   you talk to them about EVs ( car ) and they flip out they start talking about : no soul , no connection to the car , no sense of nothing, and im just here sitting in my tesla thinking what are they even talking about , my last car was a 2012 gt500 my car before that was a c6 corvette , the car before that was a 2007 viper , and finally i pulled the trigger on an ev and i see people ( haters ) talking about how EVs are soulless and im just here scratching my head like what are they even talking about are they really NPC's, like bro i love my gas vehicles but i also love love my EV is like the best thing it could ever happen in modern life . but i understand we still have people stuck in 1600's or 1400's people is 2025 and batteries and motors have come a long long way is better to adapt than to look stuck on the past.
When my bones hurt some more and my knees start to give out a little more, then I will get an E Bike. But I'm 45 and still have some grunt left in me, lol.
Picked up an emtb after not riding for years and being able to ride all the trails I used to like I didn't stop was great.   If you want more a work out you can just turn down the assist but how many really do that?  Lately I do and when I get tired (yes it happens!) I can turn up the assist and continue on riding.   Tons of pluses to have one with the biggest negatives being cost and motor durability/repairability.
From my experience it’s proven e-bike makes you aged fast. I’ve seen it with my own eyes. Some of the people I know aged 10 years forward. Nothing beats analog. My purpose of my riding is to stay fit
Apparently the best way to build cardio fast, according to a guy who short swapped into a trip to Peru, the advice he got...  Was that you need to maintain your correct exercise rate for as long as possible.  This is what e-bikes do.  You choose an exertion level and the electronics keep you at it.  You just have to be sure you aren't going too fast for safety, and you have to chose your ideal level and stick with it.
You’ve got both, incredible appetite and tolerance for falls!
You CAN get a "workout" on an e-bike, but  typically people don't. At the end of the day, they are for the elderly and disabled. Seeing able bodied people on e-bikes is the same to me as seeing them on mobility scooters. I had even less respect for them after I was forced to try one. They can't even go as fast, because they are limited to 25kph and they couldn't go any faster in any case, because they weigh a ton.
54, blown out back. I was super into MTB for over 3 decades, but that super nice expensive FS whip that was my pride and joy has been collecting dust.   Realized I was dangerously close to a beyond the point of no return sedentary condition and made the jump. I'm riding again now. Nuff said.
You are the best YouTube MTB channel. Shredding and helping others. Cheers Seth
If you don’t need one, you don’t need one. But for me it’s been a motivator. I get out more and I strive to get to the point where I won’t even need one. I can feel my health getting better. Although it’s an e-bike but I do get a good workout and I love it.
hahaha my thoughts too. I'm waiting for a lighter generation.
It is the punishment, the workout and the joy to Beat his mountain on your own and not with the help of an electric motor
No e bikes in parks cuts out a lot of society who could enjoy cycling. I use both and both give a very different workout levels. The  bike only assist when you put effort in it is not proactive it is reactive so if you put the effort in it will then assist. hece why you still feel touve had a work out.
Middle age and got heart condition. Ebike got me back on the trail.  If I  were normal health I would still be on a regular bike. Still bad trade offs  of switching to ebike include:  limited distance based on batteries, weight, snobs glares on trails ect.
Riding a normal bike is a physical sport. Riding e-bike is not a sport, it's sightseeing or simply moving from place to place.
Cool and entertaining  video. I get ya. Im sure its awesome and I might like it too much. I take it when its time it’s time. Cheers!
What is the best bike for kids
So what about that pet lizard?
This is more to the commenters: Stop with the e-bikes are only for those that are older or physically limited. Elite athletes are using ebikes to allow for consistent zone 2 workouts in steep or technical terrain. They work so well this way, they allow for a long and consistent zone 2 workout that is the critical aspect for endurance training, all without having to be on a trainer or boring terrain. My cardio has improved using ebike as an intentional training tool although my anaerobic and burst power has def decreased. If you can not afford one I strongly recommend the boredom of a trainer or dedicated zone 2 time if you want to improve cardio. They also make it much more fun to ride with partners of differing fitness and uphill skill level. They make is so much easier for those still learning as they are not exhausted by the up and thus unable to physically and mentally focus on the down - so many beginner and intermediate crashes are bonk related. They are amazing for rehabbing injuries where torgue needs to be limited especially knees. They are incredible if your only access is a steep fire road that would otherwise be a miserable anerobic grind or hike a bike, while that is fun it will limit your desire to do it back to back days. And yes they are incredible for aging or otherwise limited bodies that still have all the desire and bike handling skills and want big days but just can't. I have both, I use both, I love both. That said I am a much bigger fan of lightweight SL ebikes that handle more like analog on the down but do require a significant pedaling the entire time. Not super interested in a 55lb 750w unless I am going to the Alps. The reality is that ebikes will soon be the majority of new medium and high end MTB bikes sold and will likely be 80% of that huge sector within 5 years so even if you hate them you should prepare to wrap your brain around that. The industry already has.
i ride a regular bike because…exercise
Have you looked at the actual data of how much you rode on that ebike? According to early studies, people on e-bikes tend to ride 3 to 5 times as much as on muscular bikes. I own a muscular mountain bike, a muscular touring bike and a city e bike, and I chose the e-bike for the city because I knew I would not hesitate to ride much further and much more often than I would on a regular bike.
Excellent video! I’m in my 50s been riding trails for 17 years. About 4 yrs ago I learned I have lung issues so eventually bought an e bike. I use when I’m struggling to get in shape and also when I ride with my friends who are much more capable than I am. Eventually the e-bike allows me to get back on my specialized enduro and get in better riding shape. I still ride my analog enduro, but find I enjoy both bikes for different reasons
I don't hate ebikes but I do get why they get banned from places because of how *some* ebike users behave, when they pass you going full speed in a narrow flat section, when they do this 2:51 on every turn destroying the berms, when they shred the way uphill so badly it has to be re-done 3x as often. Ebike users that fall into the "rich guy in his 50s that barely knows how to mtb but enjoys trash talking everyone else" that's what people hate. Now, I wouldn't ban them either but just trying to maybe explain the possible motivation behind of that
my godddd get on with it, video could have been 2 min
I own a 750 CC motorcycle and a 2000 bucks gravel bike. I'm closing in on 50. I still run the Marathon. It's exercise, or it's a ride. One or the other. No hybrids.
No doubt, for certain individuals, an ebike is a Godsend, and good for them. If the batteries are as large as scooters though, there is a very good reason to prohibit them in many places as they pose a serious fire hazard. The likelihood might be low, but battery fires are especially difficult to extinguish and generate highly toxic gases. Battery fires require expensive specialized firefighting equipment which many places don't have. Unfortunately, batteries can easily be damaged, dramatically increasing the risk of fire.
E bikes are for lazy out of shape people or the elderly
Uncle rode across the U.S. about 3 times.  He’s 75 and refuses an ebike because he’s afraid it will be too easy like driving a car or riding a motorcycle.  I asked him why doesn’t he just walk across the U.S. if making it harder is a requirement?  He said, “are you crazy? Do you know how much stuff I have to carry and how hard it would be to walk?”
I am on my third fat tire ebike, mainly because I've been a avid mechanical/conventional bike rider all my life; but after turning 50 I just don't have the knees I used to have and I still enjoy the outdoor freedom of bike riding. I am also a part of the Chicago Critical Mass and the Chicago South Side riders. If anyone thinks that wrangeling an almost 200 lb ebike with a 200+ lb rider is "cheating" they should try a 80 mile ride...
This is a great video 🎉🎉 I have a cheap mountain bike 🚲 which I love but im looking into getting an E-bike.  PS: I just turned 58 😂
If you just want to punish yourself - I guess - sure? But keeping your heart rate to a good level 2 or 3 for 3 or 4 times longer will build your endurance much faster.
I just like being outside. I work out pretty regularly. I dont need an ebike. I just commute with mine and take it on atv trails (it's a hub motor fat bike, not an eMTB).
The speed is the biggest issue with e-bikes.  People tearing up trails because they’re going superhuman speeds uphill and going way too fast in general for the terrain and traffic.  It’s always a few people that get it banned for everyone.
I am an obese person and I have a big problem with my right ankle that does not allow me to push it too hard. My e-bike has allowed me to ride and exercise even in these conditions, with a normal bike it would have been impossible for me.
More importantly why no motorcycle
ebikes are for the weak, if your young and strong they are detrimental to getting stronger
I have been riding for 20 years and had my fair share of bikes. With life, kids, work, responsibilities its difficult to stay consistent out on the trails and keep a level of endurance. I recently picked up my first EMTB to get out for a quick rip and not be slowed down by lower level of endurance not to mention time is always against me with family duties. It does what is intended, quick rides. If I want to ride with buddies that ride traditional MTB's I drop into Eco mode and work with them but on solo rides at the last minute I crank it up to Sport and hit the trails hard. I still have a traditional hardtail MTB if I want to feel the burn.
mothorized vehicule or bicicles? soul biker or just a motor person or an asist need person. lets keep the bicicle world free of engines we know we are the engine
I selled my e bike. I bought 1x11 HT mtb bike. I figured that feet muscles was weaked 4 yers after e biking.
Cranking uphill on a trail is fun as hell and being able to do a 45 minute climb in 15 minutes during a lunch break is a game changer. I can do a 1500ft climb on a lunch break. That’s a crazy quality of life change.
Nothing wrong with ebikes...
I think you should review the Bonnell 775 MX E-MTB
Very well stated on so many levels.    1.3 years now with my SL.  I LOVE that i can ride with the fast NICA groups that my kids are in.    However, the downsides are exactly as you state as well.    Great video.
Yeah my riding buddy always talks about progressing to an ebike one day. I have no desire to ride one. I do see the draw of being able to shred hard up hill and how that opens up the terrain but i enjoy the grind far too much
One day as you get older and your knees no longer are healthy as younger years you might get one to let you get back to places you no longer can easily reach
Do tracklocross next 😅
You also dont have a mini velo.
The invention of so called e-bikes is all about human lazyness. We don't like to struggle to hard. I say so called e-bikes, because we don't name it as what it in fact is; it's bikes with motors and that is well, motorcycles or mopeds. Make a thought experiment; assume we replace the electric motor with one that runs on gasoline but with same power output and max speed and all other technical details alike, so it's comparable in every way with e-bikes. What would we call a bike like that, a "gasoline bike"? No, it would of course be called a motorcycle or moped. We fool ourselves, just name something electric  and all critical thinking disappears. That being said, I think it's good if people with health issues, young or old, ride with motor assistance. But I think it's silly when I meet people in good shape and health who ride e-bikes just because it goes faster and is not so hard. And it's a shame with all the kids on e-bikes, they should build a strong health instead with normal bikes.
8:09 made my day... 😂
And the globalistsparmaffia doesn't want the people healty so....they try to get the fools on those idiot things instead of sporting
I agree the point of view of not getting enough exercise. I have ebike and i am buying analog bike now.
My concern is mainly that an e mtb is just the first step. Next will be a fill electic offroad bike in the forest.
I like the double diamond frame a lot, and every e bike I’ve ridden feels like it’s not the answer for the package imo
Mountain Biking, like surfing, is a "wholistic" sport that pits man against nature the entire activity.  Can I climb that hill without stopping?  Can I make that gap?  Adding a motor is a different sport for weaker people, and when you have to share the same trails, like a surfer must share the same waves, it's annoying as hell to see hordes of weaklings clogging the trails, disobeying conventions.   E-bikes are pushed for one reason, and it's the revenue stream.  They're the latest hot ticket for the beer-gutted, insecure weekend warrior who's aching to be seen riding the same rig as their neighbor.  And don't get me started on all corrupted Strava KOMs.  Please note this is not directed at riders who have a legit medical need for an e-bike.  At 53, I'm sure I'll need one at some point, hopefully later than sooner.
For those w/ a legitimate need, Ebikes are a real game changer and I fully support them.   Not saying those who don't need them shouldn't have them.   I mean why not have them...all it cost is a little self respect, right?    I won't use a motor until I absolutely require one and I hope that's a long while.
Because it's a bit like having a shower in a raincoat! 🤣
Use the button to change modes and dial in your workout.  In Eco mode it’s pretty much a full effort experience.
Ebikes are for the elderly or commuters. If you ride bikes for the full experience, "analog" bikes are the best.
I have a fat tire cruiser e-bike and I have a regular bike.   Have the best of both worlds.
$5000 - 6000 what do you do for a living? Heck I got a $1000 full suspension. Unless you give you one I'll never pay over 2k period. I mean really who...has 5- 10k just to spend on mountain bike. It's nuts
I've been able to carry on biking thought 3 months of chemo thanks to an ebike.
I used to scratch my head at a colleague who rode a street bike for fitness, and he was always on a quest to find the lightest possible components to upgrade his street bike.  One day I asked him, “wouldn’t a heavier bike make you even more fit?”  He didn’t really have an answer to that question.
Every single one of his videos are either educational, interesting or inspiring! Dang man even his bad ones are fun to watch!  Well done Sir!
The hate towards ebikes is pretty funny to me. Its the same, lame, elitism i used to see in Strongman, bodybuilding and fitness circles, from the "almost good" crowd. Basically if you are "almost" good at something, you take others doing less or a less pure version of what you are doing and call them "weak". No one top of their sport or hobby puts down others for taking an easier or different path, because no matter what an ebiker, for example, does, they will never be a top mountain bike rider. Not least because you wouldnt be able to ride an emtb in a non emtb race.  So its just the same old rhetoric, cover your insecurities over your average ability by bullying those who take a less hardcore path. Your problem isnt with ebikes, its with yourself.
Im 33, i have a bad back and bad hips. My e-bike makes it possible for me to ride without over doing it. I only use just enough assist to keep me going. I like having the option to turn it up if i need to. It makes riding much more enjoyable.
I rented an e-bike for the first time when riding in Squamish and omg it was incredible. Legit one of the best days of riding of my life haha. I want one now. And I love fitness! I do triathlons! But the number of laps I got in Squamish was insane
I don't an own ebike, but if I lived in the mountains I 100% would. I love renting them whenever I go to Silesia, Poland and climbing up mountains I'd never manage on my normal bike. I think everyone should try renting an ebike at least once if they ever go on holiday somewhere mountainous.
I think if you're getting an E-bike why no just get a normal electric bike. I feel like it defeats the whole purpose of healthy riding.
According to some college studies, e-bike still give close to the same cardio that normal bikes do. Part of this is because you can go for more time and distance compared to normal bikes. I don't have an e-bike but it is something to keep in mind.
New favorite channel
Is punishment on a mountain bike really necessary? I'm no doctor but last i checked, zone 2 is all we really need. And when you're riding twice as much it's truly a win-win. To each their own!
I'd like to see more mountain unicycling
I had to subscribe to this great channel. and yeah, I have an enduro ebike.
I recently bought a used Bulls Copperhead Evo 2 for around 1100 with around 3700km on it. I also got damaged lungs since birth and because of that only able to build stamina very frkn slowly. Since I got the E-Bike it allowed me to commute to work with it (around 20km and 520m height-difference through various forests - dunno in freedom-units though).  One of the best purchases I´ve made so far.  I still have my older normal Hardtail, which I use for shorter distances.
I am very disabled and in an electric wheelchair and I used to be the kind of guy that was never still, constantly doing different sports and I loved cycling. I still feel that way but can be hurt by lifting my arm. I just got my first bike in 15 years and I adore it. it is a hybrid hand bike that attaches to my manual wheelchair. if it was not a hybrid I would get tired very quick, hurt myself, have a seizure and be away from home on a good day. I don't need to worry because as long as I'm conscious I can always use the accelerator and get home, it has a huge battery but if it ran out I could still pedal and in a real emergency I can still be pushed. it goes fast too and as I have always been a speed freak it is the best feeling. It is off road capable but because it I front wheel powered it does lose traction at a certain gradient but you can get powered wheels for your wheelchair which connect and give you full wheel drive which I plan to get eventually. it is all bike parts so can be taken to any bike shop. I get so much attention when on it too.
I didn't watch the video just came for the comments haha sorry.  >25 years of mtb here..and aside from the nuisance of being passed a lot on the climb trail, I don't see any issue.  I tried one, immediately realized the fun potential of climbing and more laps so I bought one.  MY reason has ZERO to do with fitness and everything to do with FUN.  If you have a problem with that it's probably because I just passed you.
The scene in Europe is so different. I don’t drive a mountain bike. I choose a track on weekends around towns or the countryside .
Honestly just got an e bike. It's getting me out more and even peddling un assisted.
Bro unless someone gives me money to buy a mtb, I’ll buy anything I want !
This vid was a lot more open minded and fair than I was expecting. For me, an old knee injury was the barrier and for 15 years I kinda just assumed I would never be able to get back into my most beloved sport/hobby. But I got on an ebike and realized that the door was definitely still open to me. I went with a lightweight one with a lower powered motor because I still wanted to get a workout and I also wanted the bike to handle more or less like a "real mountain bike." My bike is designed to be rideable with the battery taken out too, so bike parks and places that don't allow ebikes should (in theory?) still let me ride. If my knee can take it. Anyway I think they're sick and like you said, there are some really decent mid range models that are pretty dang affordable.
I have a few hours of riding time on a turbo levo and about 15 days of downhill at killington. Ebikes are incredible.  It just makes whatever you’re doing, no matter what shape you’re in, it just takes what you already are capable of, and makes you faster.  It makes a trail turn into downhill run.
My excuse is much simpler. I can't justify the price for it hehehe.
If your pedaling as hard as you can and still use an embt, are you not putting in the same effort as a regular bike? So you get a little further along, or get up that hill a little easier. But your at least biking and being outdoors more and you enjoy it more, and you bike more often. I use an eMBT for steep hills then I shut it off. Where do I fall?
I think the question is not “Is an emtb a good thing?…”. Maybe better might be “Is an emtb a good thing for ME?…” given the kind of riding I like to do (or would like to do), what my fitness level is (or what I’d like it to be), what basic physical limitations are……and on and on. An emtb is a tool to create an outdoor experience, and so adjustable in its “e-ness” these days as to be a very good tool for that.  For lots of folks, for a vast array of reasons. And of course, like ANY tool for ANTthing, an ebike can be “misused,” I guess:  that’s just common sense.  That said, moving too fast on the wrong trails, drifting every corner, and skidding all over the mtn require only a bike - any bike. All this from a confirmed luddite:  73, and don’t own one, though it’s not hard to see myself on one down the road.  For now, for my fitness (& goals), my trails, yadayada, I’m good with what I got.  For now, I need more saddle time, more reps, and more basic handling skill than I do more assist.  And that’s just me. Whatever yr rockin’, have a ball out there.  Fall in love with the woods you ride.
now im curious why you dont have a downhill bike? i guess anymore you really dont need a downhill an all mountain, freeride, enduro bike would do just fine but still i love a good old double crown downhill bike
You will still get quite a workout on emtb.  Its like a stationary bike at the gym where you can lesson and add resistance at will..
I am really curious about what you would think about the budget entries into the market. Velotric's Summit 1 is a hard tail for 2k, and while it is heavier and pretty basic, that's *very* affordable for an emtb. Not to mention the fat tire hybrids that Velotric and Aventon make, (the Nomad and Aventure) which could definitely do some types of trail and gravel stuff all day.   It's certainly a different segment than these more premium mid drive lighter weight, exclusively MTB oriented rides, but it would be an interesting thing to explore on the channel: Just what kinds of adventures you can really achieve on a 'starter' off road ebike.
When I can’t ride my analogue bike I’m buying a YZ250 and get Tht real dopamine rush
I’m 27 and I’ve been disabled since 22 and miss my active lifestyle, losing most function I’ve finally gotten to a point where I’m able to go on short rides on my e bike and it’s a game changer with a regular bike I wouldn’t be able to get outside at all I would be stuck at home all day with it going for a walk or ride around for some fresh air just isn’t possible. I got a super cheap e bike from Amazon for 700 bucks and it has been one of the best purchases I’ve made. If you’re a disabled rider like me  chances are you won’t be pushing your gear nearly as hard. so you really don’t need crazy high end pro level stuff. If you have been considering getting any bike at all just do it and thank your self later. If it helps you go outside and enjoy live then it’s worth any amount in my opinion just find one for your budget!
Just fyi, i started mountain biking as I was recovering from cancer,  it got me out of the house something i could do at my own pace, it quickly progressedas i spent more and more time on the bike, magazines quickly followed n i was all in, in it for the freedom, for the fitness n nutrition soon followed, i tell friends small changes over a long period of time.  i basicly had spent my teen years fightin cancer from a hospital room  with no immune system, any more. a massive terminal innoperable brain tumor, in stage upon diagnosis which ened up spreading to my abdomen, by the time  i was done with the brain tumor i had to fight the abdomenal. So when i see 'lazy', fat', unfit'', peaple complaining they need an ebike, get a pair, spare me your whining,  spend time in the saddle spinning those pedals, earn your way!  BTW i was in scouting cub and boy scouts and raised to be responsible! not too many are anymore judging by my experiences working in a bike shop and elsewhere, i began working  part time while going to community college n earning a degree, quickly becoming shop manager. then a few jobs in between, and 3-5 years laterwent to universty studying public health, physical activity/nutrition trying to share my same fitness goals with school aged childeren. while they likely hadnt developedany poor habits inhealth behavior.
Being bike mechanic n a bike shop manager (service dept) I totaly despise E bikes!  Ive seen/ worked on so many amazon, wa mart ebike knock offs to make me sick to my stomack.  Ive also worked on a number of good, quality name brand e- bikes.  in reality they all have problems some worse than others, heavy, hard to work on, getting replacement parts/ finding replacement parts, etc etc etc. basicly i despise ebikes and dont see them as bikes, call a motorcycle shop! An electric motorcycle is what they are! maybe a smaller version.
I don't own an ebike and don't plan to, but outright banning them on trails is just snobby.
Ah yes. The “real bike” 🫡 😂
I'm not a MTB person, and I'm quite young and reasonably healthy. But what I don't have is the mental strength and other external things. So, e-bike is helping me in doing stuff.
I am a disabled veteran and I still ride a real mountain bike. Out West on our looser, drier trails, I see e-bikes absolutely destroying these trails. I get tired of people lying about e-bikes trying to gaslight people into believing that they don't actually have a ton of power. They do. I've ridden one before and it was one of the first e-bikes from 2 decades ago and that thing was like a motorcycle.   And the typical e-biker is actually much more likely to be lazy so the last place you are going to find them would be helping out on a trail maintenance crew helping to mend the massive amount of damage that e-bikes do to our trails.
Im never going back to an analog mountain bike. Electric bikes are just too much fun.
I'm sure I've wasted 5k from being lazy, but to spend 5k to be lazy is a different story.
Because I wish to save my money and invest in REAL bicycles!!!!
Love my assisted bike.  Up and out!
Just bought an E- still keeping my other bike. Hopefully get longer days with ebike
I have only two gripes about e-bikes. They are expensive and difficult to service, but MTB were getting more expensive to service each year anyway, but more importantly, they get stolen way more often than normal MTB, as they are incredibly popular around where I live
5 grand is still alot bye a second  hand trek hardtail put 750 watt bafang mid drive on it 48v job done for half the price might not be as good on the rough stuff but can do a diy trail bike for way less plus not restricted so the 750watt should give 40 mph and 80 nm
My problem with E-bikes is they're so heavy. I feel like if I just use a regular bike without a motor and battery i wouldn't need the assist in the first place. It creates and solves its own problem.
Electric motorbikes (called ebikes) should be jn the road, not on trails, and should have the same requirements: driver license, insurance, DOT helmet
I think what people miss is the fact that an e-bike has SETTINGS, just like anything else that can be used and abused. I ride mine off or in eco mode when I want a workout and in emtb mode on the trails. I think people who have never tried them or do not understand what a class 1 e-bike is like think that you just get in them, touch the pedal slightly and you are doing 20 mph.
Shits got a torque sensor its not even a proper emtb lol Does it come with a speed limiter on it too? Jesus. Talk about baby's first bike.
because midlife crisis
I feel the same way. E-Bikes enable those who can't to ride. But I want to get in shape, so I'm going to continue to do it the hard way while I can.
goddamn, its just a freakin bike with batteries, why are they the price of a damn car, 500usd is too much for this crap.
I’d like to see heart rate and other health stats when riding an e-mtb versus a traditional mtb…
Yeah.. For places that ban EBIKES and restrict their use. I am seeing a lot of abelism. there are a lot of old and fat people who want to get out more, but can't. EBIKES are a solution for those who dont need a wheelchair and don't want to drive a car.
Bro definitely has an e-bike that he isn't telling us about.
For commuting, it’s pretty handy.
I use a 1000$ ebike to commute, and to bike for fun, without the e- I'd just use a car. This way I get excersize and bike for fun.
I used to ride a normal bike to work, and in the forest I live next too, but I've been hit three times by cars, broken nose, broken foot and broken hip so I just stopped before I was killed. I live in New Zealand, and they built a lot of separate cycleways now so I decided to get back into it and get healthy ish. I've used it almost every single day since August 24. My neighbor and I ride in the forest every weekend. When I'm not on it I'm pimping it up
Ya know the laziness thing you bring up a good point  Maybe a good feature for them to have would be like an assist limit. Basically it could be your trainer. Monitors your progress and keeps you honest, and prevents you from stagnating   Check your heart rate and if it isn't up high enough? Less assist for you  Seems like it could have potential for being s neat value add. Exercise is tough and i think having electronics assist and coax our minds into it is the best approach
Wow when you rode on that concrete barrier... Skill
Face it, you’re just not ready yet.
im getting one cause itll help my bum leg Oef/Oif Veteran
I started riding an e-MTB, and after a year of mega fun on it, I decided to switch to an analog MTB—and I love it! E-MTBs are great, but it's just a different sport. After improving my fitness, which is totally doable on an e-MTB, I realized I don't need the motor anymore for trail riding. I love climbing and the feeling of accomplishing it on my own. I also love downhill, which is far better on an analog bike. Plus, I ride every day, and I hated the extra weight when pulling the bike out, as well as having to charge it daily.
You do not ride E bikes because it is bad for your channel period. E MTB are way better than analogue bikes. No comparison.
I'm a 51 year old veteran with two bad knees and hips.  I just bought the Trek you're riding so I can try and keep up with my kids.  I will get out more than I do on my regular bike so no matter what, its more exercise.
I might need one lol. I am so weak and uphills are lethal 😭
Cube Reaction Hybrid for 2400 bucks, new. It´s pretty awesome. Even though for me personally, a bike was always like 300-500ish. Tha´s why for over a decade I never bought an E-Bike. I always feel like it´s super overpriced for what it is. It´s still just a bicycle. You can glorify it all you want but in the end it´s just what it is. I would also never spend over 1k for a GPU for my gaming PC or over 20k for a car. Because it´s simply not worth it to me. I find it crazy how people spend over 1k on a mobile phone or over 1 grand on a GPU and so on. Not that I couldn´t afford it, I just feel ripped off when I do.
I'd like to propose new termonilogy to describe the "real mountain bikes". How about oBike (as in organic) or aBike (as in acoustic) as opposed to eBikes? 🙂  I just got a company eBike since it is an employee benefit where I work. Previously I had (and I still have and I actively use) a hybrid/touring bike. The main benefits of this eMTB are that I can do longer trips, I can carry more stuff and I can go bikepacking with my son if I want to. My acoustic bike isn't exactly great in forest paths, so this brand new toy actually has lured me into brand new places. I don't do downhill biking; I just love MTB geometry and the tire size is perfect for my nature touring purposes. I am not so fond of fatbikes...
Why no ebike ??? I tell u why .. keep ur muscle skills indurance sharp without a ebike nobody need help all the time ..beproud of u getting up the hills on ur own power ...own a bike whos is  lighther, if u fell less weight  on ur bones and other .etc
When I was a kid back in the 90's I thought something like an e-bike would be awesome, but as I have gotten older and the dream became reality I don't care about them, I wont be buying an ebike any time soon as I don't want to carry extra batteries, charge batteries every time I want to ride, get stranded far away with a dead battery, or deal with more electronics and apps that will be obsolete in no time.  There are less positives than negatives for me and ebikes, I ride a bike for fun and fitness, I really don't need to go any faster than I do on a standard bicycle (unless just for fun testing my fitness) and an ebike isn't going to get me places I can't go on a standard bike, so in fact there are no positives for me with an ebike.
I love my ebike for commuting here in zurich + it is really nice for the longer rides with my very fit friends. But i prefer my standard mountain bike for the shorter rides or if we have a shuttle and i dont get worn out. I noticed that ever since owning an ebike i have been out a lot more than when i didn't have it. Is it ideal no but it is much better than nothing
I'm fixing a FIFTEEN DOLLAR Fiido L2. I had to order a new display, rear brake caliper, and charger, and I had to repair the battery cage. All in about $75.
You should convert you Surly Big Dummy and make a video about how to do it legal
Hey Berm. E bikes are getting more affordable. I bought a cyberbike raptor for $2045. Black Friday sale. I wish you'd think about it some more. They are really fun😊.
8:30 I got my 2023 giant talon e+ ex for around 2000$ here in Norway. a LOT of money in my opinion, especially when spent all at once. but considering I use my bike all year and don't own a car yet, it's 100% worth it considering I go out once a day / every other day, grocery shopping or just going for a longer ride if the weather is nice.
I went all out for me and bought an Ibis Ripmo and I love that bike, it’s my favorite bike ever, it just feels right to me. I would ride when friends planned a weekend and I’d go once in a while by myself but you have to be all in to ride and I’m often tired  after work and don’t because the climb out is too hard. A few months ago I bought an eMTB after years of hating on them and being against them. I haven’t ridden the Ripmo once since I got a Yeti eMTB. I now go multiple times a week. Today I went after work and did 14 miles in 2 hours of mostly single track great riding and 2k feet of vertical. This has been the best thing I’ve bought with my money.
They're more expensive than a high-end ICE Honda 450XR is why I don't own one.
I bike mainly to explore.  I recently bought an ebike because I can explore further and faster on it. Get the tools that work best for you.
oh you can still buy new fully ebikes for about 2k from good brands, and for 1k from chinese brands
I’ll stick with my pedal MTB and earn my miles I can understand having an EMTB for special circumstances the only work out you get on an E-Bike is loading and unloading, and if the battery dies on the trail you have to pedal 50 to 60 pound bike
TL;DR: now that I have an e-bike, I ride just as hard, and I also ride more frequently .   I appreciate your thoughtful commentary. Just a quick note about my own experience: I've got very good data on my mountain bike rides going back nearly a decade - time on bike, heart rate, caloric burn, etc. - and what my data tells me is that my heart rate numbers and my caloric burn haven't changed now that I ride an e-bike. They are pretty much the same. Notably, however, my time on bike has gone way up! In other words, I'm still riding just as hard, but I'm getting more riding in and therefore I'm getting more exercise.. by about 20%!! The reason, for me, is plain. In the past, if I was feeling tired or less than energetic, I would often find myself just not going out. Now, the barrier is so low that there's simply no reason not to go biking if I'm tired. And invariably once I'm on the bike I ride just as hard as I always do.   When I first got the e-bike (Trek Fuel exe) I kept my regular bike (Santa Cruz 5010) for a while, thinking I would go back and forth between my normal Pike and my e-bike. After the Santa Cruz sat for about 2 months without me touching it, I just sold it. Haven't missed it once. Granted, my local trails are e-bike friendly, so I don't have that issue.  Of course, I'm not saying this experience is going to be universal. But it definitely has been mine.
as a obese blob, the ebike lets me have fun riding a bike. i wouldnt be able to climb up a hill otherwise
Because you’re a chad
I've taken a few long rides on some nice ass ebikes through some treatorus green-ways and the only difference I notice at the end of the ride is how sore I am, I still feel fulfilled in terms of an exercise, I still went a long distance, I was still in control of everything, and I had a much better time. But I will never get one because they all (at least those sold in stores near me) seem to have throttles and I know I'd just use that so I prefer my mtb. Although I am the type of person to just keep exploring and having fun until I run out of energy, not time, though I'm young! so I imagine that'll change.
I have had regular trail bikes for years, and found myself not enjoying the trails (the steep up-hills are killers when I live in AUS) so I stopped using the bike and started to get unfit, after trying my mates eMTB I was hooked, I got a Polygon T7E and love it, now I can enjoy the trails I hated, and have found myself exploring much further trails than I would have ever done on my non e bike, I have found many new trails and contrary to what non-eMTB owners say, you DO get a workout, I am getting back into shape and enjoying getting back on the trails again, that's all that matters, it's not what you ride.
I have Giant Reign E +1 and I absolutely love it! I come from road bike background and here, in Finland we really dont have so much of bike parks where I could go. Not because of e-bike, but because of distances or they are way too hard for me. E-MTB gives me more speed and distance during transitions and you can always lower your asisstant level. In my case level 1 assistant barely hides weight of the bike, wich is little over 23kg :D In Finland we have this thing called every man's right, wich means you can go wich forrest you like to ride a bike and enjoy single trails or no trails at all. You just have to keep nature untouch and cannot chop trees down as you go :) I still like to buy good "real"/unassisted MTB for cardio purposes or not. Don't hate "real" bikes either :D Great videos!
As a tool to get 'non cyclists' out on the bike, they are great. Similarly to keep those with injuries/illness/age on the bike, again they are great. The problem I'm seeing is younger fitter folks using them...which completely defeats the points above if you are riding with mates. A fit 30 year old vs a 70 year old with dodgy joints..both on ebikes, so the old guy still gets left behind. And the cycle repeats with everyone upping the power.
All last year I was gonna get me a mountain bike and then at the end of the year, I decided not to and to stick to riding my old school hard tail.
Really the only reason not to get one is they dont have internal transmissions yet. Once they ditch the derailleur they will be worth their weight
I'm just 2 months short of being 76,  I have 3 bikes, one fat mtb , one fat cruiser Ebike and recently purchased a fat dual motor Emtb.  I love all three and each is used for different riding conditions with my dual motor bike for deep loose sand when I go to the beach, my cruiser for around town and my fatty for when I want a good workout.
once upon a time, humans invented the "deraileur", and the purists couldnt believe how lazy and weak these new comers to the sport were.  their sensibilities were insulted.  fast forward a hundred years, and cycling purists are still having their feelings hurt.
If the loan ranger was there you'd have all my favourite riding YouTubers in one place
I respect anyone who wants one. Someday, I'm sure I will as well. I want to be out of breath, I wanna feel good for murdering a hill. Especially when it's hard. I'm not extremely athletic or anything lime that. I chill at home. I want work and mental and physical challenges with my hobby. I play hard games, the car I love is a pain, I was a marine, I work a difficult job that requires trying years into the profession. That said, I totally respect chill people who strive for a good time. People are just different. Thank goodness for the options!
I will take a mountain bike I already own and upgrade it to an e-bike. I would never buy a bike for 6 grand.  Also I see lots saying they had knee reconstruction or a hip replacement. My 35 year old brother has had both knees done and both hips replaced and he doesn’t need an e-bike 😂 don’t let the injuries be the excuse why you got weak, don’t let age be the reason either.  Keep fighting and never  give up.
I like to explore, and then have energy left to do other stuff. My e-bike facilitates that. We live on the North Shore of Metro Vancouver , Canada.
I saw a comment once, an e-bike is like having the stamina and strength of the top elite athlete, and that's how I feel with it. and you can get a workout on one, by just reducing the amount of assist
Cant get away with low end components though like human powered. Definitely requires high end components to not fall apart very quickly
I like them for towing. Ive got a custom trailer that i routinely use to carry over 200lbs of gear. Weight of the bike and battery helps control the trailer under deceleration. Pull it 40 miles no sweat. Other than that i roll no ebike also. Powered trikes are also just crazy fun. Small rear wheels 1500w front hub and a battery big enough to fill the entire rear basket and i get 100 miles out of it full throttle no pedaling in Seattle(hills everywhere). Road bike with a 2000w rear hub is also something to experience. 0-40mph in 5 seconds. Scary af but worth it.
You claim, you "have everything else." Then why don't you look happy? Btw I've got several e-bikes. - It may be an addiction. Sad. - And soon to net, a bad 2024 Summit 1 or something similar next month.
I sold my e-bike for the exact same reason.  I didn’t have time to ride an e bike and a bike and would rather get exercise.  I bought a pedal assist gravel bike after getting an office job again to ride to work and I feel like its the perfect balance of exercise and electric assist.  I turn off the assist for most of the ride home everyday and only use the highest level while riding on the road around cars or after my legs started to cramp up.  It was 30 miles round trip and Id sometimes do an extra 10-20 miles on the way back if I took a wrong turn, my legs were on fire after the longer rides in the winter
I just picked up a Surly Skidloader.. sort of a mountain bike.. sort of an adventure bike and sort of a cargo bike. It’s the perfect combo of weird! 😊   You don’t need an ebike but it’s nice to have one in the fleet! Great video, love your content!
Ya my first XC acoustic full susp bike was $4k back in the early 2000’s my budget has grown but so has my age and my available time to ride being a father of 3 is extremely limited. So for me I want to rip and have fun on the same trails I use to ride 5 days a week without killing myself. So a $5~$6k range e-MTB is on the radar 😂
E-MTB is basically an electric motorcycle you can/have to pedal. Actually that reminds me of how the first gasoline motorcycles had pedals too, except with those you *really* didn't want to pedal.
you did not just unironically say "differently abled"......
Expensive toys. And yes, regular mountain bikes today are expensive too. And when they break...and they will, what are the repair costs and will the casual ride of these bikes do their own repairs or bother to repair? Disposable on Craigslist??
There is a compromise... instead of getting a mid drive based mountain bike get one with a rear hub drive that you actually have to use the gears to pedal with the motor proving only some of the assistance at low speeds in lower assist levels. my ebike has a 3 x 7 gearset with a range from 24 : 28 in first gear to 42: 13 in 21st gear with a 32 tooth midrange. that being said I can put it in a low level of assist and actually use the pedals to get around only having the motor kick in if my speed drops below 7 mph in PAS 1, such as when you hit a particularly tough incline. I know the gear range isn't as wide as true mountain bikes but it's great for what is basically a fat tire bike. Think of the Mongoose Dolomite you tested years ago with a triple chainring and a motor in the rear wheel to make pedaling easier
so the answer to "why do I not own an ebike" is basically his locallity doesnt allow them, by and large.
I just imagined it was because they could spontaneously combust.
Because if you did..you'd not want to go back, would realize how much more fun they are
3:12 very left side with the fox factory that was me
I believe that's a lite version
I can give a few reasons to why i dont think i would ever want one  Used to be a mechanic and had some nightmares with warranty and faults Cost vs component quality of stock bikes weight, makes it harder to feel flickably and I used to ride a superbike which is odd but i dont like it on my bicycle extra cost if you have to have a spare battery If you have an issue with the motor, battery or wiring etc thats your ride over unless you love pedaling up that extra weight for no reason plus the reward of enjoying a climb and maintaining fitness and i have had open knee surgery which hurts every day
I have had two e-bikes and I consistently find they are not as satisfying as mountain bikes. When I’m done I feel like I played a simulation of what mountain biking should be.
There are deals to be found on e-bikes. I bought a Yamaha Moro 07 (new) for $2,550 (before tax) a few months back as a special sale direct from Yamaha. The bike had an MSRP of around $6,400. Came with an extra battery and a five year warranty on the frame, battery and motor.  Ridden it almost every day since getting it.  Usually 10 miles or more per day. That is something I didn’t do on my unassisted MTB. The fun factor is addicting. I just want to ride practically every day. I don’t hate late adopters or people who want to hike and not use any mechanical or technological advantage. To each their own. Good on ya, just do what makes you happy!
On most e-bikes there are at least four levels of assist from ECO MODE to TURBO…  If getting a cardio workout is what you want put the E-bike in ECO mode and see what happens…  With the added weight of the bike, you will find out that the ride/climb is more difficult than a conventional bicycle.
Appreciate your perspective-I bought a turbo Levo this year I’m 65 have had multiple one and back surgeries and this will be a game changer for me.
Jesus loves you all amen hallelujah ❤❤❤❤
Yep I’m the same as you. They are heavy, expensive and I like a workout climbing a hill. I also like the nimbleness of throwing a bike around. But if I could afford it I’d get one. It’s another tool
65 years old- Thought "look at those things so lame"...until I bought one.... Wow! most fun I've ever had! I will literally never go back. Flat single track is the new downhill.
longer rides less fatigue
e-bikes got us out the door and onto bikes. My son preferred it to playing video games. Soon he was trying to go riding with his friends all the time. Of course we just had cheap electric bikes and he started jumping them and going down stairs, etc... and was wearing the bike down. He stated he wanted to a get a mountain bike and I told him I was not spending over 5k on an electric mountain bike. He said he wanted a regular hard tail. Now we go mountain biking all the time on our analog hard tails (Devinnci) and he's saving up for a full suspension MTB. He doesn't want an electric because he wants to be able to throw it around going over jumps and down hills. It was not at all how I expected the e-bike journey to go but I am happy where it appears to be going. I still love riding around town on my e-Bike though as we live in a moderately bike friendly city and it just feels better to be outside riding than taking a car. If you don't bike but you want to, I fully recommend getting even a cheap e-bike and getting out the door and onto the road. From there see where your journey takes you.
I like e bikes but I'll buy them when it's lighter
Hey, whatever makes it fun for you, then you have exactly what you need.  When I got on the north side of 55 years old, the ol' furnace didn't burn as hot, and I was burned out on decades of working out.  My mountain bike hang in my garage for almost 2 years unused (I had skiing and dirt bikes, but nothing to fill the leg strengthening I needed year round).  Bought an e-mtn bike, and that changed.  Uphills became fun.    But, what was really weird was that when I increase the assist, I actually find myself pedaling harder, simply because I just want to go faster (came from decades of riding/racing MX so when the speed increases, the fun increases).  Very strange.  Got to the point (been riding it for 3 months....have over 700 miles of trails riding) where I can run lowest boost or shut boost off for the entire ride.  So, it gave me my fitness back.  But, when I feel tired on a climb and I increase that boost, I end up peddling like a mad man, getting even more of a workout.   I have a fitness watch, and my heart rate will actually increase on boost assisted climbs.  Never expected that.  Seems to be the opposite of this guy.  We're all different.
Regarding no ebikes in some parks - with small motor and an integrated battery it can be as stealthy as a regular bike. Do they check your bike on entrance? Do park rangers check your bikes while you are there? I would think that unless it looks like an electric motorcycle, no one will care.  One point you haven't touched is availability and price of a replacement battery. Will it be available 5, 10, 20 years later? My bike is 24 years old, and I have no reason to upgrade. I would upgrade to an ebike, but I need to be sure I will be able to use it 20 years later.
What's a downhill bike? Can you make a video about it or have you already!
E-bike can get way more people into cycling - crushes all the entry barriers for most uses, extends range, flattens the hills and when you get better at it you can just reduce the aid and give yourself as much of an exercise as you can take.
I have four bikes.  One of them is an e bike.  I use it daily for my commute.  Wouldn't part with it for anything.  Can get to work without being in a sweat and getting heated in summer and keeps my commute quicker and easier in winter when I gotta navigate the snow and ice and again not arrive to work drenched in sweat and with rubber legs.  I drive the non-electric bikes for fun, hunting, going somewhere, and for pedaling my fat bikes behind my wife, who is on the electric bike!  Finally, after all these years, my cute little wife can now keep up with me --actually blow me away! -- while we're out on the bikes!  Electric bikes are a blast!  Get over it!
I got an ebike for daily chores and commute rides that I would otherwise have done exclusively in a car; the distances mean it would take too long and make me too sweaty, but the ebike equalizes bike riding with car rides for convenience. I've replaced over 900 miles this year on an ebike that would have otherwise been in a car. But for mountain biking, I use my regular mountain bike - because the point is exercise, control, and not worrying about breaking something expensive (my mountain bike is <$500 and 12 years old).
this no a human powered vehicle anymore, it is just an accelerator signal you send through pedals. With feedback to feel it harder.
I like that you do not own any e-bikes.  Highly respect it, actually.  The thing I really don’t like is the added weight.  That, plus the speed, seems like it would be more of a hazard on trails as well.  Getting hit by a light hard tail vs hit by a “tank” e-bike…no comparison.  Then there is the fire risk.
I’m in North Carolina and they allow class 1 bikes everywhere, class 2 bikes have to have throttle disconnected, class 3 bikes are not allowed.
I'm 61. I rode my emtb 2 nights ago after work. In an hour and a half or so I rode 14 miles. I spent most of that time in heart rate zone 4 and almost 12 minutes in zone 5. How much harder do you think i should be working? An emtb is objectively providing a great workout and SO MUCH FUN. I'm glad I live in an area that is progressive.
Thank you for verbally stating that e-bikes ARE inclusive to those who do have legitimize health conditions (like myself). I'm a NICA coach and without my e-bike, I would have to give up coaching. I am physically unable to ride my acoustic MTB bikes and coach student athletes. I had an accident in 2019 and after several rounds of intensive surgeries that I never fully recovered from. By the grace of God, I'm not in a wheelchair permanently (I do have one though). I would have to give up coaching without having my e-bike - this is another mobility aid. No one has issues with seeing handicapped people with wheelchairs, crutches, canes, or walkers; which allow me to walk without a severe limp.  My e-bike is no different than my other mobility aides. Thanks for giving it a go Seth and thank you putting content like this video out there to clarify not all e-bikes are just "lazy a-holes." Many, myself included; are still riding because of them.
Just put a 1000 watt Bafang mid drive conversion kit on one of your Mountain bikes.
The old electric vs acoustic debate continues...
Great training bike, and great training for single track moto like i do.
Because you live in a place where you still able to climb. In California most mountains are steep. Need to pedal on 1st gear and often stop. After 4 hours up you ride back 30minutes, you have no power to jump or do any tricks. It is very very boring. Some places only e-bike is a way to go. Everything expensive in California ) even bicycles
An e-bike is a tool in the toolbox, just like a regular bike, a walker, a car, or a pair of pliers. I’m glad we have these options as all of them make a lot of sense depending on the circumstances. I’d rather see people out e-biking than driving. It’s just better for the soul.
I'm 220lbs and did 54 miles 5000ft this year on legs not my record but doing rides like these is tiring and when I'm on top I'm spent I've got nothing for the fun part I want more of that before it's too late I rented an ebike did 5813ft mostly in eco mode and came back with 25% battery left on a 750wh didn't feel pain everywhere like on legs but...still went to sleep early so you're still tired just not destroyed the big difference for me on an emtb I get all the fun at the top and going downhill (minus the weight) it also opens hiking trails exploration which you can't do on legs I tried it doesn't work when you bump on a rock going up an already 20% slope your bike stops dead your legs don't have the torque nor the timing to go above it but a motor easily can, I will try to get a smaller size 27.5" while they still exist because trying an L in 29" felt like riding a boat the only thing I wanted from that bike were the 2.6 width tires, which were less sketchy than my 27.5 2.25 small knobs high psi made for speed xc tires
I was sorta conditionally anti ebike (people, roughnut kids mostly, using nasty chinese trigger button ebikes like unresgistered motor cycles still shit me) but my heart attack taught me a valuable lesson, ebikes are a valuable disability equity tool, they open up and give back riding to a slew of people not able to ride for very good reasons. Before my ticker popped, I was. A 100km/day (60 mile a day) cycle tourist, the e-conversion is helping move back towards longer distance, multiday (100km/day unlikely, even though my 540Wh battery could squeeze out close to that) but no ebike, barely any cross town riding. 130bpm heart rate limit and 40% ejection fraction really clips a rider's wings. Weirdly, I can walk 20km, the energy burn equivalent of my former daily riding target on a tour. Guess it doesn't excite the pump as much 😂
I bought my Trek Fuel EXe a few months back because a knee injury prevented me from riding my analogue bike, and it's been great for me. I was down to 8 mile rides on the analogue but with the lightweight e-bike, I am back up to 30 and can ride in groups again. It was the best decision I made for biking and it helps keep me fit for my snowboarding. In 3 months I have covered 700 miles and lost a few Kgs that I had gained over the past couple of years of reduced activity.
I was never sure if I wanted an E bike. Then I rented one at Kanuga and knew I had to have one. More miles equals more smiles.
I think an eMTB doesn't make sense for mountain biking for the current tracks that exist. It doesn't confer a big advantage, in fact, its probably worse due to the weight on both the up and downhill. When I've used an ebike of any type, the amount of time for a ride is about the same for me. I do think an eMTB makes a lot of sense on rural roads or just roads that are poorly maintained.
I moved to Colorado recently and my normal hybrids were a bit more work than I was physically ready for. Getting an e-bike really helped me get used to the high elevation and it allows me to ride further. I fully understand it isn't nearly as cardio intense as a standard bike but you do get somewhat of a workout - and you can always turn down (or off) the assist level.  The main issue, which is true for all e-bikes, is that since this is newish technology, laws haven't kept up and occasionally you run into Karens giving you a hard time based on their understanding of the rules. There are several jurisdictions you have to consider (local/neighborhood, city, county, state and several federal agencies with their own rules).
Your confidence would grow drastically once you remove the limiter and get the suspension dialed. The suspension you will want to run it a bit stiffer, and the dampening a bit more to make the bike feel normal. With the limiter removed the bike still has barely enough power to go 25 with extreme effort.    You get just as winded on e bike if you push the limits. You send more jumps. As for riding for longer that's just not true for me. You will work your upper body out more than you realize.   You sound like you are still trying impress the non e crowd. If you end up owning a e bike, once you get it dialed in, you will end up not wanting to ride anything else.   Unfortunately you are too popular to be able to see this comment but if you do I hope you consider the points mentioned.
They're still expensive.
The short reason might be that you don't commute.
I’ve always been an avid cyclist, primarily focusing on road biking. This year, I turned 60, and I’ve noticed it’s becoming more challenging to tackle long rides due to strong winds and steep hills. So, I decided to get an e-bike. I used to think e-bikes were a bit of a cheat, so I never considered buying one before. However, I found a company that makes fitness e-bikes that look just like traditional bikes. I ended up purchasing a Velotric T1ST from a local bike shop. Here are my thoughts on it.  Velotric has changed the frame sizes for the T1ST and T1ST Plus models, which was disappointing since I own both. The T1ST comes in Small and Medium, while the T1ST Plus offers Regular and Large sizes. However, the Plus's Regular feels more like a Medium/Small, and the Large seems like a Large/Medium. One major upgrade on the Plus is the rear wheel, which has 36 spokes compared to the 28 spokes on the original T1ST. As a 250-pound rider, I broke four spokes in the first month of using the original, so I’m having the rear wheel rebuilt with stainless steel alpine spokes for added durability. In terms of performance, I got about 36 miles on the original in Echo 5 mode with an average speed of 16 mph. On the Plus, I have to use Trail 3 mode to match the Echo 5 performance, and I’m seeing around 40 miles with an average speed of 16.6 mph. I also purchased the Velotric Range Extender battery, but it doesn't extend the range as expected. Instead, I often have to turn off the bike to allow the Range Extender to recharge the main battery while I pedal. I typically activate it at the start of my ride and once the main battery runs low, I turn off the bike to let the Range Extender do its thing, then switch it back on periodically until either the ride is done or the Range Extender is depleted. Additionally, the Plus model features 170mm crankarms, while the original has 165mm. With my 29-inch inseam, I need 165mm or 160mm crankarms, so I had to buy third-party options since Velotric doesn’t sell them. Overall, I prefer the Plus model, but the original was simpler to use.
I thought getting an ebike was going to make me less fit, but the exact opposite happened, mind you, I use it for transportation most of the time, but what happened is that it replaced tram and car rides alltogether. Additionally, the ebike just allowed me to up the comfot a lot on the bike, whereas before I'd have to use skinnier tires and try to keep my bike much leaner, and a more aggresive position, adding 5kg worth of comfort goodies, i.e. an air front fork, bigger tires, a chunky built in lock, dynamo hub, better mudguards, a frame bag with all the tools, parallelogram suspension seatpost, alarm, a nice kickstand, a big removable basket that clicks on the back rack, that can hold my backpack and/or groceries, etc... it's a much heavier bike but it is sooooo much more comfortable. I can go the same speed on my road bike without a backpack, but he ebike is what made it a true car/tram replacement possible.  The other day I drove it to another city to visit my sister just for fun, took 3:30 hours, whereas the folding bike+train wouldve been 50 minutes, and the car 45min, but it was a very enjoyable ride with nice scenery
If you need more cardio like you say, you should set up your brakes so it's adding some extra resistance! A sort of 'inverted' ebike!
I don't need an E-bike. Mtn Biking is suppose to be hard, that's why I do it.
If a state calls a ebike a bicycle they should allowed on all trails
E bikes is taking the E. Easy way out.    Old school is better
I was an avid rider all throughout my tewnties, thirties and early forties until I had a severe knee injury. After giving up on physio after six months I recently bought a cube attention. I steered away from an e-bike out of old ingrained habit and have since felt my knee strenghten to a point I havent experienced in some time. Anyone have any thoughts/ reviews on the cube range of bicycles? I love my new one.
I can completely relate and even though I do mountain bike a little, I do a lot more longboarding and skateboarding. I own like 15 boards and none are electric. Not that they don't sound like fun, but with my limited amount of recreation time due to a busy career and a wife and three kids, I need to have my fun and fitness at the same time.
It might not be the case for everyone, but I lost 25kg in one year, it encourages me to pedal further, because is easier, and I end up not using the motor that much, except from 0 to 25km/h and on really long or  abrupt hills. I was an experienced rider, the only thing that the ebike made is removed my fears(coming out of a knee injury). I am so happy that it exists and I am hoping that this message will help someone. Peace and love!
Sux that you can't ride them anywhere there, but trust me, once you go ebike you don't go back!
Truly, why don't you have a pet lizard? My bearded dragon, may she rest in peace (damn leukemia), loved riding with me on my commuter bike to the park or a cafe. She got a salad, and I got a sunburn. Great times for a lizard. Bring lizards on bicycles.... but the cargo bike, not bouncing on a mountain bike.
let the E bikes in Pisgah and Dupont!  silly that they are not allowed. Figure it out North Carolina!
At 57, I'm just getting to the point where I'm mentally ready to transition into the e-mtb world...............
At five grand for a ebike I will stick to my 800 doller hard tail.😮
Your cross country bike and the enduro bike almost look identical. What are the differences?
The fact how he pedals every second with the e-bike makes it ten time funnier😂
@1:08 is the reason I don’t own one. Ive been mtb’ing since 1995 and 100% of my rides are for the enjoyment of pushing myself. E-MTB has their place in the industry but not for me (yet).
I'm 75 and have tested a few e-bikes. There are two things I for sure don't like about them. Higher tire pressure makes for a harsher ride and they really feel sluggish in handling. Sort of like the change from 26 inch to 29 inch wheels. The main reason I believe people are buying so many is that they want to keep up. Keeping up with others on a group ride is an unattainable goal.  Asswipes will just get a bigger motor to show off.
I'm 57 years old , I need the fitness more than I need an E bike  I believe I'll keep my hard tail, fat tire and 29' soft tail. Sorry , I feel E bikes are a cheet
would love to rent a decent e mountain bike, but not buy. my next bike will be a rein SX.
In Bentonville do a Monday ride with "RideNWA & OZ Suspension Soulutions"     OMG!  All E-MTB all out !!   I promise your endurance will be tested!
Sounds like the main reason not to get one is that you would no longer want to ride anything else in your stable.
That was interesting that they have limited access for e-bike in so many places. I live in Finland and over here you can ride e-bike in every place where you can ride manual bike. Only limitation is that e-bike has to fill the the criteria of the bicycle. If your bike has too much power or drives without pedaling, then it goes to the same category as motorbikes and it's a big no, no to ride it for example in Pallas-Ylläs National Park.
I’m a purist at 57 and I suffer on the trails - no e-bike for me! Maybe if and when I hit 90 years of age. Suck it up butter cup (for most people) - but hey, if it makes you ride and get outside - giddy up! 😅
3:47 EXACTLY!
There is a place for e-bikes especially people with injuries or physical defects that want to cycle. Older people who want to extend their love of mountain biking. Unhealthy overweight people wanting to mountain bike to start transforming their bodies. These are but a few of many reasons.
I could have sworn that back in 2020 or 2021 the department of interior made it so that on all national parks wherever a bike is allowed a class 1 e-bike is allowed as well.
I bought my first E-MTB at 56 yrs old. I had given up on mountain biking because the climbs were just too much. The ebike got back me back into the mountains. I have no illusions, that I am in great shape, but I am in better shape for it. I am now 60 and I do not see riders my age (or younger) doing the same climbs without an ebike.
Electronic brakes next? lol
I got an ebike for one reason over an mtb. Exploration. Yeah I wanna get in better shape and get cardio in. I hate hiking up hills and would rather bike. But i dont want to be on an mtb and come to a hill and not want to climb it and not get to see the top. Nor do i want to be miserable getting up there. I still plan on turning off the assist on flats and minor inclines to get resistance training and a workout in but having that e assist is nice
You wouldnt lose confidence on my Kenevo SL
I dont know a single place in UK where ebikes R banned. America probably need EU restrictions if theyre so anal about it
I feel like e bikes are for lazy people too scared to ride dirt bikes.
Iirc using an ebike is perfect for building condition, it keeps your hearthrate at the optimal range for endurance building, this range is used by pro athletes.
There are peoples that wants to do 400 km weeks
Ah yes, the very affordable $5k bicycle. I don't know that framing "oh it used to be prohibitively expensive, but now it's only as much as an entire motorcycle" is how I might present that information. Like as someone looking to break into the mountain biking hobby that's some major sticker shock. I figured this would be a great, cheaper off season hobby from motorcross but it seems like I'll just stick to the combustion sports😅
From everyone I've actually talked to about this everyone wants one but won't get one because of the price.
I guess the older you get the closer you are to the E 🔚 so we'll all appreciate the E one day that's for sure, also you people who are reading my comment enjoy your raw savage rides while you still can and no need the E 😂😂🙌🙌
Great video!   Seth - How can you help get e-Bikes approved for Chestnut Mtn/Berm Peak so I can ride w my friends? 😊
I highly recommend a pet lizard
Why? because my legs will get me further than any E-Bike can 💀
65yrs and I ride for exertion. I'll get an e-bike when I'm disabled in some manner.
my e bike has completely changed the game for me. 2016 had a triple bypass, 2018 had neck cancer and needed chemo, etc.... 2023 bought my ebike for the simple fact i was just sitting around afraid to do anything. i've lost 20 lbs so far, my cardio is light years from what it was. i don't even feel like i'm excercising, i'm just out trail riding in the woods like when i was a kid. i get grumpy if i can't ride at least twice a week (ask my wife, lol!). had i known it'd be this life changing, i'da paid double for my ebike with no complaints (glad i didn't have to though :).
Unless you enjoy riding uphill or covering distance (like XC mountain biking) I can’t understand why you would not have an eMTB, particularly as there are now much lighter options. You get to do far more of the fun riding in a set period of time. Why would I choose to do 2 laps of a downhill course when I could do 5 or more in the same time?
I don’t ride an e-bike to ride the same way I used to only easier, I ride an e-bike to be able to push myself harder and faster into trails for a longer distance. Some of these trails take on a whole new meaning when you’re pushing that hard on an EMTB. It’s all about mindset.
Re. getting more exercise when you DO get out, that is a very minor issue. The bigger issue (I've found) is ALWAYS diet. "You can't outrun a bad diet." as the saying goes.   eBikes make a lot of sense as commuters. You can get to work not sweaty and then turn off or down the assist for the ride home. When I take a regular bike to work, I just don't have the inner restraint to pedal easy enough to not arrive at least a little sweaty. eBike? No problem. Not only that, they're already heavy, so we may as well add rack, fenders and luggage to make it even MORE practical. Hauling home 30 lbs. of groceries is relatively painless on my eBike. (Aventon Level.2 w/Topeak trunk bag with the fold-down panniers)  Another eBike option? A longtail cargo eBike like the Lectric Xpedition. Depending on how big your kids are, you could take both of them to school or daycare with it. Epic grocery runs too. Replace your car around town for the most part.  A side effect is that this would also get you out of the MTB rut you seem to be in. From what I've seen of your channel, (watched a dozen videos or so) you dabble in other bikes, but focus on MTBs.
Are you forced to use the e on an ebike? I always thought the e was only an option that did not have to be used?
Mostly because they cost the same as a house deposit
Love my EMTB Nicolai Saturn 16 with MGU!!
Be careful about charging your E-Bike. Powerful Li batteries can have thermal run-aways and cause great damage as well as loss of life. Do not charge your E-Bike inside your living space. Do not store your E-Bike battery in your living space.
This guy is a doofus lol - emtb are the future
In Germany, unfortunately, there is still a culture of making fun of people who ride an eBike. There are a lot of people who think you should only ride one if you are either old or physically impaired in some way.  Personally, I think that's ridiculous. Everyone should ride what they enjoy. Every ride outside is good and if you ride an eBike, you often wouldn't have ridden a bike at all otherwise.
If you did, you might as well sell the rest of them because you’ll never ride them again.😂
I got cheap chinese e-bike for present and I have to say that I'd rather ride traditional bike. At speed of 20km/h that I normally ride the electric motor is sleeping because mid level assist cuts out at around 17km/h and high level assist forcefully pushes bike to 25km/h which is a bit too fast. So e-bike needs to be better quality (and more expensive) with more dynamic electric assist or it's of very little use.
I was using my bicycles as primary transportation for many years and a few months ago I built gas motorized bicycles with a Phantom 85 and then an Avenger 85. I use it to get around town and to test it, I bring it up into the mountains. It's fun and helps save my energy for work. I won't be giving up my regular bicycle anytime soon because now it's primarily for fun adventures. I love the type 2 fun, where I'm forced into pushing my body up a couple of gears. Not only is it a great time and makes for great memories but also everything in my day to day life is easier and more manageable in contrast. I feel connected with history with adding a combustion engine to a bicycle. There are still too many people out the roads riding those oversized electric mopeds and scooters and it's made me not want to be on the local bike trail and not want one.
The problem with why electrified things arent allowed on trails are because the 'OG riders' lack of knowledge in the electric space, not every bike is a Surron where you dig up dirt with a twist of a throttle. They also think they own the trails for some reason.  It's this part of non-inclusivity that disgusts me about the trails so much in NA.
Here in Conway at the bike shop we refer to non e-bikes as an acoustic bike
I kinda made the same decision for my everyday hardtail mtb. Now I actually do work out multiple times per week, but I thought having a bit extra exercise helps. Bonus: Saves money.
You can get a shitty e-bike for $600, just like the Walmart bike you described for $400 lmao.
If you don’t live somewhere that has access to a huge range of e-bike trails, you are probably living a generally sun-par bike experience anyways. I get that east coast folks don’t have utahs 60% public land, & I feel for ya. If you can only e-bike on one local trail, yah, don’t buy one, but also probably don’t live somewhere that constricts your access like that. Don’t come here to stay but come experience real access, where a motor and a bigger range for s average bike ride is a good thing, and you don’t have to justify no motor to get ‘enough’ of a workout… go ride 6k vert and 40 miles on a e-bike and tell me you’re not worked 😊
I got a Cannondale Moterra 3 this summer cause I work a blue collar job & doing big adventure rides now that I’m married & working so much was really becoming hard, I’m only 27 but I do 50-60 mile e-bike rides and that keeps me in shape for the monthly 100 mile gravel rides I now have time for, whereas before I hiked everywhere & just loved a different life so being a true biker who only rode my commuter & hardtail just isn’t realistic for me any more. My Moterra was $4400 and I have looked at some Norco non e mtn bikes full suspension and they all were nearly as much if not more as my e-bike, and honestly if I’m gonna maintain a full suspension bike why not maintain a motor too? Idk. I also live on Utah wyoming Idaho border and we have a huge ammount of dirt bike trails and motorized single track, idk many people who do 6k and 40 miles on s normal mtn bike regularly but I do that once a week now. E-bike = more adventure rides, I wouldn’t ride one in a bike park 100% of the time.
I have a commuter oriented ebike(with mtb styling) that I use on trails occasionally plus I have a "manual" trail MTB that I'm building. As a bigger guy, the ebike has helped me develop better cardio conditioning because it's a torque sensor style just like the high end emtb's. With torque sensor ebikes, you still input a ton of leg power because you have to move a heavier bike(65lbs for my bike) and I find that I'd put in the same effort with my legs per stroke, but because the bike adds power, I get up the climbs faster and therefore am doing probably 25-30% less work over the whole climb. But that 25% translates to me enjoying my ride longer overall, and still conditioning me for my manual mtb. They are definitely equalizers is some ways, but that also opens the sport to people who normally wouldn't have gotten into mountain biking. More people = more trails, better trails(yes maybe busier trails at times), but ultimately the sport stays relevant for more people too.
I’ve always thought the e-bike hate was funny.  Cuz the hardcore guys might knock it for now, but there will be a day when it comes crawling back to them. Everyone at some point will benefit.   And by banning them everywhere you are ruining people’s later years in life.   IMO
Im also not there, still prefer real mtbs.
Really surprised there’s trails and areas in America where e bikes are banned.  They are absolutely everywhere in Europe and I’ve never heard of them being banned from any MTB park/trail.  Really don’t see the need to ban them.
I think that a lot of bike shops are guilty of selling most people far more bike than they need, but I'm glad to see that e-bikes have opened the door to cycling for so many new riders.
Turn the electrical assist off, and climb tat mountain with a 25 kilo mtb, you get all the workout you want.
Way too much money for a good e bike
"I don't even have a bike that cheap" after listing like 12 bikes at the start of the video 😂
First thing is you’re out there ripping it through a bike park! Try taking it on a dirt road up a 13,000 ft peak then you might consider that over a regular mountain bike
I built up an ebike in '21, after both knees replaced.  Took my young grandson to the park one day, and the battery went south on me. Had to pedal 2 miles home on a 60lb bike with trailer and 3yo.  Made it, but sure felt it!
I would definetly bike more with an ebike
ppoooo9iuhoiu bh
I'll perhaps get one in twenty years or so, when I'm over 60. Before that, no chance in hell! I would go lazy and thats no good.
Well in finnish bike culture we say (sähköpyörä)e bike wich is the electric and (luomupyörä) organic bike wich isint electric and when i heard organic bike first time its stuck on me if i drive non electric bike its organic bike(or in finnish luomupyörä)
I am a 75 year old fart. When I retired I stopped driving and started using my E-Bike as my main transportation. I did that for ten years until I developed a problem with my left leg. Now I am back to driving again with occasional short ride on the E-Bike. Without a motor I could not even do that.  Speaking of 'odd ball' bikes, have you ever ridden a shaft drive bike. I still have one that I hang onto because they are very uncommon in the US today. It is a step through frame with a Sussex drive train and 3 speed sturmey-archer hub and front suspension.  It was sold as a 'mountain bike" but I am not really certain how one defines a mountain bike.
I like cycling... I kinda don't want a battery to charge , I enjoy the effort of acoustic cycling . I ride a hardtail as I don't feel the urge to go full suss....mtb'ing since 1989.
Can you turn the assist off?
I get that some people have limitations that e-bikes help with however if you’re able to pedal you should just pedal.  There’s a purity to it.  if you want an e-bike just buy a motorcycle.
I have over well 15,000 miles on my $100 Walmart hyper mountain bike converted to e-bike with a bafang mid drive conversion kit i built back around 2011-12,  i fully upgraded everything on on the bike as everything Walmart failed except the frame within the first year, had to weld and alter rear swing arm for, cassett wheels and disk brakes, used but good rock shocks gas front end, trigger shifters, the works!  The computer resets every winter going months without my battery plugged in so it actually has more miles then that but i had to go by last i checked a few times when it reset, but i average minimum of 1500 miles a year as it is my main transportation. I backpack my 20ah 52v lifepo4 connected via a flixible monster car audio wire and xt90 connector as to not get my battery stolen when i chaine up the bike, also i killed 2 batteries due to ruff terrain, the spot welded connections break and prismatic cells get flattened out and damaged do to shocks from bumps. The trails in this video are far smoother than the roads in Youngstown ohio, lol. Backpacking the battery also helps  make the bike feel way lighter!!! The original bafang ESC failed a few years in which was a common issue back then and they had a new upgrade, other then that the electrics are bullet proof, i did crimp connect and seal the motor and battery leads, dont use the supplied connectors for the heavy wires, Shortly after breaking 4-5k on it i had a gear failure and had to tear down the motor/drive assembly to replace a gear do to cheap grease and not much if it, so it was running  dry, i drilled a hole that i can pump a shot of marine grease in on the gear with my needle tip grease gun every year since, it doesn't need much and you dont want it in the windings. When i got the bafang kit it was $500 and totally worth every penny, after all in with upgrades had less then $1500 in it ... Probably double that with bidenflation! But i do go through 1-2 kevlar back tires (worn to the belts), like 2-4 tubes, a chain and sprocket sets every year too, and a front tire every 2-3 years... Unfortunately I do think the motor isn't going to be lasting long because it's starting to make some weird noises on and off, I honestly just need to start fresh because it's getting in bad shape, all the weathering and aluminum frame is squeaking, ive been babying it cuz i cannot afford to replace it any time soon! I'm very poor and my fpv hobby keeps me that way... I squeezed every nickle out of it i think... The motor/gearbox is starting to make more noises on and off too...
Now days you can get decent bikes for under $600
I don't know how people justify 6k on an ebike or a normal bike no matter how capable they are when you could buy a used yamaha r6 for that with low mileage 😂
I dont want one bad enough to pay the price, especially with the range at this point in time always way bigger than advertised, the reason I love biking so much it occurred to me is because I am the motor, and it's how I keep my core polished, and some walking/jogging, developing my abs your natural weightbelt helps the back too
I'll think about getting an e-bike when I loose my will to live. It's just a ****** move.
I think the real advantage is when you get older. I am 69 and have mountain biked for decades but now the uphills are kicking my butt. My ebike allow me to continue mountain biking, otherwise I would probably be stuck on the roads.
I put a BBSHD on my bike recently. I wasn't planning to, but after I tried it out I was like hell yeah, I want this.   I don't have time to ride much, so I'm not really in shape, but now I can still go anywhere with no problems. The beautiful thing is, I can ride it normally with next to no assist, then when those pesky hills come up I can push a button and get to the top without feeling like my heart will give out.   I wouldn't spend a ton of money on an Ebike, but you can get a cheap upgrade kit and put it on a cheap bike, now suddenly you're superman.  It's just so much fun to ride when you have an option of assistance.  Heck, even if I sprain my ankle or something I can just use the throttle and coast home. Aside from weight and cost I just don't see a reason not to put a motor on your bike.
Beautiful ride at the end of the video. Love the vid’s🤙
I got both and choose by feeling. Sometimnes eMTB, sometimes MTB. It just gets me further and faster but it's also heavy
Don't do it. Their not built for drops if you don't have a mid drive.
E-bikes are just definitely heavier- a lot heavier
The trouble with e-bike riders is they drive like its a bike however its really a motorcycle. Thier supposed to have a moped sticker. Do left hand turn and dont look. Ride on side walks even though they can keep up with traffic. On trails bullshit if you can't ride stay on the road. Cops need to in force the laws.  Its a against the law to ride a motorcycle down the sidewalk.
Well said 👍 thank you
I might be old and my femur has been broken in 4 places and my knee cap was on the wrong side of my leg but lets be honest. I ride an e-bike because it is more fun and I can explore trails usually left to the motorcycles.
Yes I have a genetic heart disease that eventually reduced my heart function enough that I could no longer MTB with my friends without causing extreme delay. Having recently purchased a Canyon Strive ON, I can now ride again and enjoy riding with my friends. The trick is working with various counties to allow eMTBs on the trials. If inclusion is the objective, than let people with physical limitaions enjoy MTBing!
I had an e-bike in the early 2000's when I was 15 by throwing a Chevy big block starter, flywheel, fuel pump, PC radiator and a lead acid battery on a bike. Now, I haven't gotten around to it but, with technology these days I will eventually.
If you refuse to humble yourself before Jesus Christ and call upon his name and ask him to save you with contrition, you will be cast into the lake of fire with no rest, day or night. And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment: (Heb 9:27) The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. (2 Peter 3:9) And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire. (Revelation 20:15)
I just bought my first e fatbike with Bafang M510 for 1999€! It isn’t full suspension MTB but it can hold its own on trails plus I don’t need to buy the elevator tickets to get on top our local trail park. It’s awesome. I’m going out right now. Or after a cup of coffee…
i wish there would be a company who would make a LIGHT ebike with totally standard equipment and totally easy to use rockshox 160mm forks.   most special equipment on the bikes are totally unnecessary and too much expense and complexity after a hard fall.   we need carbon full suspension with totally basic components. easy to fix, and to order at way more reasonable prices.  integrated light front/back should be mandatory for ebikes because of the fast  acceleration in the streets and the logical way to power them up from the big battery.   i prefer yamaha or new spezialized motor systems.  maybe bosch.   i totally for gps tracking and alarm systems in ebikes.
But do you ever worry that e-bikes might just a gate-way drug to motorcycles?  In other words, why not just jump in with both feet and become a dirt biker?  Anyway, that's part of my reason for staying with traditional, non-assisted bikes.
I see a lot of unskilled riders on e-bikes.  They don't know how to ride in groups.  They pass people without calling it out.  Race uphill.  Some are very unsafe.  But that's a people problem, not a bike problem.
E-Bikes are amazing for commuting, rather than that, i would prefer to stick to a "normal MTB", more of a personal choice rather than hate
Mountain bikes are great at spiking your heart rate beyond the healthy for brief periods. If that's what you consider a good path for getting "in shape ", by all means, do you. EMTB, when adjusted continuously for your energy level, can put you at the optimal heart rate for an extended time. At 61, that's important to me. Don't take my word for it...rent one and check your numbers. I can ride longer, burn more calories, and get a safe workout on an emtb...objectively. and it is SO fun. My friend who rides 35 miles on his wisp of a road bike on frictionless tires rolling on frictionless pavement looks down his nose at me riding my emtb 15 on single track. Want to compare the numbers? You may be surprised at who put in more work. But it will be impossible not to notice whose smile is bigger.
i want a e bike without chaging it... couse electricaty is getting expensive.
I have been on 2 wheels since the age of 4. BMX, freestyle, mtbs, motocross, and sportbikes(both track and recreationally.)  An injury in 2016 on a jobsite put my riding anything with pedals on the shelf because due to my injury and 2 surgeries I no longer have an achilles in my right leg.   My emtb lets me get out there. If someone has a problem with that then they can literally go "foxtrot uniform charlie kilo" themselves.  Like I literally mean that. I will convey that message here just as I have on trail at times.  I have been a volunteer trail maintainer working with the DCNR here at times dealing with various trail maintenance issues, etc.  The elitist "I ride a acoustic bike only" crowd can go get bent.   Noone cares about your approach but you.  We have a saying on the motorcycle world.  Ride your own ride.   More people should get off of their soapbox  of self importance because at the end of the day noone really gvs af about your argument.  There is enough room on the trails for everyone.  Quit being delta india chalie kilo sierra.
6:24 the statue is giving big brain Sheen from Jimmy Neutron
I live in Bentonville and just started mountain biking I got a giant fathom 2 29er and I love it it’s perfect for entry level. I couldn’t believe that 70-80% of the bikers I’ve seen so far are on e bikes here the local shop I use told me don’t get an e bike cause you won’t want to ride a regular bike again it spoils you haha
ebike for me - damaged lung capacity (meh sitting at 60% there) and bad knee ... but not an MTB, just a regular trekking/touring bike which I use for commuting and touring
Go for the Nicolai MGU ! Belt drive, MotorGearboxUnit, Less unsprung weight…
I'm New to bike. Should I start on mountain bike or ebike?
watching this and I got an E-bike and pet lizard within the same year this year
BECAUSE THEY ARE OVERPRICED!
skibidi shot 1:31
Imagine being 14y old again, its the school summer holidays and your mates have just showed up on their bikes to call for you. Your Mum says ok ... go have some fun, but be back before dark!. You know you are in for a full on day of exploration, riding everywhere. At 50years+ This is how I feel getting on my e-mountain bike. I love it.
As a whitewater kayaker incorporating MTB to spend more time with my sons, we've been consuming a lot of your content and really enjoying it. Thanks for this one, especially. 🤙🏾🤙🏾🤙🏾
Two young kids and this is my only workout. Sounds like a good reason to me. My reason is I just don't want to spend the money
Very thoughtful and eloquent. Great video as always!
I bought and use mine to nurse a previous knee injury that made climbing on a regular bike borderline too painful to be worth riding anymore. Having the assist has gotten me back out, and made me able to continue loving a sport I’ve been involved with since my early teens
@4:20 nice 80's ass kickin montage music!
Love them or hate them its just a sign of the times, and they are becoming more popular all the time.all modes of transport is in transition into electric
And isn't that an E ring jew got on yo finga???
Oh man, i can relate to the "less time due to young kids" and needing real exercise when riding... I've been pulling my kids Burley trailer on a Specialized Turbo (electric bike) for the past three years and while its super fun and makes the trailer feel like its not even there, I've slowly gained weight and gotten soft in the cycling muscles.   I've recently switched to 100% human powered cruiser and can already tell it's going to be game changer for my fitness. I love my ebike and think they're great for folks they bring to the activity of cycling. I myself has leaned on it for too long though haha
it's all nice and fun until your battery runs out and you have no where to charge it. You end up with a heavy rig that you need to push all the way back home.
My dad was Christmas shopping and mom didn't understand how he could fit all that on a bike, turned out he went on 3 trips. The car was in the garage so that wasn't an issue.  It's a lot of times when most would take the car instead of a unpowered bike but with an ebike it's way easier so you take the ebike instead of the car. That's stuff that people don't think about.  For a few years now my parents have given me a bike vacation in birthday present,  we'll go in about a month this year. More or less driving to a location, park the car then using the ebikes the rest.  Using a heavily modified Devron eMTB, built a front cargo rack (with kickstand for the front wheel on front wheel bag rack) and 2x3W light system running of the bike battery, lets say it get bright. Everything else is changed except the frame, engine, wheels, handle bar and breaks. Haven't seen a reason for changing those (yet), bit tempted on tubeless but we'll see.
I ride an E-Bike, because I'm a fat Meatball that wants to get fit having fun
Nicely put.
The only problem i have, is that the group i used to trail bike whit all got electric. And it was zero fun riding whit them after, i could not keep up no matter how hard i tried.
Ride harder, crash even harder, get zero on your bankaccount quicker then ever
My wife has cancer; an e bike is the only way she can come bike packing with me.
I weigh 230.  We do need more speed to get that air.  When I ride with all the 140 lb kids they wonder why I don't fly like they do.  No wonder the ebike feels that way too.
it's mindbogglingly stupid that someone thought not allowing these bikes in some parks/places is a good idea. How is riding one different from a non-e mtb? There are some really stupid and backwards people in decision making positions ...sadly.
Why don't you have a tricycle? Rough life dude
i peddle my beer belly around all the time on my 50lb bike..never been to a gym in my life
i dont have one for 2 reasons..Reason #1 Cant afford it LOL dropped all my $$$$ on my Bighit #2 it just seems lazy but thats just me
Because if you truly understand mountain biking and you are healthy you don’t use a e-bike. Or if you are just lazy … you get an mountain E bike.
Throughout my life, I've had a deep love for both bicycles and motorcycles. Now at 71 years old, managing osteoarthritis in both knees could have meant giving up cycling altogether if not for my upgraded Trek Marlin 5 gen2. Installing the CYC Photon middrive electric motor has transformed my Marlin into a vehicle of renewed freedom. I can now effortlessly embark on 60-mile rides, feeling as youthful as I did decades ago. This DIY electric enhancement not only circumvented the high costs of factory e-bikes but also revitalized my passion for cycling. Over the past three months, I've logged an impressive 600 miles with the CYC Photon motor, which continues to perform flawlessly since the day of installation. Luckily, Illinois' leniency toward e-bikes means I can explore almost anywhere without restriction. By the way, I thoroughly enjoy your videos—please keep them coming!
3:24 Acoustic.
E-bikes are a great gap bridge for those that aren’t physically there yet
I learned I hate electric bikes,but Jackraɓbit electric bikes.......{I can't say"Anything bad about Jackrabbit Bikes is?}
I transport my two kids on my e-bike. That said, my next MTN bike purchase will not be electric.
2:22 I gave up my electric bike because no exercise,and the 5 hour charge!{Err manacles!}
You can adjust the pedal assist lower or higher
LOL i love the whole 6k as a budget bike. That is no where NEAR a budget that most people can afford unless they are upper middle class on the low side. I consider myself lower middle class and it took me forever and a day to afford a 1.3K e bike. It would take me YEARS to save up and buy a 6k ebike.
Another reason might be the prices??
As someone in his mid 40s with a heart condition, dodgy hip and back, buying an emtb is the best thing I've done in years... I feel like I'm 18 again and can now ride with my kids.
You can just walk your bike up….. There is no law that says you have to peddle on a climb. Walking also burns more calories if you, for some odd reason, chose to ride bikes to lose weight… SMH
I really don't understand how mountain biking has become a type of workout in many peoples minds; having fun on two wheels is the point. Sure, some extra cardio is nice but I don't care who you are, hills are not fun on an analog bike and they are unavoidable! I go to the gym and put in real work five days a week, then I mountain bike 2-3 days a week - for FUN! I am so tired of analog bikers saying "you must be old or broken if you ride an ebike" especially when they are 20 years old and fat and I'm almost 41 with a six pack LOL...   Get a gym membership and stop killing yourself on the way up (or paying for an Uber to get you to the top) and get with the times. At least this guy admits he does nothing else to stay in shape. Great video!
I would never buy a bike from Walmart...not only do I not support that store but you pay for what you get. Bikes are sadly getting a bit overpriced but I don't have to worry too much about being that I only bike commute and not do mountain biking.
If I get an ebike it's for commuting, I don't ride bikes like that even though I live in NC. I do wish we had more bike lanes where I lived since 99% of the time I have to ride with vehicles. I ride to work which is 15 minutes one way or 3 miles. It keeps me in shape to ride every day even for small things if this helps you
I like this content, i do think YouTube viewership has gone down due to the other platform, but it probably resulted in greater monetizing
I really like dad
if im buying an ebike im not cheaping out i want the 750 wh battery especially if its the same price
you all wait until you get old and have knee osteoarthritis... THEN lets talk again about Ebikes...
There may be a lot of mis information as to why "E-Bikes" get banned in some areas. There is electric powered and power "assist". If you don't have to pedal it is effectively a motor bicycle and if ridden in a zoom zoom fashion it will cause some aggravation on the trails that are generally maintained by volunteers.
I’m 47. I have run marathons, trial runs,100 plus mile road bike rides, duathlons, weightlifting etc. I own a Giant, pedal assist only, ebike because it’s simply fun. I enjoy having recovery exercise on the bike, great for hauling loads and commuting. I get plenty of exercise, more than enough.
I like your videos keep up the good work. It is a matter of time you will eventually get one to get you on the trails. I’m a senior cyclist and love my stable of bikes that includes e-bikes.
I'm trying to figure out why electric bikes exist. After all, bicycles are for exercise, and are the greenest transportation on the planet, yet I never see any of these reviewers, or ANYONE, riding these, PEDALLING! BTW my early 1980s Centurion Super Elite, weighed 19.8 lbs.
I dont have an ebike cause im not fat or handicapped.
I really don't get e-bikes other than for disabled people. Really. Unless if you cannot be bothered to actually pedal. I ride bikes for leisure and for cardio. The E-bike negates the cardio at least. So I use 'real' bikes.
There's a small bike park near me with no lift access. It's an hour climb for 5-10 min downhills on a regular bike. I didn't really understand e-bikes until I saw e-bike guys doing 5 or 6 laps, whereas I was done after 2.
Don't bite the apple, all your other bikes will get no use once the evil temptation of the ebike is in your posession.  Not for me until later, but they are fun for party laps.
i got an e-bike at walmart for 300$ i use it everyday
I dont care what someone else rides, but I don't like gatekeepers. If you don't like ebikes, don't ride one. I ride an ebike. It's got absolutely no impact on anyone else's life so why do other people care what I (or anyone else rides)?
Ironic that you find it sketchy when the bike is heavier in jumps and turns, while i feel sketched from mountain bikes being so lightweight going over jumps. Must be that i grew up on dirtbikes, so to me the bike weighing literally 40 pounds and being expected to carry my weight plus g-forces is always astounding. But they work! I recently have gotten into mtb's and also converting them to electric after a life of gas powered atv's. I do still have a garage of motocycles and atv's though. Great videos!
I am not buying an e-bike while I perfectly able to ride a normal one. But if it gets hard when I get older I am totally open to having one to continue riding.
recently i have been biking to work 4km, now i ebike.
Years ago, I was waiting in line at my local post office. And one of the ladies behind the counter remarked to one of her colleagues: "I was late to work this morning, since my bicycle refused to start." Case closed.
But that is my thing with it to, I'm not gonna gain anything from buying an electric bike. Here you can no longer get insurance on the bike because they the hottest thing to steal right now. So not only are you 100% sure it will be stolen within the first year, if not the first month. Your endurance won't improve and experience does, you not going on those long trails anyway.
No workout? Non use e-asist when u ride on e bike. Them u have good workout 😂😂
You should try one of the latest SL e-bikes.  I have a Gen 2 Levo SL and, at 40 lbs, it rides like a non-e Stumpjumper. My other bike is a 35 year old Lightspeed Obed FS :p  The e-bike has rekindled my love of mountain biking and enables this old broken body to get out there with my much more fit friends.  If you want to sweat and burn, just turn down the assist level on the fly.
great video, i'm kinda the  same as you in my view for myself.  I dont have a single issue with e-bikes, if they get more people riding, thats a good thing.  I love my mountain bikes, it might sound wierd but i kinda like the feel and burn in the legs after hauling ass through some rough terrain, there may/will be a day i can't do that anymore and an e-bike is a good solution.  At 42 now, i'm still going on the hardtails and loving it.
I was an avid rider with high end MTB and Road bike throught out the 90s and early 2000s when i recieved multiple gun shot wounds in my left femur and grenage fragmentation in left ankle and left hip.  That ended my riding until this year when I had hardware removed that has increased my ROM at the knee.  I started looking at bikes and saw these e-bikes as something not worthy investigation.  This is my first source to hear what even the bikes are about.     I remember my Colnago Titanio and my Santa Cruz Juliana SL and being just thrilled with both.   Id buy both those bikes again, and never look at what the bike industry is trying to foist upon us.
I’m buying wife one as we speak to keep us together instead of having to use two way radios. It’s about the same price as marriage counseling but it’s way better…because it’s a bike!
My parents and grandmum over 90 has e-bikes. I'm not retired and old enough
I got one to commute to work during the Summer and a big uphill climb that I'd sweat a lot doing.  I'm spending a lot less time in the car.  And I got the cheapest Yamaha mid-drive bike I could get.
Bio-bike pronounced beo-bike
I have my hardtail and I'm happy
Just get it. They getting lighter and cheaper and most of all better.
He is an ebikephobic 😮
Momma’s lil cowboy
I feel that mostly, e-bikes feel like cheating. Like, I could earn my ride by pain but instead I'm cheating with an ebike.  Which is dumb because, any mechanical advantage is cheating.  Me having different mechanical speeds is cheating, me going places on two wheels instead of two legs is cheating. Cranks are levers, that's cheating! Mechanical bikes are assisting us the same way e bikes do.
2:32 you should hate tricycles. I had one for years as an industrial cycle. Where do I start? It was a heavy pig. The only way to crash is high siding it. Unstable in turns at anything but walking speed. Insanely hard to pedal in wind. But alas in the name of "safety" the company didn't hand out any more real bikes
I ride my $125 Gary Fisher Montage for exercise. I could see older people wanting e-bikes but I'm only 65.
The whole point of mountain biking for me is the physical challenge. If I want to rip and go fast, I ride durtbike
I loved riding bmx as a kid and hadn't ridden one in a couple decades so i picked one up to ride around my flat town to grab a thing or two from the store instead of firing up a v8 every time my Mrs. wanted one item. I enjoyed it but would still rather take the truck due to creeping up on 40. Picked up a used E bike on marketplace and now i ride every single chance i get and am in much better shape. All about perspective and what you were doing before. If i had been riding the trails and such since i was younger and could still do it.......id probably be turning my nose up to the e bikes tbh 😅
Moped = motor + pedals.
E-bikes sort of broke strava segments… e-bikes are breaking all the records. I like motorcycles. I like bicycles. But e-bikes are an abomination. 🫤
It's interesting to know various perspectives. For me my e-bike makes me have the same awfully high heart rate but I'm on the top quicker. So I loose out on time of an effort but it's still a high effort. And it makes me go out more and having that power in reserve makes me more likely to push hard without worrying much about getting back home as I can always rely on the assist. But that's on road/gravel. On MTB it's go or no go for me. I've tried a lot but I'm so shit at climbing no matter how much i trained. The weight is not much of a con for me I adjusted to it. But the purchase price is certainly a big thing. And hunting for used stuff introduces one more avenue of hidden wear.  But I get that for some people it's not the same experience and ultimately enjoy what you enjoy! But it's certainly worth a try!
Really, you should test this with a pulse watch. Do you really work less hard per trip than when you ride a bike with no motorized help? What I find is that I rarely hit max pulse on an e-bike, but that means I can go on longer, and keep up the intensity for a longer time. I get that it isn’t for everyone, but for me it has been a game changer, making me go out for a trip more often than I would before, just because it is more fun and less pain.  But… I do not feel excluded. I ride an e-bike, and still find your videos inspiring.
I ebiked for several years and have gone back to analog. No replacement for the workout you get redlining up a hill on analog bike.
And I could make that $400 Walmart mountain bike into an E-mountain bike for an additional $300.  Sub $1,000.
e bikes allowed my parents who are 64 year old to join me and my brother on our gravelrides wich often go 150km and 2000m in elevation. i will definetly get one for sport too when im old. i have one of my parents when they got newer ones. its amazing. i dont use the car anymore.
IMO an ebike is NOT for excersize, it's for enthusiasts and thrill-seekers to get more out of their ride than their body could offer.
£400 on a MTB to me is absolutely huge so I cannot even imagine spending 8 grand - the price of a decent used car, on a bicycle.
Well if you never ride an ebike, at least you won't get derogatory comments from middle aged lycra-clad roadies as the make their way to the next cake shop.
I think most people don’t want to admit it but what’s the true meaning of having e-mtb?? If you’re ok with the regular bike and cost less money??  When I used electric mtb, I used it to help me push myself uphill when I struggle to paddle. So I don’t use electric bike any longer. It’s kinda cheating in my opinions.
The Fitness aspect isnt true there Tons of Studies that u Burn more calories per month on an ebike then on a normal bike.  Because u ride way more and longer over a long time  But not if u only use race/turbo/ or emtb Mode   Eco and Tour are good for Fitness.
You make great videos.  We hope you start covering eMTBs.  We are just getting into them, but your expertise with analog mountain bikes is valuable. -Producer Tim
Your remarks at the 3:45 mark are spot on.  Thank you for sharing your perspective.
An ebike is just a motorbike
I’m 46, not in shape, and I live surrounded by mountains. I tried a regular mtb but I was really miserable. The e-bike is the choice for me
They shouldn't ban ebikes anywhere if they want to bring people into the sport. Especially people who might not normally have access to a more remote trail ride because of permanent injuries that an Ebike can help them get passed. It's a reasonable accomodation and if their governed like they should be straight out of the box then your average huckster is going to max that out pretty quickly and has no need of the assist other than keeping up with their cross country friends on the climb. I've had plenty of people throw a hissy fit when my group ride blows by them on some aggressive single track at 30ish mph which is way faster than the 21 those bikes are set at. A double amputee above the knee on the other hand could enjoy riding on more aggressive rides than they would normally without having to get off the bike as much on an aggressive climb, in which case they also feature walk assist modes so you're not fighting a 40 pound rig up a section if you bobble. I'd imagine any of that for certain kinds of amputees seems like something that's possibly reason enough to not consider mountain anything. Which isn't fair and makes the world less interesting. It's also an excellent way to level back up if you've been out of the sport for a long time. I may still have all my fingers and toes, but as an 80% disabled vet the fear of a trip to the ER every time I hit a trail and forget I'm 40 is almost enough to keep me from riding and makes me want to chew up some alieve dual action just thinking about it. Which really sucks if you use to do trials not just trails. 😂
It does not remove the fitness barrier it softens it. I Just did a three day trip on my E bike and put in about 45 miles. My legs are sore as hell. But I’m a 250 lbs 6’1” rider, I also kept the bike in eco mode 90% of the time. I also was riding with someone way above my fitness level. Like an amateur XC  podium guy.
The Notes on his Phone at 2:55 …
Yeah I'm the same, I don't need one yet but I will. I have only 3-4 hours a week to ride and riding is the only safe exercise for me due to a lot of joint issues. Those same issues will mean I might struggle to ride someday soon - maybe as soon as when I hit my 40s, so I am super glad ebikes are around to keep me going when my body gives out. For now I need to get the most out of that short window of exercise I get to try and keep myself in as good shape as I can. I remember Bill Burr saying he wanted to get to 50 in the best shape of his life, and that kinda stuck with me but deduct 10 years. I want to hit 40 in better shape than I've been since my early 20s. Precious little time to achieve that working a lot of hours.
Western NC not progressive?! Who would have guessed
You've got a good way of  thinking,nice vids. Iv got an e bike because I don't ride much an I can see more without being pooped for a few days
So are you getting a pet lizard now?
How nice to be young and fit. I try to be fit again but I’ll never be young again. In the meantime i will convert my hardtail in a e-bike because i want to enjoy myself while getting fit
I bought a 30,000 lb bus for $5k... that's 4 month's rent... it ain't exactly chump change.
My ebike is going to assist me in taking my kids up hills. That's the huge upside to it. It's not a trail bike, it's a fun accessory to help me take my kids places. It is unnecessary at a certain point in their lives unless I need to go faster for some reason. But they can't ride bike well yet so for now they will just ride with me.
Defenetly get a lizaard though! I have a chameleon and he is the best!!!
I feel like an e-bike mountain bike isn't that useful to get the most out of the experience I did bike 300km in one weekend using an e-bike for the road, that was a game changer.
this whole E-bike works better thing is all well and good but what about when it doesnt work at all? when you turn the pedals and nothing happens? controller battery issues and wiring, not only do you still have the traditional maintenance troubles to deal with, you now also need to be an electrician. ive given these technologies a chance and short of being a straight up marketing scam it doesnt work. if you cant pedal your own weight dont get a bike of any kind.
I am 55 and just bought a gasgas trail 3 e-bike this spring brand new cheap like 45% off. It a game changer. I am riding downhill way better because bike is more planted and stable. Getting a great work out based only garmin and having fun going up hills and down fast.
The Fat e-Bike i don't care about Mountain biking and Trail Rules Fun Riders suck!
get a lizard bro
Economics already decides for many people what bike is best for them.
I'm honestly considering moving from a dirt bike to an emtb. I like to go fast, but I want to actually do some cardiovascular exorcize at the same time. Plus people freak out when they see dirt bikes on a trail, even if it is legal. A lot easier to go more places with an emtb. Might have to give one a try. I still have that dirt bike mentality though. I want a brand that will be around to continue manufacturing repair items for the bike, especially the battery. Also a bike that will still be worth something in the future for resale value. Might be too must to ask for.
E-bikes have their applications, but you're denying yourself a chemical release you would only get from riding hard, and pushing yourself - not everyone rides for that, but that's a big reason why I ride, and one of the greatest pleasures of riding - the riders high. Not much is better then a "clean" experience your body will reward you with when you work for it There's also something mentally different knowing your range isn't being limited by charging a heavy battery that could also malfunction, and burst into flames. You would think that would become quite the liability in forested areas when the rare situation of it does happen.
I ride a Wire Peak eMTB. I'm in my mid 30s. I have arthritis in my knees and can't ride a normal bike (I can't walk for days after riding my analog bike anymore). Just luck of the draw. I take exception to just calling it an ebike. It's an eMTB, which is just class 1 ebikes. Ebikes in classes 2 and 3 are the kinds ruining trails.   In 2024, places that bar eMTBs from trails are frankly ableist.  Also, I have lost 45lbs on my eMTB. I was only maintaining, not losing, on my analog bike. This was before my diagnosis of arthritis. The extra distance and the reps you're doing make a huge difference. It's a cumulative process. Farther, faster, longer adds up fast.
Mountain biking is so much more fun with an ebike. I actually feel excited to go biking instead of dreading it.
Hi Seth, first and foremost great YouTube channel. I'm a huge fan of your content. That being said, E- bikes are probably the worst thing to happen to biking / cycling. I will be very transparent in saying that e-bikes take away from all the sweat and pain a rider as to endure to really fall in love with the sport. In addition it takes most health benefits away from biking. BIG NO NO to e-bikes. I do see a lot of excuses down below defending e-bikes, but those individuals are not true bike enthusiasts.  Thank goodness that most bike parks do not allow such monstrosities on our trails.
I don’t know what kind of e-bikes you guys have there. Here in Portugal (and Europe) the e-bikes are class 1 (only pedal assist up to 25kph) and can select no assist at all. Which makes one exercise even more (heavier bike). I usually disable assist when riding with someone using conventional bikes. A e-bike can be used as a conventional bike. But a conventional is stuck being conventional.  Here, class 1 are equivalent to conventional bikes, so they can be used everywhere a conventional bicycle can be used.
There is another group in the ebike category that I think I fit into. I don't have a car, 50 y/o that has run his health into the ground and if I didn't have an ebike, I would have to quit my job as no direct busses go to were I work. My options with getting to work are to walk (~1 hour): ride a mechanical bike (show up sweaty and exhausted (hills)~20m): Buss (3 transfers and dependent if they are on time ~1:25 hours): eBike ~12m. Then the same to get home.   Also, I can carry so many more groceries. When I had to take the mechanical, I would have to make 3 trips that equal one with an ebike and would take about 2.5 hours.   I know the flip side to this coin too. Just ride the mechanical, get in shape and you will be whizzing to work inside of 15 minutes barely breaking a sweat. Although true, I am a lazy mfer :)
I understand that some think e bikes are stupid or useless, well probably for them they are, well even i thinked e bikes are stupid and you cant exercise with them. But after i bought e fat, my opinion changed. You can exercise with them, at least if they are road legal here in finland, 250 watts and 25kph is absolute max for them. If you arent in good shape, are overweight or something other limits, e bikes are the way to you to exercise without hating every seconds of it. And yeah, going 30kph with ebike is fun af when example i cant go that fast with normal bike because of acceleration (bad shape and overweight), and its still as hard maintain that speed as with normal bike because motor cuts out after 25kph. And i mean those people who disses e bikes or laughs at people who uses them like they shouldnt get better or ride bikes just because normal bikes are too much??
Ebike is like cheating on your self when going uphill. Unless: you have injury, elder that need support. (This is only my opinion going uphill cus it ebike make it easier)
But can you afford it, they are pricey , i have a city e bike da vinci love it to go to work but , at 4500,00
No more room in your storage , simple
E bikes are bad for environment,  and a fire hazard.
The thing is I do mountain biking for fitness & to keep in shape, as much as I’d love an e-bike, I couldn’t go back after owning one & my fitness would go downhill (pardon the pun”
5 years ago this vid would have been MTB Blasphemy
Ride till the battery dies. Then pedal it home.  Workout complete.
Wild that $5k is considered a budget bike
E-bikes are the killer solution for utility cycling, aka transportation.
Seth is such a nice guy that he takes the heat out of this debate. My main problem with e-bikes is that they are being marketed and produced to replace bicycles. My heart goes out to people who are disabled or sick and for whom e-bikes are the only alternative. But young, healthy people do not need e-bikes. The population of most developed countries needs more exercise, not less.
I want one, but I also want to wait until after I turn 40
I rode one once and i didn't like it one bit. Maybe someday i'll get one but at 36 i'll stick to the real thing.
My concern is the battery.  Not in the mood to burn down my garage with a bad battery.  I'll keep my "analog" bike for now.
Nothing against e-bikes, just loose the pedals...you don't need that.
For me, I ride motocross, mtb and emtb. I do completely different rides on the ebike, I love hitting gnarly steep techy climbs that I hate or can't do on my accoustic. The routes I do on the ebike are insane. I agree it's great for exploring. Also when my legs are smoked from a hard race day on the moto, an ebike ride replaces a road ride, I can do a zone 2 workout pretty easily and be ripping through the woods as fast or faster than I would be on my accoustic. It has replaced my Downhill bike at this point. I really enjoy the ebike, but I also enjoy my regular accoustic bikes too, they're just different.
As a newly disabled veteran (lost my leg in a hit and run 6 months ago) I feel like this could help me get back into mountain biking.  If only they wouldn't make fun of me at the trails...
I just got one for the electric motor, battery, and controller gonna slap them on something else and use it just purely throttle.
Personally I just don’t feel that e-bikes are biking. It’s a personal choice so if someone has one, I’m personally find with it.
With how inconspicuous they’ve become, I would take them to your local spots anyways. I don’t see a logical reason to not allow them and it’s a victimless form of civil disobedience. Even local legislation trying to ban them just don’t want to go through the work of drafting nuanced legislation and it’s easier to just issue a blanket ban.
E bikes are perfectly fine and I don't see why anyone would ever has an issue with it. So what if the other guy goes up faster and more often than you for less effort? What does it matter to you? If it does then that's a YOU problem.  The only times e bikes should be forbidden if not everyone uses them is in competitive settings, if there is money or prizes/titles on the line then it absolutely has to be equal for everyone with the only difference being each human being and how much they have trained for that moment.
I have numerous bikes and an e bike (Trek Rail) the ride ratio is 2 e bike rides to 1 analogue. As far as a cardio workout goes I have the same heart rates on an e bike as conventional mtb as the settings have been adjusted that way. It just allows you to travel slightly quicker and further also boosting the fun factor
I used to run and ride with my parents as a teen, and then they got deeper into middle age, and I became a competitive endurance athlete, and so I am really pushing them to get e-bikes, because I'd love to be able to ride with them again. I think that's the number one magic of the e-bike is that it makes some riding (MTB, Road, and Gravel all) way more accessible to people who it just wouldn't be accessible to anymore, or it makes riding together at different fitness levels accessible in a way it isn't anymore.   For many more years I'll be a "naturally aspirated" guy first, I train a lot and big part of MTB riding for me is racing, so that pushing myself is part of the excitement. BUT I lived in mountains, I'd own an e-bike for sure. To be able to turn average trail systems into a bike park, and do a few extra hours of riding in the week without putting extra big uphill miles in my legs and torpedoing my training plan would be amazing to allow me to be a guy who both uses a bike as a way to train hard, but also as a way to just have fun. But since I currently live somewhere where 500m in 30km is a lot of elevation in a ride... I think I'll be waiting a while yet. Someday, though, and I love what e-bikes are doing to get more people biking in all kinds of contexts. With friends and family they usually couldn't keep up to, commuting to work by e-bike instead of driving, or even just getting some fresh air. Badass technology. :)
Bought a Pinarello E-bike last year (yeah, was surpirsed Pinarello makes MTB too) to get in shape after my long-term history of knee trauma several years ago, wanted to get in shape for the first time in many years.  Turned out, my knee doesn't bother me at all anymore yet the e-bike doesn't provide any fitness value, all the climbs I get here are just waaaay too easy. The only fitness is getting that thing inside my home or SUV, that's pretty annoying, especially with the 840mm handlebars  Sold it, got a Cannondale Scalpel and now I'm always sweating and out of breath. Really want to get something like Turbo Levo SL in addition to the Scalpel, which seems like somewhat of a middleground.
Ebikes are for people who don't/cant bike. If youre already competent on a bike then they'll probably just make you wish you were on a lighter more maneuverable bike
I don't like Ebikes at all, if I had a sucessful Youtube channel about mountain bikes and didn't want to offend ebike people, these are all the reasons I would give, without flat out saying, I don't like them, I won't buy one, but please watch my content!
Think about the e-waste none of the stuff is upgradable or shareable according to a bicycle ewaste report I read.
Im a mountain biker and downhiller for 15 years and i was starting to get bored and E-Bike just made me come harder on the game.. I changed to Enduro motorbike because i like speed and now you can have the lightweight and the maneuverability of a bike but with increased speed.. I Ofcourse tuned it up to go 35kmh and i couldnt be happier. Now there is more people to go drive with even if isnt at pro level because those people who not into fitness or not in good shape can come along.. For those who think you cant do sport on an Ebike is completely wrong.. You can set it to lowest or like in my bike you can customize between Assitance and acceleration from 1 to 5 and have 4 different modes .. You will sweat and get tired .. Now guess you can skip most of the annoying long straight streets or uphills and jump to the fun part by having it on Full assistance and get to go 2 or 3x times more far which atleast to me makes me happier and more motivated rather than always the same course ive been doing for 10 years.
E-bikes make no absolutely no sense for a young able bodied person. Just pedal on your own power and get fitter and fitter by doing your cycling hobby regularly. Don't be a lazy ass and use electric power just so its easier to pedal. For older people sure e-bikes are amazing so they can still enjoy cycling without stressing their bodies too much. And that's what e-bikes should be for. For older generation or for people with injuries that cannot ride a regular bike due to it being too stressful for their bodies
I have asthma and while I still know I definitely CAN get into a good enough shape to climb with a normal bike, starting out with a normal bike would almost certainly just be too much. I think e-bike would make it much easier for me to get going and even eventually be able to climb without electric assist. Now only if I had the money to get an e-bike...  Having adhd doesn't help eather. Sure I could start building up my strength just riding on the streers but it's too boring to me and I just give uo after a while. Mountain biking is infinitely more fun to me, if it wasn't for my lungs killing me on the way up 😅. Exercise being boring is determental if you have adhd, getting in better shape just isn't enough to motivate us to suffer though it.
“Why don’t I have an e-mountain bike”  2:20 later  “idk, I didn’t think about it”
My general cardiovascular fitness is tied to my climbing ability. In my mind. If I struggle, I need to get in better shape. If it’s easy, I’m in good shape. This determines how much effort I put into my fitness. Without this gage I will probably just get fat.
Good, and Thank You. Plenty of E-Bike channels out there...popping up like vape shops! Continued success....biking really helped with knee pain. Just bought another used Cannondale full suspension to used along with my hardtail. Q - Roo for roadwork. USMC Ret.
i got my e-bike for pulling a little trailer, where i live there are some big elevation changes between villages and even the closest city is 90 m below. If i want to do a slow trip somewhre and get an ice ore something else without spreading my sweat everywhere and feel unkomforatble, i take my e-bike.
I love them. I have only 1 rule. You must be over 50 years to get one. Under 50 -> get in shape. Still got 20 years to go without e-bike.  Also i feel mountains should be earned. And the hard terrain was kind of protection against masses. Now there is a lot of people on the mountains that should not be there and just make a mess (loitering) and being just loud (bluetooth speakers).
12 minutes to tell us why
What is the exact reasoning for disallowing the e-bikes from the trails? I cannot see any objectively measurable "bad" from the that would make sense. Weight and weight induced damage to the trails is not it, because then you'd have weight limits on traditional riders too and fats not allowed. It's not the fact that due to its weight it's harder to handle and not necessarily as agile as traditional bike, because that would deny noobs from participating. Sure, trail specific limitations could make sense on that metric, but not a blanket denial from the whole park.  Fire hazard doesn't sound particularly reasonable either.
I have seen E-Bikes on trails and oh boy, they are not doing very well. You don't need to climb the rails on your own most of the time you take a lift. Even Ebikes can not climb most trails in Europe without a lift. On top of that Ebikes are mostly used by untrained MTB riders with stock components. They cost as much as a perfect Fully but have components for the Road not the Mountain. Long shotry short, yes you can bring your Mom to the Mountain on an Ebike, but if you let her go down the Mountain you might lose your Mom. Yes Ebikes get more people out, that would normally never go out on a bike, but that is actually dangerous for them as well. End of Story, there will be more and more viewers that will look for Ebike videos cause they ride or pretend to ride Ebike. You are free to make content for them. An Ebike is always going to be much heavier there for worst for you to go down hills and better for you to climb. Its just that trail rides are more about Down not up.
I'm a wounded combat veteran, E bike makes sense. I can't climb like I used to....as for the sensitive, meh. I can still out lift most of them, (three times top three states), out shoot almost all of them (twice national champion) Two time combat veteran....so manhood ✅  It's funny how butt hurt others on the trails can get.
55 hear ,ebike kit on my 1999 Marin Palisades trail 👣 i call it the Mountain ⛰️ Goat 🐐  ,only. 40Lbs with motor and battery 🔋 👌 🤠✌️🙏
Assist is adjustable. I you want a workout you have one. Having another tool in your toolbox is never a bad thing.
didn't seth have an blue e mountain bike?
I am with you Seth. I love my acoustic bike. Partly it is the weight. I mean it isn’t super light but it is lighter than most e-bikes. I am always thinking that on long rides I will run out of juice and I just don’t feel like peddling a 50lb e-bike uphill. Then there is Armageddon. What will e-bike owners do when the grid goes down? I have enough worries with charging my head unit. Am I getting too old? You betcha, pushing 70. So all my friends say I can’t keep up. Naturally they have already made the switch. So for now I would rather be huffing and puffing in the back of the crowd until the day comes when e-bikes look as trim and slim as acoustics.
Basically these days with the mid motor e-bike conversion kits a bike like your $400 Walmart budget hardtail MTB can be upgraded and converted to a very capable e-bike for a lot less dollars than a factory bought e-bike with the same performance level.  Sure it is still not of the quality on the build components of a $6000+ factory build BUT it opens the door to many more people that can afford this avenue into e-bikes and the improvements and upgrades to make the bike even better can be spread over time which better suites those with shallower pockets.
God I love the real honesty of this channel, like when he said “I know people ride dirt bikes” when talking about hitting jumps with e bikes, he’s so aware and not in a bubble, I love it here
I used to bike pretty intensely 15 years ago on my Trek hard tail. Got back into the game with an ebike 15 years later (Aventon) because I wanted to get out. The price is right, the bikes are the future, and I can train with more adaptability now.   Like you said, the doors it opens up and the locations you can go are somewhere between mountain biking and a low cc dirt bike, but without all the problems of a traditional dirt bike.  The weight is an issue, but that should become evene more refined over the next few years for competitive riders. It's hurting same as the motorcycle and car industries due to slow adoption, high prices and low range but we're witnessing the change right now.
e-bikers all end up with weak tendons like elastic band
I'll get an ebike when I don't have the health to ride a real mtb.  And that is the best thing that ebikes have done for folks, for the physically unable to ride a mtb they can now with an ebike.  Opens up the opportunity for more folks to enjoy mtbing.
Sold my ebike. Now back to regular bike…. 😂
To Ride a e bike is like dukin with viagra ~ my engineering teacher last year
I used to mountain bike when I was younger until I got hurt a couple times. Now at 67 I have a foldable heavy e-bike I ride on trails around RV parks and love it.
Before I had an Ebike, any time I was not working I was on PC or watching TV. I did not own a car but still spent about $300 monthly on taxi and bus. Now I use it to commute and actually do stuff like go fishing.
because Fake Bikes are Bad Bikes.
Living in BC there are massive climbs to hit the trails where I am.  Plus I ride my bike to hit the climb instead of driving to all of the mountains close to me.  On top of that, controlling the weight of the bike of descents is much harder, at least on the beast I’m riding.  I’m not the most fit rider out there but I just flat out disagree with anyone saying riding an EMTB is not a workout or difficult in any way.  Since using EMTB I have progressed much further much faster hands down.
I had an e bike in the city and it was basically a motorcycle, I got so far and put in no effort, but I missed the effort to feel engaged in the terrain, so now I only have a mountain bike and I’m getting my workout for sure and it’s way more fun because I’m doing it all myself!
If it gets more people on bikes instead of in cars,it’s a good thing. Simple as that in my book.
I’m from AZ , I just happen to have a cousin who lives in Bentonville , I might go visit her and ride  , this place looks awesome , does anyone know of some good trails ?
Im 54 and recently diagnosed with a lung disease (non smoker).  My hardtail MTB I just couldnt use anymore as  I was always buggered after every uphill, I just couldnt keep up.  Recently bought an ebike and OMG my life is transformed.  I am still pushing hard, peddaling hard, getting a great workout and so much more confident on the ebike.  This bike has given me a reasons to get out and enjoy riding again.  Couldnt care less what people think.  I absolutely love it.
At 54, the cardio and physical benefits of my mountain bike is a big factor.  At some point, I could see getting an e-bike if it keeps me on the trails. That said, I never get those that harass others or have a fit about others using them.  Chill dudes. 🤘
I've been holding off on getting an e-bike for so long because it would almost feel like cheating. As someone that has suffered a lot of injuries, many of them requiring surgery, I find myself not able to do the climbs I want or ride as long or as far as I want. I just purchased my first e-bike and I love it. It gets me out more so even though I might not be putting in the same effort, I am riding more often and putting on more miles. That being said, I understand now the appeal of them. I fought it for so long. Now I am glad I own one.
Hey iv been watching your videos since recently taking interest in mountain biking. I’m on a budget and looking for a great beginner bike. What would you recommend that’s fast and reliable for a $300-400 budget?
I always did cycle a lot until I did get sick with colitis ulcerosa and had no energy anymore to cycle and did not cycle for more than a year   Now I did buy a ebike and ride it all lot more and my body/energy level get a lot better and feel less sick
im the same reasoning for not getting a e bike, just bought my first proper MTB and its like the only exercise i get outside of working construction. i enjoy the struggle sometimes
I personally understand people not allowing E-Bikes on trails. On the trails where I live, I was passed by an E-Bike while having a stroll on my regular bike and the dude was absolutely rocketing past me on a nearly silent bike. Pretty dangerous if someone's just having fun enjoying the scenery
I know i would love it ,but i just dont want to loose my fitness level.
Why dont you have road bike?
for me, ebikes make you soft. half the point of cycling is the fitness aspect.
Your comment that hit home most for me was the "its like I'm doing a different sport". I'm really happy to see so many commenters pointing out how their ebikes have got them in the saddle or kept them in the saddle - that has been true for friends of mine locally. Despite these well voiced sentiments I have lamented the direction the sport has been headed for some time - my mountain bike social media is essentially become exclusively race oriented or free-ride oriented content with more and more of the perception of what mountain biking is or means being connected to lift serve style riding or focused on statistics like "the number of laps I rode in a day". When I watch the industry pushing ebikes through advertising and influencer content towards able bodied folks just looking to go faster out in the woods, or go equally fast with less effort, it feels like the sport is flirting dangerously close to the electric dirtbike market that is rapidly evolving to meet it half way (I say this as someone that owns a Suzuki 250). Some motorcycle suppliers have already started offering mountain bikes (it helps that much of mountain bike tech was borrowed from the moto-world often by brands that cut their teeth in moto racing like Renthal and Fox) and I think its telling that Fort Nine is working to expand their media content into mountain biking. I think conversations like the honest one you just posted need to be out in the open to ensure that how this sport changes isn't being driven by cash hungry execs trying to make money on the next trend - but is really a reflection of people having good old fashion fun in the woods with friends.... and hopefully still sweating a bit to earn their turns. A big part of the future of our sport is going to be about the optics of what this sport is and what trails it deserves to have access to.
Rather than get better or fitter, just buy an e-bike!  Why even bother cycling?  Couch is waiting.
Brand new E-bike, or 18 yr old Corolla lol
Stay hard
2jz supra vs a tesla. Id always pick 2J
I got an ebike to just to ease getting around it’s technically a mountain bike but I have no desire to run around mountains  jump or even go fast and my father and mother lived past 95 and never did any cardio so I don’t care so much about that I’m 70 and like the exercise but like it to just get around without always jumping in a car and got he mountain bike because it was the cheapest mid-drive bike and there are a lot of dirt roads where I live which are safer to ride on (I live now in Italy where there are a lot of bikes on the road but the road are narrow and folks drive rather fast) but not really extreme.
Mopeds not e-bikes , motorized bicycles = mopeds
It's ok if you still ride Amish bikes. Nobody is judging you.
Buy hybrid bike which you can recharge downhill LOL ;)
I Have 4 kids - i have little free time - so i want to get 100% from my bike - feel all effort
The fact that everyone who owns an ebike feels the need to state their age or some special reason to be "allowed" to own a ebike is crazy to me. I don't own an ebike but I don't literally hate everyone who does. It seems like a lot of people straight up HATE emtbers. Seriously people, get off your high horse and let others enjoy their hobby! Maybe go to ski hills and yell at everyone in line for the chair lift.   Emtbs are not ruining the trails like a lot of people (including me) thought they would. Should there be some general rules or "non ebike" trails? Sure. Are trails getting more use? Sure. But the sport has grown A LOT in the past 4 years and that alone will cause more people to be using the trails.  Is it frustrating when a emtb rides your wheel up a climb? Yes. But maybe educate the person on trail etiquette (in a nice way).   Emtbs are not going away so the sooner we all just stop being dinks to each other, the better off we will all be!
I'm a trail builder and decided a few months ago to get an e-mtb (a 2023 Rail) because I thought it would be easier to lug the gear around. It does this very well. However, on testing a couple of features I discovered something unexpected, these bloody things are a hoot ascending trails that aren't built for ascending. A lot of times to test features in steep gravity sections we have to walk up either pushing or carrying our bikes, but now I ride up them, rocks, roots, small drops, jumps and logs. It's damn fun, I'm now building an ascent trail section with an A-Line (e-mtb focused) and B-Line called Reload which takes riders back up to the top of the trails.
This guys the guy of goldshaw farms twin, even talks the same
0:07 this is cap
I have a regular pedal bike and a bike with a motor. Its called a Motorcycle
Im here since the first interaction of bearm peak, and Im glad to see you still a very nice and inspirational guy, Seth. Greatings from Brazil.
I’m 79 and I have stage Iv prostrate cancer. I’ve been riding mountain bikes since the seventies and I have a lot of miles of trails under my belt but these days I can only ride on the flat. I just purchased a Specialized Levo and I absolutely love it. I’m going to spend the rest of my days with it !
"you have to ride a real mountain bike' and there it is. It's just smug gatekeeping. I don't know why you bothered making the video anymore than the 5s it took to say that.
Es are good but I prefer my regular ❤
The best thing that e-bikes bring is getting butts on saddles or back on saddles. Disabled people or older people can ride longer and older. In the future I would love to see the e-bike rules removed just on the basis of the rules being ableist by definition.
An Ebike costs more than a solid motorcycle. Just get a motorcycle.
I don't own an ebike but I have rented one when I'm out of town. I like the ability to explore more trails in new areas, but I'm not sure I will ever have one in my stable at home.
I bike all the time and I don't have an e-bike because I just feel it's the lazy way to bike.  While I can't do it for long... I am very sure that I can get my mountain bike to a higher top speed than pretty much every e-bike up to 49 mph (on flat ground).  There's no need for me to have one.  Sometimes I go for a ride that's 120 miles long.  Besides.... I have no maintenance and the bike is light.  How will you get strong legs and endurance if you're powering yourself around everywhere.  This new generation is just lazy I think.
I see e-bikes as a temporary bike. How many years is the thing going to last, what about parts? How long before the thing is useless trash?
Risk of fire is a big point against an E-bike. I know it happens really rarely, but it is enough that they are prohibited to be stored in rental living space in Germany.
Bentonville AK home of Walmart.....
I am a downhill racer with no lift access within 2 hours of me (kinda ironic). An ebike is definitely the best possible way to get consistent, fast laps without shuttling, and you can put whatever size suspension on without worrying about pedaling efficiency.
Love e-bikes but the noise is just annoying.
I got myself an electric cargo bike.. and I sold my car because I stopped using it. Now I'm riding daily instead of once a month.
No thanks 😁
Seth, I wish I could purchase individual articles on your substack.  The reason is that I have a lot of different people I would like to read or listen to but cannot afford an account for all of them.  It would be nice if you could purchase individual articles, at a reasonable cost.
We use them to go much further, and up steeper terrain than we would have. If you haven't got 6 grand, but you have a job, then £100 month is not bad at all. Also, places like Halfords or decathlon sell e-bike for a grand now. 😊
Have to charge it, battery can get old or can go on fire, possible water damage. I rather just have a redbull instead …😅
I have regular road bike for my workouts and converted an old carbon road bike to electric and use this to commute to work and do short errands.
Hot take: E-bikes are ruining MTB culture.
With an E-Bike - you are always riding on FLAT ground
Dude I never made the connection that you’re in NC. I’m fairly new to SC so I don’t really know the names of towns and cities and whatnot. Just found out you’re 2 and a half hours away and now I know where I’m going after I buy my new bike 😂
eBikes are the reason I now ride traditional mountain bikes. Some friends put me on a regular MTB and took me on the trails for the first time, and I was out of shape going up hill, constantly getting stopped on rocks and roots since I didn't know how to pick uphill lines, and ended up pushing the bike as much as riding it, and decided I hated mountain biking. After some time I decided to try again with an ebike, and bought one used. Suddenly I could keep up with my friends and could get over rocks and roots that would have otherwise stopped me in my tracks and made me walk the rest of the way up hill. After doing that for awhile, I got in shape, and learned how to ride and pick lines and anticipate gear changes. Now I ride my (manual) full suspension bike all the time on the trails, and love mountain biking. I still take the eBike out once and awhile when I feel like bombing around some trails (especially helpful when I want to ride after a long day at work, and wouldn't ride otherwise because of time/fatigue). eBikes are very good for those learning, because they can give you an advantage both in a fitness level and technical skill level, and can be very forgiving and get you up most things, and teach you how to ride and love the sport!
I think that e-bikes make most sense for MTB'ers who ride in the tracks that this video features, be it a bike park or just non-artificial trails. It allows the riders to do many more descents (3x at least) than with a regular MTB. Of course when going down they don't behave exactly as a similar MTB, but it's perfectly valid as a training.  On the other side, unless you are NOT slightly fit, e-bikes do not make sense at all for commuting or riding in flat terrain. They are even worse than a regular bike because they are way heavier, and you need the motor to get them moving after stopping.
Your Enduro and your Cross-Country bikes are exactly the same except a small difference in tire profile. What's the point? For someone who doesn't have 20k to throw away?
I kind of relate the fitness side of it to my job. I'm a landscaper, so i work 6 months a year doing incredibly strenuous stuff and getting into great shape, but in the off-season i end up putting on a lot of weight and being very lazy. I can only get so unfit, however, before the landscape season kicks in again and i'm whipped into shape. It's easy to work out 10 hours a day when it's your job and you enjoy it, but it's hard to run joylessly on a treadmill in a gym. Analog mountain biking brings a level of enjoyment that offsets the labour of it. You don't notice how hard you're working. For me, that's the key to fitness. If i got an ebike, i'd suddenly be able to get all of the enjoyment of biking with none of the work. I think it would ruin the symbiotic relationship between mountain biking and my cardio fitness.
E bikes can bring more people to the hobby and more people to the trail. Not sure I want that though.
8:41 Don't cheap out on your ebike. That's how you get battery fires. At least make sure to buy from a reputable brand which uses genuine cells from Panasonic, Samsung, or another large cell manufacturer. - But I definitely agree with your attitude. Ebikes enable more people to enjoy bicycling.   In the Netherlands they have two different words for cyclists who do it as a sport which are called wielrenner ("wheel runner") and people who just do it as a means of moving around called "fietser" ("cyclist"). Generally, ebikes makes cycling more accessible to more fietsers. People who just want to commute to work, purchase groceries, maybe do a day trip with their family to a nearby lake, or just explore their city but this will undoubtedly also funnel more people into cycling as a sport and hobby. So I am excited, and I think all of this already has and will continue to give the cycling industry a great boost.
if you have a lift of really good shuttle access, and ebike really becomes unnesserary. BNut the ebike can do things you cant do on a bike. like climbing thousands of meters in a short time.
So well done!  Unbelivable
A bike that is not an electric-bike is an "acoustic bike".
Where I live there are a lot of mountains. 20 Jears ago I drove to work and did the ocasional weekend tour. But it was limited what I did, because climbing a hill was annoiing to say the least and the day was over, and all you remembert was hillclimbing for hours.  Than I converted my treckingbike with an electric hub and it started to make realy fun. Because you are over the hills quickly and not drenched in swet, and I saved nearly one hour per day on commuting to work and back because I was faster. And now I baught a used Focus E-treckingbike with a bosh motor for 1400 € and driving a bike now is more fun than ever before. And my fittness increased, because I drive more often with my e-bike than I would with my normal one.
More people on the trails is good and bad....
So I watch your videos.  And I’m on an eMTB. I wouldn’t be able to ride a regular bike where I ride or as long as I ride.  I’ve watched your videos so I learn what can be done with a mountain bike and adapt it to mine.  I also ride with friends on their e bikes.  None of us would be riding regular bikes, so e bikes are a win for us.  My guess is your day will come when you need one too.  But if I’m any gauge, you have many years left on your bike.  I’m about to retire my regular bike for good.  Or maybe give it to my grandson.
To me the scariest part of your vids, and I admit I cringe watching you, is that you ride without gloves! (lol).
Way less effort on an e-bike,I choose the real thing(bike packer)🗽♥️
As someone who usually rides natural trails, often in the form of big days out in the Alps, I started out being open minded about ebike(rs) en gradually became more annoyed by them. From my perspective it's often very discouraging to be working hard while someone else is having a breeze. Then when it gets tough, their bikes are usually too heavy to walk/carry through sections of bad tech. Which makes it dangerous for them. Another truth you really hit home, is that in 90% of cases, people will be enjoying the motorised help, will not be putting out intensities that maintain/increase fitness and they'll plateau their fitness or gradually get weaker. Then there's the added cost of maintenance and the constant worry about whether or not the battery will last and where/when to recharge the batteries. In anything but the most controlled environments close to a trail head, ebikes often show themselves to be a worry and liability.  Sure they have advantages in the way of getting more people out there. But it is a different sport altogether and experience has made me less and less keen on going on rides with ebikers while on a regular self powered bike myself. Online it's often pretty bad as well. Ebiking has taken on the form of religion for some. You're only allowed to say glowing positive things about it and if you stray from applause you get shouted down as if you're some close minded ebike racist... Thank you for making this video!
On the price, motorcycle still have ebikes beat. I bought my BMW for less than most ebikes.
I also wanted to note that you said you weren't as confident on drops because the bike is a little bit heavier maybe, I also come from riding Adventure bikes, down by you a lot actually, and being used to the feel of a heavy motorcycle off-road does change how I feel on an e-bike.
You make a really good points, I found that one of the benefits of my e-bike is that whenever I go a little bit too far, I've got a pedal the whole thing back so the weight actually becomes resistance. But that's usually on gravel trails and not somewhere halfway up a mountain
I don't do mountain biking, but I'm more of a cruiser road dude. E-Bikes for me defeat the reason to buy a bicycle in the first place. I think would just buy a real E-bike like the 77 thingy whatever it's called. Another strike against them,  it looks like the laws are changing for the worst for E-Bikes. It seems the law makers don't want you to have any fun. :(
Because E-bikes are shit thats why they are far too expensive for such rubbish, they are a fire hazzard have exploded and destroyed peoples homes, they are require way more maintenance, are cheating and are extremely noisy and not worth the hassle. They never needed to be invented.  They should require a license to ride one and they should not be aload on the cycling pathways or paths at all or on mountain bike trails because they are essentially electric motor bikes that you dont need a license for or insurance and mot for even though you mostly definetly should have to be required to get a license to ride one. They have caused more accidents in the Uk than anything and so have E-scooters and way too many fires have destroyed homes because of them. Stick to pedal bikes and get a decent mountain bike hard tail or full suspension and if you take care of it you can shred any bike trail and go off road and ride on paths and roads any time you want and they will last you years, decades even and will most definitely out last these shitty piles of crap E-bikes. They are far too heavy and your always worrying about the battery, your constantly worrying parts breaking and charge. The batteries die too quickly and are band from most mountain bike trails and parks and so they should be becsuse they are essentially motor bikes.   Most good mountain bikers dont need them if they properly know how to ride a mountain bike and have the skills. Also most people hate them on mountain bike trails. When cycling is your only proper form of exercise like you said and you don't wanna go gym and want to get out explore while you build your cardio and exercise and get fit and also enjoy the freedom and exploration and alone time nothing beats riding around in the woods and parks alone in the morning, evening or night time especially with some ear buds in listening to your favourite music and just chilling knowing your getting fit and can ride for ages until your legs and body knacker out and begin to ache. Then doing it again the next day and the next day.  I dont like gyms I used to work as gym instructor for 13 years  and used to hate them and always felt uncomfortable working out with too many people around in the gym and prefer being on my own, mountain biking became a sport I could do alone with no one else around and whenever I ride with others I hate it because I have to slow down my pace for them, I never get to enjoy it always have to wait around for them can't hit the trails I wanna hit, can't enjoy music and can't be in my own little zone it's even worse when all you can hear is the annoying sounds E-bikes make.
E bike is for lazy people and they are not safe you guys don't see on the news they are catching on fire burning down houses that battery gets too hot or you over charge it just know it will explode go and look this shit up and you will see I hate e bikes they should banned them.
I want to try an e-bike, BUT the cost is crazy!!! Maybe when I’m older and my legs give out, $5000k is to much, I buy it used, tune it up and upgrade with sale parts; let the wealthy take the deprivation, I’ll take the adrenaline
Yeah, I agree, I just don't feel I want it
You must be in Brevard NC or something - ? NC does allow ebikes on all trails in state parks, and the NPS allows ebikes on all trails where bikes are allowed, but the national forest service only allows ebikes on trails or roads where motorized vehicle are allowed. Just clarifying for people. It is a BUMMER about the NFS, fortunately my state allows them on state park trails.
I want to see Seth try out a Talaria/Surron and then watch the advocacy he could bring in favor of these cool toys once he's convinced how fun they are. Getting people on trails and out in nature and away from gasoline isn't a bad thing even if the regulations aren't keeping pace. We should be respectful on the trails regardless of our vehicle, but I'm 100% in favor of e-bikes and e-motos. 👍
I had stroke a couple of years ago and one if my vocal chords is shut closed so my endurance went down. Definitely thinking about an E-bike. Also we have some nice downhill and single trails options here which I think I'd be happy with a regular bike, but some of the flatter sections I would be interested in covering more territory using the extra power assist of an E-bike.
Why do trails/parks not allow e-bikes?
If you aren’t old or disabled you don’t need an e-bike.
10:28 you are self tricking your brain right now😂
I use mine on old logging roads. There are tons of those in the Appalachian Mountains.
E-bikes in all forms are the latest craze/fad, like the pet rock, but costing a lot more.  The question is, what happened to the Moped?  Oh, they are selling far less than most E-Bikes with longer ranges.
as a 63 year old, my Cube 140 ebike has literally given me back my youth. It's definitely a game changer for over 60s!
Great video, I have a Scott Scale carbon framed MTB and I love it - I will not go to an E-MTB until I start to fall behind due to age etc, think it might bring on a decline in my physical fitness. And I can’t race in local series on an e-bike😊
My reason, if I get a e-bike I give up on my fitness that I hold for so many years...
after this everyone want pet lizard
We have a lot of USFS trails in my area. The cyclist who originally developed the huge MTB trail network here in the 80’s can’t even ride his namesake trails because he’s on an emtb now. Stupid.
A class 1 EMTB is the difference between me wanting to go mt. biking now. I don’t ride/train enough to enjoy or even accomplish some climbs. I don’t want to train for something I may do 1-3x month in the summer. I’m almost 60. I go to the  gym to workout. I ride a bike for fun and being outside.
Iown both a ebike and normal moutain bike both like the two types of riding but i definitely love my bike more then my trail moutain bike just becaudse my ebike a Giant Reign E+2 Enduro Bike
Excellent review . You hit all the points . Former rep. from I-go  ebikes .I got into ebikes close to when they started out making them .
Funny for years there are signs posted on the local park trails that have always said ... No motorized vehicles on trails .. motors are not gas powered theyre electric.. Right? No local rangers ever have anything to say about it. Kinda wierd aye? at
I cannot justify a bike which costs as much as a car.....
I quit riding 12 years ago as I just hated the uphills. E-bikes made me get back into bikes. Everyone has to decide. I dig em tho
I got an ebike this winter and it kicks my ass, especially on the technical since I can't just do technical as easy using punch moves. Total upper body workout and even the carbs given I push hard  on the pedals even thought I go fasta!
E mountain bikes are great because they still make you workout just not as hard and for more distance
I ONLY ride a super-expensive Specialized eMTB (SL) bike and I still enjoy watching your channel.
"Differently abled" A politically correct "New Speak" in the Seth's videos  I remember when he was not a  woke schiller😅
Since I got my emtb (Canyon Torque On), I'd never go back to a normal mtb. I can go so much further, up much steeper hills/mountains, the stability they offer due to their weight is wild. You can send it over the roughest terrain and they're far more planted. I think they're really easy to get air on too, and I feel way more confident on it than a normal bike, but I guess a downhill rated frame and 180mm of travel will do that. I love it.
At 72 i think i qualify for an eMTB.
I have been riding ebikes since my Radrover in 2019 and haven't looked back.  I am 62 years old and getting on the trails has become increasingly more work for many years.  I now have a mid-motor  bike and I do not tear up the trails and I am able to climb over 3000 feet elevation and explore more than 20 miles distance.  This isn't possible on battery alone.  I put in cardio and sweat and if I used throttle alone, i wouldn't get 1/4 the distance I do.  I come across haters of ebikes  and do not understand why.  Maybe they hate I am old and able to reach the places that only strong young guys can get to.  I never use the throttle and only ride on assist 1.  literally 250-300 watts with a 65 lBS bike on the hard stuff but still some hate me.  Not everyone treats me this way but I have experienced it.  Young guys skidding on the down-hill runs are doing far more damage to trails than I could even do if I was full -throttle on the up-hill side.  I wish the younger riders could see that I only want to keep riding and need just a little boost here and there to keep me going without busting my heart rate monitor. My ebike will not spin the tire even if I use full throttle.  It isn't a dirt motor-cycle.  However, if you see a Surron dirt motorcycle on the bike trails, feel free to give those idiots all your hate.
Been 4 months. Have you gotten an e-bike and thrashed Kanuga nonstop yet?
eBikes are great for people with some kind of disabilities or injuries, but on some trails, especially with drivers in good shape, they tend to have much higher torque. Torque combined with bigger total weight can badly erode some kind of trails...
For me, the idea of less exercise on an ebike doesnt work. For example, on a manual bike i would travel 2 miles before flagging, but on an ebike ill do 6 and still want to crack on. On a manual bike i cant cross muddy marshland without stopping on my ebike it just ploughs through to the other side.   Hesitant to get one initially, now i wouldnt go back.
You mentioned using an e-bike as an equalizer, personally I consider that to be a recipe for trouble. You are putting someone into a position of doing more difficult trails/obstacles than they have the experience to handle.  It is my opinion that this and our society’s legal action propensity for stupidity being reason that many places ban e-bikes.  I am not against e-bikes, but they should not be used to equalize an inexperienced cyclists to a more experienced cyclists. Now I am opposed to “e-bikes” that do not require the person to pedal—in my opinion those are not bikes, but scooters or mopeds.
I just wish e bike riders would respect us old schoolers who still have to work on our climbs. Stop riding up my a$$ on the climbs!!
Yeah maybe when I get older but until then I will continue my mentality of bigger, faster, stronger.
When I got my ebike in 2016 it became clear to me that I would never ride a non ebike again.  I sold my pedal bike and now I have a 1200w mid drive and a 1kw hub motor bike.  The mid drive with the throttle is basically a mini dirt bike.  The hub motor is great for higher speed cruising.
For day to day - adjust the assist so it just takes away the weight of the weight of the bike and the lost energy having full suspension.  Love mine.  It’s like an SUV, plough through any depth of mud, gravel and sand.  As long as you can balance you can make it through.  As an older rider you can use more assist to warm up your joints in the beginning.  If you float around on full boost all day you wont get the same workout.
I purchased a E-mountain bike a few years ago. People said I was lazy. I purchased a gravel bike last year and my first ride was 52 miles with nearly 3,000 foot of climbing and I felt just fine. So E-mountain bikes didn't work out the lazy option for me. For me E-mountain bikes are just so much fun and when I've been on the gravel bike for a couple of weeks then go on the E-mountain bike I get feel that fun of it all again.
Broken many a sweat on my eMTB and my eTrail Bike. It kind of inspires you to push harder because their heavier. I noticed I get more cardio than a muscle workout. Then there's my favorite aspect, if I just wanna lay back and cruise I don't have to worry about killing myself on inclines. Currently building a DIY Fixie style e-Bike for an Urban warrior/commuter.
I have the exact opposite feeling that you do.  If I know I’m going to suffer for a two hour ride, I’ll often come up with something else to do.  But if I go out on my e bike knowing I don’t have to suffer, THEN I get into the ride back off the assist and pound my legs and lungs hard, never holding back because the ride out might be too hard, or long.  I interval with the assist.  Go hard til I worry about heart failure then take a little more assist while I recover meanwhile staying up with my friends. It’s all who are 30 years younger.  E bikes give you options.  Just like the grocery store, you can buy chips and ice cream all you want, but you know the consequences…….
Definitely my next ride. Busted shoulder, cyatic nerve damage, nerve scaring in lower back & a dodgy knee. All bar the knee the Doc reckons is from  biking, knees from ski-ing when much younger.
The only concern I could see, especially in forests, is the potential to crash, damage the battery, and possibly cause a forest fire. Given that they are heavier, I could see an inexperienced rider flying off a berm and smashing the frame.
I'm 64 & bought an ebike (that I pedal). I use to climb mountains and time my "Italian" road bike rides.  it's been dusty for 5+ yrs, but I've put 1400mi on the ebike in 2yr. **I tore my Achilles+ infection+3 surgeries  - Rehab with the ebike has been a godsend no one suggested! A normal bike =retearing it.
As many of us have been saying with electric vs gas cars, it’s not EITHER OR, it’s both. Depends on how or where you want to ride. There’s no deciding where some sort of loyalty is, just ride the bike that fits what you’re doing or how you want to ride. Nuff said.
As a 75yr old, I bought a conventional full suspension e-mtb.  Rode it a few times, didn't care for it.  Was like riding a truck.  Love my normal mtb's.
I don't see myself buying an e-bike in the foreseeable future. I enjoy getting somewhere under my own power; I ride around town on my hardtail and to get to my closest local trails. I don't have to worry about  remembering  trails where e-bikes aren't allowed, of which there are numerous in my area. No battery charge to keep track of.   I have absolutely nothing against e-bikes; they are simply not for me at this time. If somebody needs one due to physical limitations, so be it.  Someone else riding an e-bike has zero effect on my own enjoyment of my acoustic bike, they just might arrive sooner than me 😅
Im curios about ebike for one reason, my gf used to cicle with me and multiple sclerosis striked her. Im looking forward for her getting better, when they find a right treatment, but i know she will physical never be able to ride with me... So im looking at ebike for her to get out and feel that pleasure of riding. Any opinion/advices on this or someone with experience who has been in similar situation?
I used to have an e bike but it ended up being a case of me hauling around a dead battery and motor for half my journey, I don't mind taking a little longer. I now have an old upright bike, only electric on it being the front light powered by dynamo and I couldn't be happier
I’m 58.  Maybe I’ll get an e-bike when I’m old.
Apples/oranges from what I've experienced. The products target the different mission profiles of users. I've borrowed e-bikes from friends and they're awesome. So much fun. And for someone who wants to ride but maybe has joint issues or other,..they're a game-changer.  They're also a great way to go exploring or cruise.  Again, it comes down to what your mission profile is. I ride a none ebike a few times a week on a former military base out west for both enjoyment "and" the workout. Not saying you don't get a workout on an ebike. It's just different. There's a mix between ebikes, none ebikes and road-bikes that I share the trails/roads with. I've noticed the weekends bring out the bulk of e-bikes - often in groups. The rest of the week brings out the road bike people and the hardcore folks who ride rain or shine. A few ebikes but the bulk are not. I'm just shy of 70 and have one knee going south but my old non-ebike is around 27 lbs., easy for me to load/unload and rarely breaks, gives me the workout I need while having fun at the same time. No knee problems riding it if I don't go crazy which I'm too old for that anyway. I have more problems hiking. If stolen, I'd be sad - owned it for decades but I'd probably be extra sick to my stomach if my ebike got pinched.  And out west?,..ebikes are being stolen like crazy. I see homeless folks cruising on specialized  or santa cruz ebikes with their garbage bags tied on. But that's another story. Mission profile; what do you need,..what is your expected outcome and lastly what do you want just because. Cheers. 👍
Try an orbea rise,  levo sl, or pivot shuttle sl. I have an orbea rise and i have it set up to get out what i put in.  I run in eco most of the time and rarely have my heart rate below 150 only weighs 40 pounds too.
Why are Emtb banned in western NC? Do they not want people with handicaps riding trails? I'm a NC native and hate to learn they are not allowing Emtb on trails out there unless they are just downhill parks.
E bikes will be the norm in another decade e bikes will be as light as a normal bike with more power especially with how fast technology is going now a days
I do have an issue with ebikes...it makes you lazy.  At first it seemed like awesome but now I find myself being not as strong as I used to BUT I can still can do that if I turn e-assistance down.   I would find it excruciating to ride a normal bike on the trails i ride now with ebike.  I guess it remains up to the biker to choose if he wants to burn more calories or not just by using a lower assistance.   One thing I noticed thou is that I do ride at least 30-40 km instead of 20 in the same amount of time and i am not as afraid of very steep trails.   After derestricting it...well things get different -- you can get tired at speed at least:)) you are not able to hold it at 35-40 all the time. The cadence will really kill you.   I do love the fact I can cover longer distances.
You’re absolutely right. I don’t have one mystery. I know going for ebike will lose cardio.
Like me I've been biking all my life but I have a bad knee that gives out at times and makes it difficult to climb steep hills ! Without an ebike I'd probably not ride as much , And I love being on trails .
Will  use ebikes when i dont hv muscle strength.  For now no wasting money when i can use my strength to pedal I need the pedalling feeling... haa  given more money will still choose a non motorised ride.❤
Great info, glad you mentioned Pisgah doesn't allow them. I'm currently living in Fort Collins and there are basically NO trails here that allow them. It's a shame honestly as I'd really like to get an e-bike. I'm 58 now and just can't climb like I used to, so when I ride with my son he's constantly having to wait for me, it would be cool to be able to ride together and not hold him back. If it weren't for the limited trail access I'd definitely get one.
I replaced my car with e-bike
Or you could even the playing field by making your friends ride BMX while you ride a mountain bike 😂😂😂. Do BMX still exist?
I spect out a new downhill mountain bike for myself. It came to $16,400. Since I'm not an absolute moron, I took that money and bought a CBR 600 f3, a Surron light bee, a long tail cargo bike, & I still have four grand left over. The entire bike industry needs to be bent over and have its little butt paddled.
Where I live emtbs are so much expensive that it's just better to bike an e-dirt bike at the same price lol.
My 85 Years Old Grandpa is now faster than me (24 years ) and its amazing im more of a roadie to be honest but if im with him its MTB (no parks or stuff just riding up the Alps for hours ) and with his E bike a Ghost SL btw he can show me the Places he knows again and its really a great time for both of us even thou i have to ride anything with 25km/h now. For sure hes no typical 85year old dude and he was also riding with a normal MTB but the E Bike enables him to ride the climes he loves again and he makes sure to be only supported as much as he needs to keep the fitness he has left ...  Riding a E Bike for sure is better than not riding at all
My e-mountain bike is actually cheaper than my regular mountain bike. I think the extra weight makes the bike feel more stable on downhills. My e-mountian bike eats up derailer like crazy my regular mountain bike has the same XT derailer, but I have never had a problem with it. The E-bike gets me riding a lot more, and when I go back to the regular bike, I notice that I am in better shape than I was before riding the E-bike.
NO E BIKE !!!!!!!
I blew my head gasket and biked 4 miles each way to work for 8 months. Like who doesn't need 20 min of cardio twice a day?  But no, I wouldn't have put in that much work every day if I didn't have to.  Ebike would have made me a lot lazier.
They are not for me but   I have a friend who has a serious health issue, and an e-bike would very help him but where he lives In Colorado pretty much bans them. He would much prefer to just ride a standard bike but his heart will not allow this.
Accept the fact that e bikes are a new form of transportation and recreation, and then you might retire your spandex.
I have a specialized enduro and a ktm xcw 300 trail dirt bike. They’re both a ton of fun and sometimes do both on the same trails. I recently used a friends e-mountain bike with full suspension. Yes it’s a 50 pound bike, but not nearly as heavy as my 200 pound ktm. I was still ripping it just as fast as my specialized enduro bike going downhill on the e-bike. The extra 25 pounds wasn’t that noticeable to me. I’m in the market for an electric mountain bike now
The child labor is just icing on the cake
I think people who delay investing in electric mountain bikes are simply delaying having the time of their life and possibly getting in even better shape than they were before. It's like their ego is so big and fluffy that they just can't accept having a bicycle with a battery. I ride an electric mountain bike and people are so friendly out on the trails except for the guys who are riding acoustic mountain bikes. They are often snobby jerks because they think their shit doesn't stink and that they are in better shape than you. Those are the only people I have ever experienced attitude from on the trails. It's kind of sad. And there are numerous articles coming out that show people who ride electric bicycles actually get in better shape than people who ride regular bicycles Because the workout is so hard they release a ton of cortisol the next day.
At 60 I love my Levo SL.  I can take more trails, go further, and take a second run when I otherwise wouldn't.  Most of us ride at a certain effort regardless so the workout is the same for me either way.  On the Specialized (maybe others) the power level is on a thumb switch so I keep mine off most of the time.
others can sugarcoat this abomination, I don't see the point; they're mopeds. don't even get me started on the ones with drop bars that try to resemble road race bikes. fail...
They aren't for me. The affordable ones scare me, and the well made ones- at least ones which look well made cost as much as a used car. Size and weight are also an issue. I live in. Prague, where streets are narrow, it's illegal to ride on sidewalks and through squares and conditions are tricky. Smooth cobblestones and tram tracks. For these reasons I tool around town on a 20" BMX bike. For the suburbs and out of  town I have a 27.5" cruiser.  I do think e-bikes can be great for older people, or disabled people, or those out of shape looking to get some exercise. From so many videos I see these days, most people just use them as mopeds, however...
ebike definitely needed riding moab...some areas like doing trials riding ...lol
I joined a good friend who brought along his friend who rides an ebike.   He invited me to try it.  I was stunned at how easy it made uphill travel in the lowest assist setting.  It came out in conversation that this guy has asthma and in order to keep up with his riding buddies, he got an ebike.   Makes sense to me.     I'm 63.  These guys are both in their 40's.    I don't see me getting an ebike anytime soon.   I could see me going too fast and getting into trouble if I did.   We all have different reasons to ride.   What is important is getting out and doing it.   If that takes an ebike for you.......go for it.        Thanks for your view on these modern marvels......   Be well.
If I was my 40 year old self I’d be riding my Sworks stump jumper. But I’m 65 and had 2 back surgeries. So now I ride a e-bike pedal assist, to mountain bike with my son.  I still ride an analog road bike.  But if you’re young you should be putting in the work.
E-bikes need regulation: Watt limits and speed limits. Everyone thinks limits and regulation will ruin the fun, but it actually goes the opposite way. Limits will help ease concerns about e-bikes and help acceptance -- by accepting limits on your e-bikes capbilities, you'll be removing limits on where you can use it. E-bikes shouldn't be letting people go 3x faster. Let's be real here, if you want to go faster than 10mph up a trail, you should do it under your own power. I think E-bikes can have their place on the mountain (esp. for disability or age riders), so long as they stay mellow. Dirt-bikes aren't allowed on most trails for good reason (they are heavy, dangerous, ruin trail conditions, etc.). If e-bikes are more human powered than machine powered, I think we'll get along just fine.
One of the best purchases I have ever made was a TREK ebike. I'm older, run ultras, love to cycle, and love my ebike, but I don't ride it exclusively. It allows me to commute to coffee shops that I work out of. It is so much fun and I can go eco sport or turbo depending on how much work I want to put in. It also allows me to go on long gravel rides with my younger and much faster sons, and we are all happy.
I totally understand Seth’s view on it. Despite the slight condescending tone regarding not being a “real” bike.  This is the deal, if you are in decent shape and already ride like 3 times a week stick with what you are doing. You already are more in shape than most of us.  In the other hand, if you are looking to get into MTB, a bit on the older side. “Anything over 30 qualifies 😜” and or did it a few years ago then it’s a no brainer! Go EMTB 💯   Doing so will ACCELERATE, yes accelerate your fitness goals bc you will be riding for longer and more often, GUARANTEED! It just motivates you by giving you that extra confidence that you are not gonna drop dead from exhaustion.   I went from riding ones every other weekend to 5 TIMES A WEEK! That’s right! Feeling like a stupid teenager again at age 48! 💪🏼 LETS GO!!!!
I have both and ride both equally because I don’t care what the kooks of the mountain think about it 😂
at age of 50,,, not fit in shape but still resisting to get an e-bike. I am ditching 36lb trail and just ordered Epic Evo for climb.
Good seeing you and Evan making appearances in eachothers videos. 🤟😎
Are there any E-bikes with a throttle? Or are they all pedal assist?
Don't agree. I enjoy ebiking, especially MTB riding. To each his own..
Hello! I'm a beginner in the field of bicycles, can you please tell me what model of helmet you have?
as an E Bike guy..my 80 mph Surron (tricked out to the max) is outrageously fun and also just as dangerous…the entitlement from the MB community is outrageous to say the least…when your physically assaulted by 3 mountain bike guys you will form a bias, trust me….they literally took over a 2 stroke track here in the DC area…now the almighty purists have decided to assault Surron folks…i now ride armed because of this..when you put your hands on people you lose your case entirely and respect is no longer there
I enjoy climbs. It's great cardio and muscle building I like a lively, manoeuvrable descender: Less weight means better handling, and that means more fun. Nothing against e-bikes. It's great they have made cycling more accessible, but they don't do either of the things I enjoy most about riding.
u dont have to have anything
This is just personal preference, but to me the excess of modern comfort is part of the escape that a basic MTB provides, an ebike would defeat that purpose.
eMTB would be great for me actually using the bike to get to the closest MTB trail which is 8 miles away.
All ebikes suuuuuuuck!
Is the fire, forest fire, threat real, or worth testing?
Get an Ebike!
I know why, because they catch on fire.
I resisted for a long time....I hated the extra weight on downhills and then bought a cheap ebike before christmas, 3 years later after initial test... I am enjoying it.
You are not old enough, some day you want help and you get help.
I like the acoustic/electric binary to describe whether or not it's assisted.
I bet you would like a EUC. It's something totally different so it don't feet the same
Yeah, I've always wanted one, but I'm poor and ride my $150 trek. I got it on cregslist 😅🥲
If your bike needs batteries to operate... you own an e-bike.
Ebikes have ruined the scene
Exercise is possible. Silliness.  I lost 100# on my Turbo Levo. Be brave! Really useful as I am in my mid 60’s.
“if i end up with an e-bike, i might end up with an e-bike” 😂 this is how I too make decisions
Because I’m not 60+
You can just stick it in Eco and push hard and you'll burn just as much energy but still go abit faster and and further, I often burn 2000 cals on my 27 mile loop which is about 400 less than my normal mtb.
meh i value my cardio too much. but to each his own!
Ebikes are all about the difficult conditions. "real" mountain bikes are way superior when it comes to level or down hill riding (less weight equals more fun) but technical up hill is so rewarding when you have 80NM of electrical assistance if and when required. My ebike reminds me of my old 300 2 stroke, it just goes anywhere I want it to and all I have to do is help it.
E-bikes are cool, and if you use it to commute to work I think it’s fantastic. But when it comes to that special day, you know the day, when you’re gonna go rip up the single track trails, yeah that day when you’re gonna climb to the top of the mountain and enjoy your descent, yeah, that day, on that day, you gotta earn all that fun, earn that steak dinner after your ride and an E-bike is just cheating you! Cheating the love of mountain biking, pure mountain biking. In my opinion, E-bikes will never replace the true meaning of mountain biking.
Your cardio will not suffer from riding an ebike. In fact, it will probably improve because you can target zone 2 and 3 better.
Nothing wrong with riding an ebike but for me I have no health issues and noticed here in California a lot of places that do not allow it on the most funnest trails I've ridden. Most ebiker's I talk to ride the same trails because they're scared of rangers. I hardly ever see rangers but I've heard of them watching speed in some locations. I don't like the headache or worry of not being able to come back to that location so I'm happy to have made the right choice for myself ebike free. Ride safe everyone and have fun while we're young. GOD bless!
Any bike that is functioning as it should be is a good bike in my book.
Why banning e-bike on certain trail or park ? Whats the reason behind this ban... I don't understand ...
What I love about your reviews is that your feedback is clearly very unbiased but also humble. Very insightful channel. I learn so much from your videos.
no downhill.. Im very dissapointed of you, you need one!
i just bought 2 for 500 each. im sure they are not equipped to jump down hills, but they sure can do alot for 500. i was going to buy that 400 mountain bike all the youtube dudes was building up and then realized for 100 more bucks i could own an electric mountain bike with a 30mile throttle or a 50 mile pedal assist range  and ill tell you what those hills are a nightmares for a 40 year old man getting back into the sport when you don't have power i was rideing 2 times a week with out the power mode casue my legs would be in so much pain. and now i ride 4-5 times a week becuse its alot of fun and takes about 2 times the work to get the same burn and hills are no longer a deal breaker.
Great vid. Thoughtful, objective and enjoyable. For me getting one would be a concession. Been out of mountain biking for 10 years and getting back in. Plus I’m older than dirt. 61 but in good shape. To me it would be like giving up. Not ready to do that. I like that it enables people who otherwise would not be able to participate but in the words of Rodney Dangerfield quoting Dylan Thomas in “Back to School” “ Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.  They’re gonna take me kicking and screaming.
Yeah sorry, the e-bikes where other people are enjoying the outdoors is annoying and so are a majority of the boomers that ride them.
Spot On!  For 6 yrs my buds and I have spent 4 days each fall in Bentonville. We soon learned we could ride more trail on Bikes. Why spend all the time and effort to make the trip and not enjoy it to the fullest cause you’re spent by 3pm?!  3 of our group of 4 are in our 60’s now. As of now, the first two days are on our regular bikes, last two days we’re Ebiked.  (We love Phat Tire but rent from Gearhead cause they open an hour earlier!).  I predict that soon we’ll be on Ebikes all four days.  A month in Bentonville would be heaven!
sick video. good way to open up your perspective a lil
Don't get one, you wont want to ever ride the others again but would force yourself to. Then have to keep saying to yourself this is still fun :)
Nice moped
Simply put: if the 'crutch' is avaiable, riders will overuse it.  Im not averse to diabled riders with ebike
I ain't gonne lie, my e-mtb makes me giggle like a little child every time I ride around on it. But where I live at they are capped at 25km/h so they are allowed on every trail around here and do not damage the trails. And I know because I do volunteer maintenance on the trails in my locality.
I’m in the aging and differently-abled category. I’m almost-but not quite-ready for an e-bike. Honestly, suffering is part of the adventure for me; unfortunately the suffering seems to be happening earlier and earlier each year. “There’s nothing like a hill on the way home to keep you honest.”  —exactly!   *Importantly,* with the advancements in motor/battery tech, how long until the e-bike I buy today becomes obsolete?  I have rideable bikes >30 years old. How many years will replacement batteries & motors be available?  Will new motor & battery tech be reverse compatible?  Will my $8k eMTB be going into a recycle bin like an old cell phone in 5 years?
If there were no mtb's except 40 pd enduros or whatever, but there were e-bikes, which one would you own and ride. If you choose the 40 pd mtb then kudos, you are not a fake, you truly ride for the fitness aspect. But I'm so tired of hearing the bullshit I ride for the fitness so just spent $8K on the lightest mtb money can buy to make it easier for me to ride. What a crock. You want fitness, turn the motor off on an ebike and see how badass you are on a 20 mile ride and 2000 ft of climb.   Granted e-bikes are heavier, a lot heavier. But that feeling goes away once you are moving. And if you have the mental discipline you can get the absolute most physical workout possible on a mtb followed up by the most fun you have ever had on a mtb, all on the same 20-40 mile ride. There simply are no valid arguments against e-bikes except ones raised by bigots and the obtuse.
I think E bikes are not really needed for the average fit rider. But i can definitely see why someone might have them. Especially people with lower body pain or some heart condition or just old people, in that case it really helps. Although E bikes are also really nice for commuting, way cheaper than a car and even a motorcycle, don't even have to get a license for it( well i guess that depends) and you can have a lot of fun on it, for people who want to cover ground without being too exhausted I definitely see the appeal, but personally I like that exhaustion after a nice bike ride, makes me really comfy afterward, just sit on my chair and chill .
Two reasons I'm building an Ebike...One: My buddy has reached a point where he needs one to go distances on the road, and even though I've given up road biking, I would still like to ride with him. Two: I'm bored and have limitless cash. LOL
Cause you're not lazy! 💪I don't understand people that are under 50 years old with an EMTB! 😅
I use a Giant Trance E+ 2 as a daily commuter with ultra wide saddle for comfort. I'm saving a lot of dough on driving a V8 car or riding a I4 motorcycle on my daily commute. I can definitely say it's paying for itself. Also I'm burning up to 800 kcal a day.
After having an ebike I missed a real bike feel. So I'm going back to a normal bike.   If I do get another ebike I'll just slap a mid drive on my normal MTB.
They are not mtb anymore. They are mopeds or motorcycles. I think people should just call them what they are. E-bikes are just to make lazy people feel like they are doing something. Plus mtb is basically an elitist sport now anyway. So more yuppies on fancy shit zooming by will just be part of everyday riding soon. You said it yourself, none of your bikes cost under $9000. Well $9000 is crazy. There needs to be a grassroots movement of people who actually want to grow mtb not cash in on it. I’m so stoked a bunch of brands and shops are going out of business. Reaping what they sowed
What a great vid Seth, we’ll presented and put together. This is a really strong summary of this new technology, I feel like I’ve learnt a lot here
A friend of mine let me ride his top of the line Specialized ebike up a rocky hill.  It was incredible!  It felt like a super light enduro motorcycle.   Very fun.
Great points  I used to commute ride tens of miles per day. I loved it and I loved being outside before work  I needed to work in a rural place, long story, so I converted my job into a remote one and even with great MTB trails I just didn’t get in those long commuting miles  10 years ago, almost, I was diagnosed for an unrelated issues with AN (autonomic neuropathy), which just made me dizzy from time to time. I still canyoneered, rock climbed, built and rode my Scott Scale 720 HT. Then this summer hit  On a work trip, travel/stress, I began to experience “electric shocks”, at least how I describe them, like a jolt running through me while laughing at a joke or crying at a touching story, i.e. an involuntary reaction (Autonomic Nervous System related for background)  That is right about when my digestion stopped… Neuropathic Gastroparesis. Couldn’t get in more than 1500 calories a day at 6’4”. My weight dropped like a stone. …or maybe those ebikes off a jump?  Fast forward. I found out I have AN, probably from a genetic condition that damaged my ANS over time, but also an autoimmune thing that sets that over the razors edge. Very challenging to diagnose. I’m still recovering, on a totally restricted exclusion diet.   Biking? I simply can’t spare the calories for climbing. I have the opposite problem as everyone in my late Xer age. I simply CANNOT spare calories. If I do too much cardio, I can tip back into body consumption mode (can someone tell me how to get off KETO 😂?)  I had bikes I fixed up from a junk pile to give some new life ($125 for 4 bikes), donating one to a shelter after restoring, sadly junking another due to safety with the frame, and restoring a Trek 4300 Alpha and Specialized Hardrock. Those 2 restored bikes and a few other items of value, along with some $$$ gave me some value to trade for a Kona El Kahuna SUV  I’m riding to the gym, getting in my recovery workout, and riding home. I ride with my girls like I’m my old, fit self and am out there…  Plus I figured out how to drop the motor, route a dropper, pop the motor back up, route cables through a lighter cargo rack, etc, etc all while keeping that 150 mile SUV battery. Can’t not tinker. Haha  I was truly depressed thinking I couldn’t do something so basic as “use calories” and this thing, plus diet, and just getting outta despair got my body into recovery mode  The “ableism” aspect to an ebike is real, even for me, a former commuter rider
Sold my analog bike in 2019 and switched to e-bike and never looked back, E-bikes are awesome for exploration and exercise. Now I have 4 e-bikes and love em.
E bikes explode when you charge them I don't want one
What's the difference between e-bike and motor bike except the pedaling?
if you are healty you are better off on a analog bike but , i am partionally paralized i am able to walk but, do not have much strength in my legs  so , my emtb allows me to ride mtb trails, i try to ride as much as possible on eco , but, if the hill is to steep it is nice to know that i can hit a button and still make it up the hill
I don't want a bike i have to plug in.
I am biking since late 80's, bmx and later mountainbiking. I own a car but dont have a driving license.. calm down as european its NOT mandatory. I had all  major brands,BMC, Cannondale, Centurion, Scott, Santa Cruz, Rocky Mountain, Yeti,metc. etc, all bikestyles exept trialbikes.  Now in my 50s, working in 3shifts its a time issue and I need much more time to recharge my batteries, not to mention the little pains here and there..all in my family own an E-bike now, I got 2... my wife loves my Santa Cruz but my Yeti ASR will be sold  soon. Its just different story to easy take a long travel enduro E-MTB and drive uphill. You still need to pedal but its way more enjoyable to still have energy if you reach the start of your trail instead of being destroey and needing to rest before the downhill.
Very likeable approach to the topic. That´s was first came to my mind, when MTB youtube influencers start to use e-Bikes....I quit following their channels, because I was so dissappointed, that those FIT riders feel the need to somehow cheat on me. Meanwhile I got used to it, but like YOU said, it is somehow another experience. Like the switch from 26 to 29er. First all were upset, now everybody uses them. Maybe this will happen to E-Bikes too, but speaking for me, I at least will choose a light E-Mountainbike, not to spoil the nimble fun of a bio-bike...
You dont understand the basic concepts 9f electricity?
Because you havent traveled beyond your privilidged world?
IMO EBikes are trash…………
I used to be an avid mountain biker in the late 90,s and 2000’s , I recently 2023 got an emtb that got me back in the game and now I feel like a kid at Christmas when I ride the trails
I started with an e-Bike and fell in love. I weighed 94KG. Now I'm at 81KG and decided last year to buy a normal MTB and fell in love again. Its just different
For me, eMTBs are all about range. I rode one for the first time in Cappadocia in 2022. Dirt roads there are actually loose sand, like at the beach, VERY heavy to pedal on. I managed to pedal up to 4 different long downhills before me and the bike were dead. I would do max 1 in a regular bike, with A LOT of effort.
I have a lot of friends that went to ebike.. 1 thing i notice is that they lost their cardio and endurance when the going gets rough.. they cant keep up with me blasting going down..
I think most Dads get them (like me) due to ever-diminishing free time. I can go so much further and have more fun in my “hour off” per week and not be knackered when I get home. Best thing I’ve ever bought.
I'll give my personal journey well a wee bit about why i just bought an ebike, I was a mtbr done DH mostly back in 99/04 had a bad accident dislocated shoulder tore all my muscles really couldn't lift a feather haha and smashed my collar bone in 3 places then life took over and was driving then so started to gain abit of weight but not loads but since having covid and now diagnosed with long covid and respotory issues and bad hearts run on my dads side of the family I've already lost him when i was 18 im now 38 and put on to much weight! Im 20 stone ive never been this big i hate it and wanted to get back on my bike after watching alot of these video's,  but was always abit concerned with my heart pushing it to hard so decided to get an emtb! I just went for the 2024 Cuber 160 action team full bosch smart system 750w battery 170mm fox 38 160mm float x carbon frame and bars ana bit wary of but the bike is spot on perfect! Getting some workouts and sweating like mad! Its maybe not the same for lighter people speeding away on it to me its like a normal bike only Keeping my HR in the 163 170 range so its a necessity for people wanting to loose weight! Ive lost 1 KG already in 14 days so if i can keep going like this im more than happy with an ebike! Its completely different from my DH ATX ONE back in the day thats for sure!😂
why? because it's too expensive
Horses for courses... E bikes are good but I have a standard no motor mountain bike and for long distances I have a 2 stoke motorized bicycle.. The electric bikes just ain't my thing.. They are stupid expensive replacement batteries are stupid expensive i don't have to worry about storage it being to cold and damaging the battery I don't have to wait for charge.. Love a good ole pop and go
Lol, I bought an eBike to have as a tool to ride consecutive days or join rides that I might skip because when I hadn't recovered from my last ride.  But, I found that I never used it because I felt guilty I wasn't getting the punishment from my standard bikes.  I ended up loaning my bike to friends and visitors more than I actually rode it so I sold it...
Street legal ebikes pretty much suck, but a bafang kit on a sweet 5 or 10 year old acoustic bike is awesome and will out perform most of the out of the box ebikes.  DIY is the way to get the most out of ebikes.
I'm turning 60 next month and have ridden MTBs and Road bikes for decades. Got a new hip 5 years ago and had stopped riding. Then...I electrified my 29er. It's so awesome.  I've put on thousands of kms since. My ebikes brought the joy of riding back. None of the suffering, all of the fun! It's awesome.
After having electric power in a MTB, I can never go back. After 55yrs of riding bikes, I can  continue to enjoy riding for years to come.. But now we enjoy UPHILLS !!!
I used to be skeptical of e bikes but now they have come such a long way I'd totally support anyone who wants one. I love riding my bike but I'm definitely not as fast up the climbs as my boyfriend who I mostly ride with. I find this really makes me discouraged and not want to ride with him sometimes. I really think an e bike could be amazing and would make biking more fun for the both of us.  At least until i get into better shape 😅.
Its for those who needs assistance,  I don't have one because, I don't find any reason yet for owning one.  If ever I do need to do Uber eats gig, then yes, or be injured and be weak, then yes, but for now, no e-bikes yet.  Thankfully I don't need pedal assistance,,,, yet.
er turn the power down to ride or off then its harder than a normal bike
Because everything with wheels thats has en E in front of it sucks.
I turned 78 and love my e bike
You probably get good exercise when the battery runs out. I only own a Mondraker Foxy MTB and a KTM 450 enduro motorcycle that's good for me.
All the others are blending ebikes or strictly ebikes and they are not in touch with us who do not care about heavy electrified machines. I have and continue to unsubscribe from them as the ebikes get rationalized by the content creator. You are one of the last. Everyone rides them here in CA and they are not even legal on any park trail.
oh man, the bulls evo am 1 coming in april 24 will be the future top bike. and if they can slim that system to <22kg im sold for that pricetag of 7k yes ebikes are the future, abut only the good ones: belt drive gearbox autoshift lightweight ebike
I just can't ever imagine being able to afford one. But good luck to those who can . If you're riding bikes it is good!
Funniest intro ever 🤣
At around 550lb rolling on my Bullitt X cargo bike electric is much safer and i set it up to charge in 10 minutes from tesla car charging stations so dead battery issues are eliminated
i always find it so weird when i watch a video about someone in bentonville, especially when you were on the top of bush push. I live less than a tenth of a mile up the path from bush push
I loved this video, mostly because you were really honest, starting out a bit snarky and a bit cold towards Emtbs and then moving towards appreciation as you began to reason the whole situation out and experience being an electrically enhanced pedaler. Thanks for having fun, making me smile and creating something that I can share with my mountain bike crew.
Before watching I’ll make my assessment on why!  Because e-bikes are fn lame
me who has no fitness nor money, so is forced to walk on the up hill parts of the trail🤣
For those of us who started mountain biking in the olden days when pros basically used the same technology for xc and downhill and also uphill races (uphill climb used to be an event). I'm talking John Tomac and Ned Overend days. As an amateur rider and racer, cleaning a technical long uphill trail was more rewarding than ripping a fast downhill section. You needed the skill and the legs. Not that I had exceptional amounts of either but that was what I strived for. You had to pedal up to go down. Fitness, endurance, skill, etc. If you petered out you walked. I rode a single speed  rigid Karate Monkey and lived to ride past people on full suspension race bikes during races. Fast forward to downhill bike parks with lift sevice that are specifically designed to cater to enduro and freeride bikes. Without a dropper post you can't  ride  the bikes correctly. Stretched out, super steep seat angles for when you do climb but awkward on flatter pedaly technical trails. Great bikes going down, can be pedaled uphill when necessary and fun to ride. But these are expensive and have a lot of parts requiring attention and maintenance. Bikes that cost 3 grand fall into the budget category. Onto the ebike which seems at least marginally related to the enduro bike. More speed, more comfort, the ability to blast through technical trails and so on. The appeal of an ebike for someone with an injury, disability, health condition etc. is understandable but for me using the the assistance of a motor so I don't get as tired, suffer less or don't have to stop on a climb to suck wind doesn't get me jazzed. The challenge to withstand physical  discomfort, push the cardiovascular limits and hurt a bit is part of the appeal. If Diana Nyad made the swim from Cuba to Florida  with floaties and a little motor on her back I think something would be lost. Brett Wolfe is a cyclist that raced 24 hr events and he has one leg. He pedaled with one leg using one crank arm. I realize not everyone wants to endure that level of struggling or that this type of perserverance makes someone more worthy or better than someone else. That being said, if someone enjoys emtb riding, follows the rules for the riding area and has fun who am I to judge. Go for it.
It's because of your age you are almost the age you are actually old and you think you can delay that inevitable situation by telling yourself you don't need it yet. 😂  Young people don't care they just want to have fun and buy an ebike cause they can't be arsed getting old any time soon.  It's just the "I'm almost really old and I want to deny it as long as possible" people that don't want them.
Love this! I haven’t given up on life yet either!
E bikes are the future is the fact. Eventually normal bikes will be rare.
Guess I’m moving to NC lol
I bought a dual suspension e-bike after Xmas. I used to bag them, I wanted them banned from certain trails but after briefly riding a friend's bike it changed my opinion.   It's probably the best thing I've ever bought in my 25 years of mountain biking. Every ride is awesome now fun now.
The trails around here are nuts and require an e bike. Yet I stick rock a standard. Maybe because people want 3 plus grand for these things. our human bodies can out perform these things if we actually took care and maintained our bodies we would be machines. But we are getting weaker and weaker as a whole, congratulations
You get a 6-7k free ride bike and you are set for decades. You get an e-bike and you got built in expiration date. What am I suppose to do in 7 year when the motor and battery will need replacing? buy another 6-7k e-bike, carry dead weight with me or cut my losses and go back to a regular bike. Those are literally tho only options, so why not cut all the BS and get a new regular bike and be done with it?
I love your honesty, and thanks for the great video.
Ebikes create lazy habits. Once I'm 50, I will allow myself to get one, but for the next 22 years, I need all the pain and suffering humans call fitness. I won't deny the fact Ebs are cool.
After you get on a powerful ebike, it's hard not to want one.
lol if I end up with an e bike…. I might end up with an e-bike 🤣 love your honesty
I have a pet lizard, a Dh bike and a emtb...  get with the times bro 🙃
I think this whole video represents the same rationalization I went through before I bought my Trek EXE (what you're riding).  I live in  Port Moody, BC and every trail here is steep.  Unfortunately, I can't ride them the same way I did when I was 20 but on my EXE, I can go for a 1hr tear up a mountain, run away from a bear and bomb downhill back home and still burn 1,000 cal.  I still love my hardtail and my road bike but my emtb has opened up so much trail near me that I'd otherwise have to be a superman to ride, it's made me totally change my attitude towards emtb's.  It was an emtb that got my wife on trails, having never owned a bike.  Now we ride together and it's amazing.  Eventually I just realized that riding a bike.....any bike.....is just fun, pure joy.  No matter what it is,  Just enjoy riding your bike because bikes are awesome.
Engaging with bike, manhattan delivery on bicycle in metro manhattan is same as smoking 2 packs of cigarettes a day
There's a channel that does really good Electric mountain bike content it's called EMBN I think.  And you do just mountain bikes I think we're covered there.
Just because you have an iphone with a great camera doesn't mean that you can't take a sketch book in a pencil into the forest and make drawings. The same thing applies to electric mountain bikes. And there will always be gains and compromises.
Yep, I bought an e bike, great fun, but I got lazy. Didn't need to train to ride, got fat. I'll keep it as an Equalizer with friends / family. But apart from that, back on the analogue.
I’m 25 and lift weights for exercise. My ebike is great to get me out in nature, even when my body is aching
i dont need a e bike I am the Machine.
I always say don't knock it till you try it lol
Thanks to ebikes I was able to join ride with my friends. Was good to me.
I have a E MTB Hardtail. I got damn fat over the past 6 years and its atleast a good start to do something for mah body. Was on the Brocken last weekend here in germany with my MTB while snow.  I really couldnt do that with a normal MTB so ill try to lose some pounds and get fitter so i can ride my non eletrical firend  Problem with E Bikes is it is really shitty to drive without the motor.  Ill gonna buy me some Fully MTB for some light trails in my near mountainside neighrbouhood
I'm almost 80..didn't start mountain biking till I was 63... and I'm convinced I'm still alive and healthy, thanks to mountain biking.  But at some point I realized the younger riders keep getting better and faster, and I just can't keep up.  I hate seeing them waiting for me at the top of the hill.  So I figured why not just spend the money, instead of leaving it to my younger relatives... just go buy one.  It has totally changed mountain biking from way too much work, to how much work do you want to put in to feel healthy.  I can still get just as much exercise as I want.  I try to ride without assist as much as possible... but when I get to those hills I used to wonder... will I have a heart attack before I get to the top... I just kick it into ECO and make the hill as hard as I can challenge myself with... but still make it to the top.
Got an e-bike, I live in a very hilly city, have been exploring parts of the city I didn't even know existed. I would never do it without assistance pedalling, I'm just too out of shape... but this helps me avoid going overweight.
start upgrading your Walmart bikes with a bafang. that's fun
I work my ass off on my e-bike. I custom built my Fat Bike with a CYC photon and a 20 amp hour frame bag battery and it is an absolute blast and it has proven to take a beating. I've been riding everything two wheels religiously like a mad man for over 35 years and I decided to give a electric bikes a try because I'm at the age where I suffer daily from all my past injuries mainly my knees, ankle, wrist and lower back disc problems. All in all I still put in just as much work as I ever have mountain biking because I still shred my 50lb  Fat Bike like it's an Enduro bike but the main difference is I can cover over 60 miles of terrain now while doing it. The main benefit though for me is that assist on the extensive climbs which literally changed my life because now I can ride almost every day again when before I would have to heal and then have to convince myself that riding is still worth the suffering so I can get out and do it all over again. Not to toot my own horn but I Pioneerd urban free riding and started the trend of massive stair gaps way back before gopros and bmx/skate parks even existed so in my heart I will always be as pure as snow. Besides, absolutely nothing is more ridiculous and than buying a $7000 plus store-bought non-gravity non-motorized mountain bike just to ride trails. When I started to see E bike guys I'm like all right OK at least he's out here getting it in but then I see that guy on the 10k yeti or Santa Cruz I tell them make sure to keep it upright. I don't want to see you trying to recover 9K out or your scratched up rig because you dumped over in a .05 mile an hour technical section on craigslist. Haha.
mtb - biker e-mtb - wannabe biker that's all...
They seem to be getting more people riding. That's good.
Not an MTB guy myself, atleast i dont have these kind of trails in my area. But i do in Gravel and RR cycling, eventhough I`m still a beginner and i was never a cardio guy. I really do prefer the workout that you can get from just using  bio bike - same as you, when you do not have that much time you need to make every bit of activitiy count! Strongest reason for ebike is the insane  miles -reach you can get without being in great shape. Also some sports like mountain biking are just not that doable if you struggle to climb a mountain on a road to begin with
a bike with a motor is a motorbike. good for pseudo sporters.these guys should buy a scooter
I wish yould gettoo the point.
I might be late, but its great to see both my favourite mtb youtubers shredding the trails together!
Turn down the assist levels?
you said you don’t have a tricycle but don’t hate them. Thank’s for that as I do own and love my trike. The trike world and increasingly all bikes are quickly becoming motorized. My gripe of e-bikes is they don’t always play well with others. I’m threatened virtually every time I ride local trails by the fat tire, e-assist crowd. The fact that many if not most of the ppl out there on e-bikes haven’t been on a bike since childhood and have no concept of trail etiquette or courtesy. Seeing a 100 + Lb bike ridden by a 250 plus Lb novice rider heading straight for me at over 20 mph is a common occurrence.
Far be it from me to ever somewhat disagree with Seth, but I believe Pisgah has either relaxed their rules, ignore them or they have been updated.  Visited western NC for wife's aunt's 100th birthday last May and rode Black Mountain trails.  The bike shops said emtbs were OK and I even ran into a Park Ranger who said nothing.  I believe the BLM (Bureau of Land Management) or the agency that oversees the national forests have basically said there is no difference between a regular mtb and a Class 1 emtb, so ride on ....  They do restrict Class 2 & 3 emtbs and some state parks, like Dupont, restrict emtbs for the time being.  I have ridden for years and want to ride the same trails I rode when I started but I will turn 67 in a couple months and I simply do not have what it takes to get to the top of a mountain and ride Thunder Rock Express in the Tanasi system in N GA & TN.  I have a Fuel EXe 9.8 with an extender battery and it really makes riding at my age possible.
For the able bodied I don't see the point. I don't hate them, and they can be a bridge for the fitness gap and I may need one someday. But honestly I see myself going slower when I'm out of shape and that is just safer. Real fatigue makes one a poor bike handler all things being equal, and I don't need assistance in going faster when I'm not cut out to handle the technical stuff anyway. Plus they cost more. Still a nope for me.
I keep reminding people about all the future unrecycleable lithium  ion batteries filling up land fills.
I ride my E- mtb  17 miles daily weather permitting. I started riding e bikes when I was 68. I am now 79. The older I get the lesser I am; but my e bike has kept me on the trail. It has been a game changer for me.
I'm 76 and I don't have an e-Cycle aka e-Bike, maybe,  just maybe when I get old I will get one. As seen in my Youtube videos Moxnix Stuff I do different types of rides for exercise and fun ...
I seem to get more of a dirt bike type workout on the e-mtb... A bit more upper body than on the normal mtb.   The only thing about buying the e-mtb is that a better one will come out next month!
I will consider one when my age gets in the way of my fitness level and keeps me off the trails. Hopefully not till my 60's.
But my Strava times!🤣
I honestly just don’t want an e-bike, I don’t want to worry about how much charge I have and don’t want a heavier bike to deal with.  I just want to ride a bike because I enjoy it 🤷🏻‍♂️.  Looking at recent videos I would probably convert an ordinary bike to an e-bike, forget about a complex BB and just deal with a hub, I don’t like the idea of buying a hugely expensive e-bike to have it become obsolete a few years later as the industry has moved on.  I’ve just picked up a Cannondale Trail 7 29er ‘New’ 2nd hand for £200 from a guy who tried it once and put it in the shed, I’m over the moon! 😃
This is exactly why I’m not on board. “It makes you feel like you’re more fit than you actually are”. I prefer knowing I’m fit.  I’m 42 and I can tell you that if you stick to a 100% anti-inflammatory diet, your joints and physical health will push you to great lengths for longer. Store bought energy bars, gels and other forms of simple sugars are great for short term energy but I can assure you it will catch up very quickly. Take care of your gut👍
I like that the work of going up is balanced by the enjoyment of going down on the mechanical.
As someone who has got into going to the mountains with my Scott spark 970 I would love an electric enduro bike I could explore a lot more in a day as well as do a lot more Trails.
Buy a motorcycle if you don't want a bicycle.
I'm disabled. In fact, it was when my breathing became difficult while riding a bike that was the first indication of a problem (sarcoidosis). My e-bike has been a life changer. I can get back on a bike and ride.
I like all bikes Ebike or not
You will learn to like those e-bikes when your knees are done.
I always wonder why you ride without gloves. 😅
My friends and I just rent one every now and then to shred the trail in half the time and have some crazy fun. Unlocked at 45kmh it’s just great reaching speeds we’d never get in our flat flat country. Too expensive for my taste to buy and maintain one. But good fun for those times renting one and you get to try different ones.
Day one of saying Seth could have voice acted for Remi in Ratatouille
So... When are you going to try a pet lizard? Will it run trails with you?
Does an e-bike make you an e-girl? : D
Honestly, going faster and faster... not sure is a great thing. That just means you will fall harder, and slide into trees harder. Kinda scary actually.
Stop making excuses to have an ebike. Who cares if your 65 , you could still ride a normal mtb . An ebike wont make up for lack of skill or overall strength.  Anyway -- stop worry about what other people think and go and have a  fun .   If thats on a fat bike, unicycle or full fat hacked 30mph ebike
I've got nothing against eBikes as a type of bike, I do have issues with the types of riders they attract. For starters eBike kid gangs are funny but at the same time very scary for normal motorists, they fly through stop signs and sidewalks and can really end up as a hood ordainment which would suck for my insurance prems. Next on the list, eBikes reduce the skill barrier for more advanced trails. I've seen more yuppies attempt to hit jump-lines or black diamond trails just because they think speed is what makes people good enough for these trails, only for them to find out that it's not speed but bike skill and when you're bombing DH on an eBike that's 40-50 LBS you carry more momentum than a 20 LBS DH or Enduro bike. So making that off camber blind turn is where I see these weekend warriors wrapped around trees and end up in the ER. eBikes have a place in outdoor sports just like MX but it should be just that, if the local trail system doesn't allow motorcycles then no eBikes.
I don't have an e-bike yet because I don't want a battery fire.
Awesome conversation Seth, bit late to the video but totally appreciate the view and respect for giving it a go. I was very much the same at the beginning, and it was crazy expensive. But I got diagnosed with R.A. and a lot of my impactful sports and activities took a bit, so did my mental health. My mbt was still awesome but I found it difficult and soul destroying from one day able to do my runs, trails and have fun, to needing to have painkillers and other meds to offset the difficulties I was having, put on weight and started to do less. Embt helps me do a bit of both, I like to ride with less assistance as a bit of me is still stubborn 😂 and I dial it up accordingly. The biggest thing is I go to other places over trials now, which I have never done before. I still like and rude my mbt, for the same reasons to keep my fitness up, and switching enables me to judge my abilities that day, and embt helps me train for my mbt day. A really great conversation, enjoy watching your content mbt or embt I'm just pro bike, pro fun 👍😄
As a recent purchaser of an ebike, we must all recognize there is a time and place for everything.  Allowing ebike opens up mountain biking to more people,and ensures the future of the sport. I have several regular bikes but after numerous surgeries and knee replacements, should I be forced to give up a sport I enjoy? Depending on the trails, I will choose a regular or ebike.  Perhaps it’s time that all trails allow ebikes even if it requires the equivalent of a handicap marking or flag!
Dude... I'm the fittest I've ever been since having kids. I use them like kettlebells. Flip my 5yo upside down and spin him around. He's basically my 30+lb dumbell on a daily basis. Tons of squats, deadlifts, and kettlebells. Make your kid(s) your gym.   I bought a Heckler last summer. It weighs nearly 50lb. You can turn off the power completely when you want a workout, then turn it back on when you want to get home. All of the arguments about fitness are invalid. Just turn the power off and you'll be pedaling a bike 20+lbs heavier than a traditional bike. I do it all the time when I"m riding with my kids. People assume the power is ALWAYS on with an e-bike. That isn't the case. There are power modes and you can fine tune the power settings to be as mild or aggressive as you want.
What have you got against downhill bikes? You a bigot or what....? 😉...heard about you downhill dodgers before.....😁not that I have a downhill bike anymore....but I am building a freeride machine circa 2013ish, not sure it'll be as good an all rounder as my late noughties all mountain/enduro bike but it's a looker...😅
Analogue purists have poisoned the minds of authorities regarding Class 1 ebikes. They have zero advantage going down (slower, actually). They assist in climbing which affects no one else. @7:50 - BOOM! You figured it out. I go up - hence back down - stuff I couldn't before. Places I couldn't before. Climbs I couldn't before that you can't on your best day. Love it!
Why do I have an ebike? 1. where I live I must climb thousands of feet in short distances anytime I ride. 2. I was born in 1961 and heart rates demands on these climbs has become unsafe. 3. after a lifetime of sports, knees are no longer equipped to handle more than two to three rides per week on my analogue bike. 4. Down is funner.
I'm 68 and slowing down thinking on getting me one. What's stopping me is the price.
I have tried several pedal-assist bikes and yes, they are fun but to me personally "normal" bikes are more fun, more satisfying. E-Bikes are great though when one is handicapped for whatever reason. I once rented an e-mountain-bike when recovering from COVID - thus I could have a fun ride which would have been impossible for me on an ordinary bike at the time.
For aging people it’s a good way to continue the process of getting outdoors, especially if injuries that prevent long hill climbing it helps. Great information ℹ️
I’m a holdout, but just passing 70, I see them in my future. I’m not riding any less frequently but find my stamina fading and avoid climbing. I’m sure I would ride longer with a little help.
I just watched a video of guys riding motorcycles.
I’m such an old-schooler I don’t even ride a fully 😅 I rather give 5-7k to a very sweet ht, although that might change while I’m getting older. And yes 🙌 know I’d probably be alot faster etc on a fully, but it still feels like cheating the challenge of mtb’ing a bit for me. It’s all a personal choice…
E-bikes also create more waste. If we're being honest with ourselves. Do we believe these e-bikes will be functional in 20 years, like all of our other bikes will be?
RIDE BIKES!! E-bikes, non e-bikes, MTB, Road, Gravel…but ride more BIKES! That’s FUN, good for your body and mind!! STOP this nonsense from e-bikes vs. non e-bikes!! That’s pure stupidity!! Is shuttling all day long, less lazy than pedaling all the way up with a e-bike? Pedal more and shuttle less!! PS: if you haven’t sweat is because you didn’t try harder enough or you just did a couple of miles!😅 Usually I sweat a lot doing 25 miles with an 1.400 meters of elevation…😉 Just try it!!
This my friend, this is the denial stage. I took my “real” bike on the trail yesterday & guess what my body is worse for wear & recovering, now with an e-bike, I can go out & produce the same or better results by upping the PAS level to accommodate my mood & recovery stage.  The weight is also becoming less of a deterrent as well.  Other than legislative restrictions & budget these will be a part of the biking future.
In terms of exercise I agree and disagree. I agree in the sense that yes having a emtb makes it way easy to get up an down the mountain. Disagree in that in every single emtb I have tried you can simply adjust the assist, hell even turn the motor off with the press of a button. Yes, that does introduce the 'temptation' problem of the motor to reduce your issues being a press away, but maybe I just have great self control in that I have never found that a problem. I set the motor such that I am still out of breath but not such that I need to pull over for 5 minutes. If you can't control yourself and mtb'ing is your main source of exercise sure force that limit on yourself.
I haven't had the pleasure of riding one of the center drive E bikes. But the normal hub motor ones are my only way of getting around.   I can't get a license because of a disability, but I still gotta get places. e bikes were the first thing that let me do that.
I would love to own one probably in my 50s/ 60s. Right now, Im happy with my standard bike.
Maybe because you like riding pushbikes, and an e-bike is a motorbike, not a pushbike.
Me neither. But it’s still to expensive.  Just plain to expensive for a decent one.
So, which one are you getting?  Really nice collab!!
You can also buy an e bike for fun and as a car replacement for short trips.  I bought a $2000 Wired Freedom full suspension 60v 26x4 fat tire and almost never ride my other bikes anymore.  Easily pays for itself and is more fun and healthy than sitting in a car.
Ebikers claim its helping improve their fitness but dont see no ebiker getting fit enough to switch to a normal bike.   The ebikers are easy to pick out at my local mtb park, the size of their gut.  I will give ebikes one credit and thats rocky technical climbs with ledges and thats it.
I'm 73 as of this month and still don't have a eBike. I tell people:  "I'm not old enough yet" Also I can tell ebikes on the trail because of all the skidding coming into fast corners.
"and there's nothing that keeps you honest like having to climb a mountain to get back home". Yep, that's my life! I live in the city, but I go down when I leave home, have to go up then.
I don't want an E bike because I like staying in shape by peddling.   If the sht hits the fan and there is no power, you e bike folks are gonna be stuck peddling heavy bikes....
My love for my e-bike shines through when sessioning downhill and enduro trails. With limited time I can get way more riding in.  To me the heavier bike feels way more natural when cornering and jumping especially coming from motocross. When I do ride with buddies that don't have E Bikes it's as easy as turning the bike off. Best of both worlds!!
E-bike make no sense to me. You cycle for your health, as a sporting hobby, or something like that. E-bikes turn everything into a ride.
4:06 with out fitness comes injury
wheel chairs for rich people!
becuase get a MX bike.
No fixed gear?
The problem is you test rode an ebike in Bentonville. Come out west to ride some real mountains on an ebike, and you will be a convert!
No hate, just a fair, rational assetment.
AT 66 my Giant eMTB makes riding POSSIBLE. For without assist I would not make it up the hills. It’s a game changer.  We need to differentiate between Class1’s and the rest though, all of the problems exist with the others. C1’s need to be on even-footing with non-E’s. Prohibiting them is never going to work.  It’s been said that, for even the die-hard anti’s, eventually everyone will have an ebike. Trying one generally opens their eyes and their minds.
If you wanna sweat more, just turn the assistance to a lower level, it’s not witchcraft!
I found myself in the same situation...I wonder about adding an ebike to my quiver, but always give up. I love mtb and want to be the best rider I can without injuries. That feeling pushes me to jump on my gravel bike to be fitter und suffer less on the mtb rides. Which doesn't happen so often since I became a dad. So I guess the ebike would make me lazier to work out..since I would "not need" the fitness. On the flip side it is great to take the lil one on the shot gun for some quality time in the woods. Cheers
Stay away from that let some other channels review that thing please
Yes. Definitely still more expensive but you also get a motor and battery. I imagine there lies the higher cost. I'm sixty eight. I spend more time outdoors riding and getting exercise since my ebike purchase. I do more because I know if I need it, I have the juice to get home. I still ride my non ebike but not as much anymore as I was starting to age out from not being able to ride all day.
Omg, poor Evan sounds unnatural even when he's not presenting.
Great evolution of thought right there.
More important question.  Where's your MOTORIZED bike?
If I was doing errands around town, that might change the balance a bit. Because that issue opens a whole new can of worms.
Nice! great job covering bikes and still being nonjudgemental. I am 74 years old and most of my physical exercise  comes from mountain biking. I get good exercise from swimming and it is easy on my body. I have many biker friends int their 20, 30, 40 and even 50's who are e-biking and tell me they get the same workout , just more miles, with the e-bike. For me, it's a survival thing. I know how hard I have to work my body to ride these trails on my Trek Fuel and I known if I let up, I can easily get lazy.  If your choice is no-E, I support you and I think I can feel your inner-spirit.
Speaking from a 52-year-old I am in love with my electric MTB
Bream peak i have a question this not rude but what is your height?
Hi Seth. I was actually dead set against owning an e-bike but after a 4 year hiatus from riding (life changes etc) and a shit load of weight gain a friend told me try one and I reluctantly did. I agree that you are probably not going to get as fit on an e-bike but, and its a big BUT. I picked up my brand new e-bike today and rode 60 KM's (38 ish miles in stupid measurements) which even at my fittest would have been a big day considering the terrain (1000 meters of vert) and would have left me sore for a day or two. I am going out again tomorrow. The mountain bike bug has bitten me again. And to be honest, coming from a Motorcross background the additional weight is reassuring. Then again, I do not do the big jumps or the crazy grade 5's.
E bikes are a game changer. I'd never buy an analogue bike again
If you rode an e-bike, and you weren't saying to yourself, "I should definitely get an e-bike ASAP", then wouldn't that just be a waste of money .....? I'd venture to say most people don't have that kind of money to just throw around like "no biggie" ......
Oh no! He got bit. Totally understand bro. I rode a friend's emtb and total dig the experience, but my personal drawbacks are: Price (I ride a 12 year old old dh bike, so much value for money) Environment (ebikes [batteries] are seriously toxic +once an ebike is obsolete, so is its frame that would have lasted for like 20+ years) Longevity of the bike (it's just wasteful and irresponsible...)  Endorphins (riding the up gives me a real workout that I can't achieve with power assistance)  Attitude (I don't want to end up like an ebike rider who thinks they own everything and are so smart)  Joy of the downhill (I liked my mates emtb and have ridden a couple or so times and the bike is absolutely awesome, but still weight does matter to me for pure downhill enjoyment)   But yeah emtb is its own think and lots of people love them. Good for them!
I'm 52 years old. Until this year, I was fairly fit on the bike (100+ mile MTB rides and 4000+ miles a year). Last year I had a crash that required surgeries, and I had to spend a year not riding. I got very out of shape and put on 45 pounds. I had never considered e-bikes for a lot of the reasons you mentioned. I didn't want it to ruin me for my other bikes, and a large part of why I ride is to stay fit. That being said, now that I am back to riding, I realized I could actually have fun while getting back in shape on an e-bike. I live in Southern California where the climbs are brutal. I picked up a new YT decoy on sale for $3500, and have been having a blast while steadily getting back in shape. The key to this are the e-bike modes! When I need the workout, I force myself to stay in eco mode. This mode just helps a little (50-60 watts of help). When I feel I have earned some fun, or I need a recovery ride, I'll go for a ride in trail mode. I am steadily dropping weight and getting more fit while having a blast and doing rides I'd never be able to do otherwise. Great tool if you have a little mode discipline. My son finds it impossible to keep it in eco mode when he rides it, but I do it no problem. I also ride my other bikes more than the e-bike now that I am getting more fit. My biggest fear of the e-bike making my other bikes less appealing has not proved to be the case at all. This has been my experience. Hopefully this helps other in similar situation.
As a disabled veteran my e-bike has opened the door for me. I can get out more and not have as much of the knee pain that I had ridding my regular mountain bike. I have lost over 50 lbs since upgrading to an e-bike this year. I seriouly think the e-bike has changed my life for the good.
Why dont you have aroad bike?
Yeah price is still the biggest point aside from weight for me. Same bike with same components and a motor quickly adds 1-2000€
Harvesting lithium is not very eco friendly so it’s a bit odd to add this process to the already perfect green machine. If you physically need assistance then okay, otherwise no way.
Hi Seth, I haven’t watched your videos in a few years, I stopped riding bikes when I was pregnant. Now riding again, sold my mtb though 😢. Your videos got even better! 💪🏼❤
You are an idiot if you don't see how important these bikes are.
Try a proper full fat e-mtb 160+ travel. Great fun.
Soo the thing is my first fully was an older 19 kg Alloy bike, really felt great. The newer fully is a 14kg freeride and damn do i love the agility and it's ease to throw around. When then testing a 23 kg E-Bike it was just way to heavy, its a completely different way of riding a bike, especially downhill and cornering. Its just so heavy.   I know there are light weigt options, but they are way to expensive. And I don't like carbon frames at all.. they are not made for the amount of crashing I do when trying tricks and stupid stuff. Whenever a alloy frame had a crack after a crash we just welded it back together and it was as good as new.
I guess I shouldn't be surprised that today's young people are too lazy to pedal a bike.
I think a 50lb downhill hill bike could use some E .... And someone that commutes and someone with a physical disability but other than  that.....NOPE!
let's be honest seth you probably need an e-bike and a DH bike too 😅
The his guy talks as if he’s a soccer player or a mountain climber. Anyone athletic will be able to do your climbs probably within a couple hours if they know how to ride a bicycle and the trail is clear. Cardio is good even on a E-bike. And of course you can go further on a regular bike. You could go further than a car with a regular bike. But no. YOU can’t go further or get there as fast than an Ebike could.
Most people would rather have an e-bike on the trail. Unfortunately a small group of people control a lot of the decision-making process of the trails that don't allow e-bikes. For instance in Great Britain e-bikes are allowed on just about every Trail. It's just a resistance to something they don't understand or know. All of the trails should be open to e-bikes. The resistant people are the ones having their egos crushed by Strava . It's mostly about ego
Love the introspection Seth - solid content
I love your passion... but your ONLY solid argument is about the difference in the way the weight of the bikes (plus and/or minus) allows you to control it better (or worse).   And also about price...
My Ebikes allow me to get out MORE! I have tons of fun..
you make your videos so entertaining i get lost in em so fast, well done!
Love that you caught yourself being somewhat gatekeepy and walked it back a little. The people acting like ebikes are shredding trails are the same as skiers hating snowboards back in the day. Get off my lawn, change is scary!
I enjoy riding my hard tail. But I was diagnosed with Lyme disease which has left almost every joint in my body in a condition like rheumatoid arthritis. My eMTB has been a game changer for me. I do still get on my hard tail when I can, but it really takes a longer time to recover.
E bike suck
After snapping the same ACL twice skiing, my right leg was so weak and I put a lot of weight on, got depressed and stopped exercising. buying an e-bike has been the way for me to get my strength and fitness back and now I’m going up tall mountains I could never get up on a normal bike. It felt like cheating at first but it’s actually helped me to get to places I’ve never been and subsequently I ride longer and harder than I ever could before. Best decision I’ve ever made.
I only have an e-MTB, apart from my gravel, two toadies and a cruiser, but for MTB, it's a Kenevo.  My wife has a Levo.  We go back-country bush-bashing on 25% gradients where we would not go otherwise.  Not many uplifts here in Oz.   You may not be motivated to get one, which is cool.  It's a game changer for us which opens up so much opportunity.  I'll give you a month before you get one.  It took that Rob Yorkshire dude and 5 secs to get one after he tried one.
my ariel rider grizzly 52v  x-2 is a Xi-Nese piece of garbage.
I built mine for $400 (including the battery and accessories) - BUT i already had the hard tail to convert.
its the (despite having everything else) for me , lol .........
a mid-drive doesn't make it a "proper" ebike.  Every type of ebike can have a "proper" (properly made) version, and pedaling doesn't have to be necessary.  And banning ebikes from being used on trails is ridiculous.  Banning unsafe use makes sense.  Including unsafe use of regular bikes.
I live in a city that calls it's the "hill city". I would not be able to commute effectively on a regular bike. I'm not in good enough shape, and I'm ok with admitting that. An ebike is a legit transportation option around town, moreso than regular bikes. And heavy is an understatement, I put my Aventon Aventure 2 on the scale at work and with the security chain and a few extras it's 106lbs!
Ha Ha I think you was tempted to say "I'm going to get one" but you have no space left in your garage. I have a selection of home adapted E-bikes and I find because they are easier to ride I tend to go further and faster. Not sure I would ever spend several thousands bucks on one though.
I feel like you're not excluding anyone by not featuring ebikes on your channel. If an ebike is doing it's job, it's going to let the rider do much the same things as a normal bike.
You should consider building a cheap ebike that will be affordable to the normal viewer. They sell frames, motors, batterys as kits.
There are a bunch of mountain bikes at my house , old super trick bikes like a GSR  Mach 9 that won the  Mammoth  downhill in 01, Specialized Big Hit dirt jumper, super light Kleins,  some  Santa Cruz, Ellsworth et al,  and yet after a few heart attacks and strokes I didn't ride them anymore, then I rode a Pivot Shuttle  e-mtb for an hour at South Mountain , and the next week I got one, but with more travel. At 65, I am twice as old as  my youngest son, and yet on my new  e-bike I ride right with my sons and their young friends on their e-bikes, climb everything they climb and drop off what ever they drop off, and get way more miles in than we ever did on regular bikes. Its great to be a purist, but when your kids and friends get motors, you better get one too, otherwise they wont invite you along for the ride, and you will be a lonely guy sitting at home watching YouTube videos about the guys that upgraded and never looked back.
If I could afford,I would get myself a SUR-RON😅 I'm almost 40,and my legs are not what they were 10 years ago 😅😔 Greetings from Croatia from Kris 😎
I want to buy
Hi can you tell best 2023 e mtb
I can setup a Peloton stationary bike with the right amount of resistance to keep me in my optomal cardio range. Or I can setup an emtb to do the same thing and have a hellava lot more fun😂
I think realistically eMTB’s are for anyone but is a great option for older people who are young at heart
I live in NC on the coast in Leland and i go to asheville to ride. An I just sold my ebike and kept my regular full suspension because soo many trails don't allow them and they do come in very handy to climb the mountain. Try climbing at kanuga or berm peak park on reg.
I love my ebike kenevo ,the best part more riding and practice ! You will have more concentration on the downhills, say goodbye to a miserable hill climbs .
I feel much the same about e-bikes; I don't have one and don't think about getting one. I ride an enduro bike (LENZ Lunchbox), a titanium hardtail with gears, and a single-speed hardtail; I have a bike for whatever trail or mood I'm in. I'm 56 and have been a mountain biker for 35 years; I still ride as fast and far as I ever have. I have no desire to change what already brings me so much happiness. So, I don't see any reason to get an e-bike. When I hit my mid-seventies, I'll consider an e-bike.
I wish you not premier using grease from a grease gun tub instead of a neat park tool tooth pause tube  my 15 yr old bike enthusiast  is running his cloths .  I can’t afford  buying  my kid new clothing  because  he  says Seth does this .  Please promote cleaning  of  tools  and work space as being apart of repairing bikes  signed thanks conserved  parent .
Why do those places not allow e-bikes? Are there actually any legitimate reasons or just gear envy, or what?
I ride mainly for fitness and for the feeling of accomplishment I get when doing something hard. Every time I see someone on an e-bike it makes me wonder why I even bother putting in the effort. So in that sense e-bikes are starting to ruin mountain biking for me. If they ever become dominant I may eventually to switch to another sport.
I'm 72 years old, started riding a mountain bike in 1986, raced through the 90's. I find that it is not possible for me to attain the aerobic fitness that I could when I was younger so I bought a Turbo Levo in 2022 and I love it. If I want a workout I turn it down to the lowest assist level and that does it. Worst thing about it is loading and unloading it from the van. Best thing about it is railing uphill switchbacks like I used to on my motocross motorcycle. You make a great point, when people get outside they get happier, more happier people=better world. Great video!
Good take. I have both e-bike and road bike...when I want a workout I ride the road bike, when I want to have fun and cruise around I ride the e-bike., They're fun.
The problem is...where do e-bikes end and motorcycles begin? It's a continuum. I know a few people who have hacked their e-bikes to give them top electric only speeds of more than 40 kph. Sure, a "bike" has pedals...but surely you could take a light electric MX motorcycle and throw in a chain/belt drive to make it a "bike."
Should get a bike like eahora juliet. Has a long range cruise vibe that i love
Yep, we have mostly 60yr+ riders in our bunch, most closer to 70yrs and some 70+. Ex racers and BMX champs including a tiny 42kg lady ex racer for whom a 12kg MTB is a crap power to weight equation.  Her hubby put her on an Orbea Rise and she is now IN the bunch instead of off the back.  Same for those who have had operations and are on the mend =eMTB.  There are others who have tried the eMTB thing and have gone back to analogue because its a more lively ride and the bunch had split between the analogues off the back and eMTBs racing, as we always do, up the front.  Personally I am trying to just have one bike and am struggling between my new EPIC EVO Comp @12.3kg and my porky Orbea Rise @19.3kg. The EVO is a blast but sometimes I have off days and physically bonk so the Rise does have its merits.  I can fit lighter wheels to the Rise and ride off power (cause it can do that so easily) with the analogues or power up and chase the full fats.  I guess I just hate the depreciation of MTBs so dont want to lose a ton of $ on the eMTB if I get out too late.
Why not??????  Because you can rent one when you need it.  and pass on all the maintenance, ownership costs, charging risk,  depreciation etc.
Wait till you get to 55...
I’m a Bentonville native. Welcome. It was nice to see you showcase our lovely community. I own both a Lectric 2.0 and an analog gravel bike. I rode my ebike to work. I didn’t want to show up sweaty. On the way home I’d detour for some trails at Coler. It’s the best of both worlds.
Within 10 years ,most people will be purchasing E-bikes.
The thing with e mountain bikes is you dont have to have it on turbo all the time set the assistance lower and you will have just as good a work out
Using the 5% of “need” riders to argue e-bikes is like saying we should make walmart e-carts available for everyone. Do not use the minority to argue for the majority. Keep motorized vehicles out of trails. PLEASE
Funny enough, I had similar thoughts on ebikes. Afraid I'd not get the cardio I need, would leave my regular bikes on the wall in the garage to collect dust... turns out, I spend the same amount of time in each of the heart rate zones. I just go further and climb higher. My legs do take a hit though. I also still grab my regular bikes just as often, but again, I have twice as many ebike miles, because I get more riding done in the same alloted time. After getting one so I could partake with all my buddies that got them, my tune has completely changed and I think they're an excellent addition to the toolset.
: 00:45 Thanks for understanding my pain as someone who bikes Manhattan daily 😂
With two Amish bikes and one E, riding is just enjoyable in different ways. My heart rate on the E is close to analog but i ride it faster, cover twice the elevation and almost twice the miles. Im in my mid 60s and have ridden E with guys in their 70s and even 80s who kick serious butt here in S Utah. I just try and evenly mix it up, analog mtn, road, E mtn. I enjoy each in their own way. Id say the only way E trumps the others is im actually able to ride the E the NEXT DAY after a hard analog ride, otherwise its an every other day routine.
If you want you can convert a noemal mtb to a mid drive ebike for under 800 the battery wont be integrated into the frame but itll still hold together just as well
Hi Berm, can you please review MTBs with sealed gearbox + motor... Pinion and others... Thank You.
I have never been to Berm Park and not seen a e-bike.
what's the point. I'll ride my dirt bike if I don't want to pedal
I'm thinking the same way as you regarding e-bikes. I've rode them & they are fun, but I still prefer my 6 bikes (including a recumbent). Maybe I will get one when I turn 70 (in 6 years).  When I ride in the Garden of the Gods & get passed on an uphill by e-bikes deep down, I feel like they are cheating. But at least they are out riding. And isn't that what is important.
I like this bloke’s videos
what gets you outside gets you outside. if thats making climbs easier, who cares? anyone who actually cares about e-bikes gaining popularity in the MTB scene or elsewhere needs to shove it. image could certainly be something, but when youre riding 6000-10000 dollar, top of the line MTBs,  the point is moot. i love how much of this stuff seth touched on in this video. it feels very mature and thought through. get outside!
I like my e-bike cause I get tons of laps and get tired from going fast downhill and not climbing
We will welcome you with open arms when you come to the Darkside...
I'm over 50 now. Still pedaling a SS hardtail.  I do Pisgah, Dupont,  Pinhoti, Cohutta Death March whenever I can.  Don't see myself slowing down anytime soon.
Its like being non-natty with an e-mtb like in the gym but on the trails
allows you to practice more downhill rides and jumps, more laps. but never be the first choice to ride
We ride in Cades Cove during their "Vehicle Free Wednesdays" and it has amazed me how many older riders are able to get out and enjoy riding their bikes around the loop with all of its hills. There is nothing quite like huffing & puffing up a hill and having "Granny Blue Hair" zip past you, giggling and pointing!
Seriously best video about the topic
Having a e bike can be good for people that cant walk very well anymore... or medical issues so if there not alowd were your at f them honestly. And you can easly get worked out on a e bike you just need to be on lower power or even shut it off lol His excuse for not having e bike Im old so i want work out over fun lol lame excuse
Too expensive 😢
I honestly think that dirt bikes feel lighter in the air than e bikes for their size and weight.
5k 🤣
carry it
E-bikes are for senior citizens and for the disabled, there I said it. A fit man has no business riding on those "bikes".
I think there’s a very different perspective for ebikes in the US vs the UK or EU.  Here in the UK for example if you ride to work you can get as much as 40% off the cost of your bike, and they’re rarely banned (the legal ones that is, you turn up on a Surron and you’ll be leaving just as quickly). It’s normal for everyone to just ride together and whilst you still get the old ‘cheat’ every time you pass someone on the climbs it’s generally tongue in cheek.  The best thing about them isn’t that they’re not a workout. It’s that you are in CONTROL of the workout. Maintaining your heartrate in a specific zone without blowing out is much better than dying on some massive climb and then stopping at the top. With an ebike you just adjust the assistance to keep the effort constant and achievable.  Not just that but if I, for example, sprain something, I know that I can just turbo the bike home and it’ll get me there. Even broke my wrist once and turbo’ed the bike home.  I’ve been riding my Cube for 2 and a half years now, and it’s the best thing I ever did. They just make you WANT to go ride.
“Because I’m in shape and I’m not lazy.”  I kid, e-bikers. I love you.
I’m 58 and am just starting to notice limitations on my MTB rides. I still ride 15-28 mile rides and my climbing always suffers, however having the challenge to keep trying keeps riding 2x / week keeps it exciting. I’m ok w/ e-bikes, it’s just that I don’t want to go there until I absolutely must. I’m also waiting for them to get lighter and cheaper. At least lighter.
I mountain biked 3-4 times a week, 10 to 15 miles a ride, that was about 3 years ago. I then got covid and 3 years later I still have what is known as long haul covid and my overall ability to keep fit, to even get fit, and probably never get as fit, is gone. The ebike saved mountain biking for me. I can ride again, I enjoy it, and because of the inability for my lungs to get oxygen to my body as needed, ebiking does make me sweat and feel like I have worked out. It is very hilly here in Alabama and when I tried to ride my old hard tail, 1-2 miles was my max and it would land me in bed for 2 days due to post exercise malaise. On my ebike, I can ride 12 to 14 miles, still tired, but I got to do a lot more, have a lot more fun.   The negative of an ebike, is the look I get from other riders because I am on an ebike. I almost want to get a shirt that says 'I used to be you, but I can't do that anymore'. While we mountain bikers might be friendlier than cyclists, there is still a lot of judging going on.   Do I wish I could ride my old bike? Yes. When I move it around the garage, it feels so light and so free, but at this point in life, and maybe never, can I ride my old hardtail. Time will tell.  @SethsBikeHacks - Why do trails prohibit ebikes? I don't get the rational. Did they prohibit bikes that had full-suspension when that first happened? How about when 1x drivetrains came out? Both of those allowed me to ride farther and faster?   Last comment - I don't capitalize covid because it doesn't deserve the respect. And, while some might not think long covid is a real thing, as someone living with it, I can attest it is true. 3 years in and I am only a bit better than I was 3 years ago. I so miss mountain biking 3-4 times a week.
I ride my ebike in winter time, or in summer a son ride the e bike ad i ride natural mtb…
One aspect that ebikes take away is the incredible sense of satisfaction and down right fun making a tough climb. Technical climbs are one of the highlights of riding. When you can complete one successfully you know; You are fit, you have skills and you have grit. An ebike simply eliminates this fundamental aspect of the sport of mountain biking, which in mountain biking is half the sport. Ebking is not mountain biking it is ebiking.
Life is short. Get yourself an ebike! I have young family and pressed for time. With the ebike I get a better workout because I ride it like a stuck pig. With analog bike I tend to conserve energy riding slower so I don't kill myself unless training for events.  Your technical abilities get better being able to do more laps with ebike.  I also like shuttling my son around with toe rope. Both ebike and analog bike compliment each other. Analog bike feels easier to flick around after training with ebike on technical terrain.
I’ve notice the place where e bikes feel most at home is in certain European mountain ranges. Some of the trails are so steep you’d be stupid to try to climb on a normal bike even a super caliber or something similar in weight. So all the local riders use e bikes and all the shops rent e bikes.
What an excellent and honest assessment! Thanks for sharing!
I think, like you kind of hit on, these pedal assist bikes are not what the E-bike bans are about.  Most people wouldn't know you had pedal assist, but when people show up with a Surron or essentially an E-motorcycle without pedals, that is a problem.  I have no problem with e-MTB, but e-Cycle is a different animal.
They’re for climbing 😂
Had an awesome ride with my best mate and his wife on her new e-bike today. We were on our trail bikes, she’s technically capable, but slow climbing so used to hate riding with us (despite the fact we didn’t care about climbing slower to accommodate her) because she always felt she had to try and keep up. Now on her e-bike we had an awesome day all riding together and yes she did smoke us up some sections! E-bikes can be a great equaliser, and I’m all for it.
why dont you have a dirtbike?
If you want to cruise, an e-bike is ideal.  If you want to exercise and stay in shape, get a pedal bike.  It's all about what you prefer.
Some very odd opinions being expressed by both pro and anti ebike commentators.
I like to use E-Bikes as a relaxing commuter in the warmer parts of the year. Cheap and fun way to get around
i just bouth  a second hand bike. it has a hydrolic mecanical brake. no idea how it works but i cant find any info for it, can you do a video on them
I have to say I don’t really agree with you on the fitness part. I still get winded. I used to go do 1 1/2 laps at my local trail (long grind up). I got a 1/2 power/lightweight ebike and now I do 3-3 1/2 laps. My legs feel the same amount of “rubbbery” after both types of rides. The difference is that because I had more fun, I mean did more laps, I also get more of an upper body workout as well. If it doesn’t have a throttle and it’s just pedal assist…. I say, let it fly!!
The real question is why you don’t have a road bike?
I seem to recall GMBN or EMBN doing a back to back test between “digital” and “analogue” MTBs and there wasn’t much of a difference in effort over the course of the test - but it’s still the cost that makes it out of my reach so I’ll stick to my £700, 15 year old hardtail for now.
Give me a dirtjumper
If your worried about it not being a workout, all you gotta do is turn off the power and its a challenge to get it home :)   I have 3 different e-bikes, 2 folding fat tires and 1 stealth bomber, they are fun and I've put more miles on than ever in my life.  They are taking over, but we just need to be respectful of trails and other riders. were all in different places with pedals.
The way the ebike drive train feels is just different I dont like it feels too smooth
Cost
50 here, and I'll keep riding my regular MTB for as long as I can. My old riding buddy was still pushing up 300m+ climbs in his mid-sixties, so hopefully I have a few years in me yet. Will 100% go e-bike when the time is right, though.
Why are places not ebike friendly? Australia: Don't think I've ever enconted that.
i use my emtb on all the trails i used to ride on my hard tail and 100mm XC race bike, i don't even feel like i'm riding that much differently, maybe a bit because the bike is heavier, but you can still throw it around.  only deference is im 20kg heavier and 20yrs older, i run my own business so i don't have time to do a 4hr loop like i used to, so if i can go out and have a blast in 1.5hrs for the same length of trail and i've still pedaled pretty hard, i'm a happy chappy.. sure i only burned 1000calories not 4000 but w/e  at this point in my life i aint racing track or road either or doing 100km mtb races, those days are gone and im fine with that.  i want to have as much whoopdies as i can and not be trashed after.
I feel like an e-mtb Judy takes the dopamine with progressive effort out of it a bit, biking is something you have to work for for the dopamine hit and the high of getting to the top of the hill puffed af and then sending down  it's a beautiful hobby where you're meant to disconnect from media, and electronics and motorised stuff
Just wish the ebike crowd wasn't running the rest of us off the trails. Might be the end of my biking. I don't get the purpose of 20 yr Olds blasting the trails with no regard for real bike riders.
Ehhh Not a fan of any electronics on mountain bikes themselves. Call me old fashion but I think it should just be you, the bike, and the trails. I'll accept some arguments for electric shifting, dropper posts and  probably eventually brakes, but those dont assist your forward movement mechanically.  I view E-MTB bikes as just low powered dirt bikes. If you want that type of experience just cut the bullshit and go dirt biking.  Now for commuters and road bikers that use biking for actual work and  travel outside of "fun"; E-bikes are wonderful and I fully support them and their adoption.
What puts me off e-bikes is the price and the fact that sooner or later that battery will be completely dead and you’ll have two choices new battery or new bike. I’d rather pay less and put that bit more effort into peddling and know that I never have to worry about replacing the battery whist still having just as much fun.  My bikes 10 years old and will probably still be going in another 5 10 years, obviously with some things being replaced over time but I really can’t see anyone riding a 2023 e-bike in 2033. I’ve been on one and they are cool. I can definitely see why people want them but nope not for me
I am going to get a lizard now... then I'll know what I'm missing in e-bikes.
The 50to01 boys shred these things so I think you do get used to it, though it does look like a lot more effort, but that might make up the cardio depending what you ride…. Riding… what is riding…..
E-MTB is making people enjoy nature for the price of destroying it elsewhere without the need to. It is sad that this has to happen to mountainbiking.
the point of mountain biking depends on the person and isn't for anyone else to dictate, particularly when it doesn't affect them
You can always throw a Electric kit on a bike. I bought an old Cannondale M700 and threw a Bafang on it, it is my commute bike.
all I have is an E-cargo bike, A cheap Rad Power one at that. It replaces a lot of car trips because of the load capacity. Replacing your longtail rear wheel with a hub motor kit including regen breaking might give you a different outlook.
I bought a hard tail e-bike last year. I have mixed feelings about it. I started out using it on trails and thinking I could use it for bike packing out mixed use trails. The weight of it is kinda annoying and when you are on a lot of steep trails it kills the battery pretty fast. Once the battery dies you are peddling a really heavy mountain bike. Next year it will probably be my commuter bike. It works great for that especially when pulling a trailer.
I ride at least 2x faster now with new skills after 25 years of riding. Eeb is for the ones who like to ride as fast as the trail will allow before crashing . Seriously the analogs don’t know what skills they are missing not having stupid trail speed at the push of a pedal
Oh ur getting an ebike. I can see it in your soul and your eyes . You want one now. Oh and btw, yes you will be riding laps at Kanuga without fail. All day. 20 climbs back to back, and then you will charge it during lunch, and go do 20 more
My only caveat, and this is coming from my experience of over a decade as a professional bike mechanic and service shop manager. The problem is at it's current state, its still a giant pissing contest between all the companies. It removes the ability to diagnose, and wrench on your bike at home. So often to diagnose small issues you need to come to the shop so  i can use a diagnostic system that you can only get as a licensed shop. Often times it comes down to dirty/loose connections. Still every 12-18 months i have to do a recertification and product knowledge update seminares for 2-3hrs. This is because they are endlessly changing the systems.  Sorry for the rant.  Also surons are not e-bikes they are electirc dirtbikes. 🤙
Due to a medical condition, after around 50 years of riding conventional bikes (all sorts), I recently went to an e-bike. Prior to getting one (a Trek Rail 5) I wasn't a big fan of them. This due to partly the looks of them but also because I thought it was cheating. However, after 12mths of riding one, I reckon they are great, most recent models look cool, and for people like me, it allows me to still get out there and ride! I now believe that if anything promotes more people to get outdoors, get exercise and fresh air, that's a great thing! Now, I've heard this previously that e-bikes are not allowed in certain places in the US. I'm in Australia and an e-bike cyclist friend in Oregon has said there are trails there where they are banned. I'm curious as know why? Is it because purists don't like them and won't accept them on their local trails?
Different strokes for different folks, age ability, what your riding for, if thinking you wont be fit enough turn the motor off and pedal up hill doing intervals. easy solutions to anything your not comfortable with. Not everyone has to jump like rampage riders, not everyone desires to go as fast as they can all the time, the more you ride the stronger you get in the upper body also.
Your area is just known for huge nimbyism by the ebike community. I hope the right for locals to ban Federal lands from doing things goes away. It's not your property and having locals control ebikes when the federal regs are in place isn't right.
I am 61 and still enjoy pedaling a analog mountain bike.  I mountain bike for the exercise component too!  My wife, son and I went e-biking in Hawaii on some tame XC trails and we had a blast, but I didn't feel like I did anything and we rode for almost two hours.  I like feeling fatigued at the end of the ride!  I am holding off till I am 70!
The price barrier is real but the real thing that keeps me from doing what you do is the lack of time, and time to get to trails that are like anything you have.
"super light" ebikes are getting better
"Why I STILL do not own an E-MTB"  2 days later... "Why I bought an E-MTB"
Asheville sucks for ebike access.  I wish they’d rethink their policies.  Ebiking is way more fun than analog for me.  I’m one of those “see how many laps you can do at the park” kind of people though.
In simple words: Using e(Mountain)Bikes is giving in to the dark side of the force - making "Darth Lazy" your master! And the dark side kills: first your wallet, then your health - and finally the environment, so keep clear of it ...
Where is the part about becoming an idiot and blazing new trails, passing other riders in inappropriate places, failing to understand basic rules and etiquette??? Maybe that’s for advanced eBikers?
It's because ebikes don't make sense
I just prefer to do it on my own power, a human powered vehicle. Mostly it's a habit. I don't have a regular vehicle at all. I live in a small city many would consider rural and things are spread out. I built my own bike for less than the Walmart bike, using parts from other bikes and microshift derailleur, shifter buttons and cassette, Amazon shimano clone hydraulic brakes and the graphene enhanced 2.35 tires. Don't have enough money for these expensive bikes. Sewed my own tent, blanket, top quilt and backpack. Pieced together kits for cooking, cleaning, carrying water, etc. The thing floats and cruises along as if there was a motor in it. I forget my old speeds and often forget that it mostly feels the same but I'm moving along much faster nowadays. I prefer backcountry multiuse trails. Only issue I've had so far was with the tight clearance in the back tire and frame in peanutbutter mud and with slush freezing in very low temperature wind chill. Bicycle was historically what gave people freedom. It does not cost me money for gas or hotel rooms when I travel. I can cook my own food and do all or almost all of my own repairs. Needing to keep my bike charged doesn't make sense in this paradigm. I already feel quite conflicted keeping the phone, razor, headlamp and backup batteries charged. I like electronics though. Built my own cnc machine and have computerized embroidery machines, 3d printers, diecutters and laser engravers that all get regular use, maintenance and modification. The experience of riding to my limits has led to peak experiences and helped me to develop as a person, mentally physically, emotionally and perhaps spiritually. I can't speak for anyone else but we might cross upon the same paths but we are not riding the same ride.
Answer: “because I’m lame”
Let's face it, EBikes are a pretty new thing.  At 75 years young, I'm just the kind of person that they are made for.  My Giant Trance X Advanced +0 has allowed me to ride with everyone (younger) else and they no longer have to stop along the way and wait for me to catch up.  In fact now I can lead the pack and I guess that ruffles some feathers.  I just no longer have the strength or endurance that I did say 40 years ago.  Parks and MTB trails that don't allow class 1 petal assist bikes are just plain showing their ignorance and lack of understanding.  As for the amount of work out you receive, the bikes have differing levels of assist, so you can make the ride just as hard as you want it to be.  I ride in the middle assist mode out of 5 and as you probably found out, Seth, EBikes are just plain FUN!
DONT DO IT!!! They are not real mountain bikes.
I work as a mechanic in my local shop and while e-bikes are super fun and really useful, especially for people who work in the city and live in the sub's or someone just does'nt cycle often to get where they need to go. Personally i think that an e-bike should be in the cargo/fat tire/half power commuter category. Or you can just ride a regular bike and not make me and my fellow mechanics want to rip our hair out when you bung the frame or waterlog the motor.
Soon they will be allowed in most parks! Just a matter of time
You freaking nailed it!  A real mountain bike, fitness, etc.  Honestly, you were spot on.  Your reasons are literally why motorcycles bore me!  No exercise!
Been riding an eMTB for the past several months.  Levo SL 2023.  My "analog" bike is a 2021 Stumpy.  I love both.  As for the fitness thing, I get MORE of a workout on the eMTB with regards to cardio and calories burned according to my Garmin 955.  However, I don't feel as if I'm redlining my legs as much compared to my Stumpy - so not sure my muscles are getting stronger, but don't really have a reliable way to measure that.  However, this requires you to ride the SAME AMOUNT OF TIME as before as opposed to THE SAME AMOUNT OF DISTANCE.  If you just take your normal trails and outings and start riding them on an eBike, you'll finish faster, burn less calories, and spend less time in fat-burning heart rate zones.  I love having both bikes depending on who I'm riding with and what we are riding.  For quick local rides around 8-12mi, I'm happy to ride the analog.  The next thing I'm going to test, however, is really tweaking the 3 quick-access Power/Support Zones on my Levo SL.  At factory settings, Level 1 (Eco) more than compensates for the 10lb weight difference of my old bike while Level 2 (Trail) is so much power that I can barely feel the difference between it and Level 3 (Turbo) and actually makes riding a bit too easy.  I plan on making Level 1 be something that gives me just enough minimum boost to make it feel as close to riding my analog bike as possible with the 10lb weight increase.  I plan on making Level 2 be somewhere between that and that is currently and then making Level 3 be what my Level 2 is today.
this question doesn't make sense lol if i wanted a mountain bike that made me not actual mountain bike id buy a dirt bike not a ebike....
super lame unless you have need for the utility.  just personal opinion.
I tried an EMTB once, and I found that it sucked me into pedalling harder than I would on regular bike.
Be kinda neat if it actually had an excersize bike mode like the motors cause resitance rather than assist.
Thank you 😊
Glad to see that I’m not alone with my opinion of the e-bike thing- so many people have been all over my personal space lately riding these with absolutely no consideration of my personal space and the rudeness of them really makes me want to see more able people riding good old fashioned bikes that you don’t need such nonsense- leave them for the people who actually need them to be able, but with better judgement than the people who I see riding them.    Kind of wish they were never made . I could do without them.
ebikes are great for the physically challenged.  As for the mentally challenged airheads who make rides a danger to themselves and others, it's a bigger accident just waiting to happen.
New video idea upgrade a Walmart bike
That is why I ride both. My switchblade suspension set up is better than most Ebikes I had ridden. Plus, the personalization you get on a regular bike is better. At the moment, I ride the ebike because I had a heart attack in July and can't enjoy riding ...for now....
Ah phat tire e bike rental, where you rent a sweet ebike only to get out onto the trail and find that the derailleur is clapped out and the dropper is broken.
Ebikes let you ride more often. After a long day at work youd still have the want and energy to get a short evening ride. Your effort is the same its just your rides naturally covers more distance and elevations. The cost really is the limiting factor.
So true
I was searching for the worst facial expressions in a thumbnail on YouTube. Found it! Thanks
The decision to own an eBike is simple.  And it creeps up on you.   It eventually arrives when you accumulate a multitude of anniversaries of your date of birth.  I’m 75 and I speak from experience.
Lol...E-mountain bikes put the fu back in fun. That's why I ride. Great exercise, the weight isn't an issue unless you want to do jumps, and you can explore way more places. I've put on 6000 miles in 2 years because I ride more with a group of friends who also live their bikes. The e-bike vs non-e-bike issue reminds me of when snowboarding was viewed as a threat by traditional skiers. Eventually people learned they weren't an issue at all. So it will be with e-bikes.
EBIke FOR THE WIN,  I can do anything on a Ebike anyone can do on a regular bike but better
Only reason people don't buy a ebike is because of the cost, anyone who makes an excuse about exercise benefit doesn't "really ride" But now they cost as much as an Amish bike and you can go way farther way faster and get BETTER at riding since you get more time in going DOWNHILL!! Who wants to spend all your time and energy climbing
I’m almost like you man minus the skills and back packing bike. Though I do have a DH,Enduro and a couple of hardtails owning an E-bike now doesn’t really sink in just yet. One particular reason is budget. Yes I tested one out and I love it but I don’t love it as much as to let go of my other bikes (Chromoly Torrent,M16 and Range). Maybe it two years when I turn 45😂
When I become an old fart an e-bike is in my future.
e-bike are for those that are out of shape or have a hard time getting going. They’re too heavy especially when they run out of power. Not worth the trouble imo.
I ride a Trek Rail and the biggest compromise I have from riding an e-mtb is weight (50 lbs with a carbon frame). How fast a bike reacts to inputs is very important in how I ride.  I might buy another analog mtb because I miss that nimble riding feel. I don't ride an analog mtb for workout purposes. That's what my Trek Emonda is for. Battery technology hasn't advanced as much as motor technology. Motors have gone a long way as far as materials to save weight but batteries remain heavy with almost no advances to in weight savings. E-mtb's are great if you have time constraints or if you're doing a full day of riding for maximum range. Maybe one day there will be a unicorn e-mtb that will tip the scales around 30 lbs.
I'm an old broken down motocrosser, and my ebike has really helped my activity level. I have a 2022 Turbo Levo, and it is an insane workout to ride above the limiter. I've actually been thinking to take it to my local shop to have them look at it, as pedaling above the limiter or with the motor off is almost unrideable to me. Anyone else have this?
Electric or gas + 2 wheels is a motorcycle. Lame! Enjoy getting fit or growing old with grace.
You and Evan’s hooked up that’s awesome !!
They can shove their e-bikes where the sun don't shine!
2 to 3 out of 10 adults, worldwide, experience a mobility restrictive condition. Which is why e-bikes are absolutely essential, and that you should keep bagging out fully healthy riders on them 😅
You said it perfectly but I want one
Great video. At over 50 years of age I went Santa Curz Bullit a few years ago and haven’t looked back.  Electric allows me to go twice as far as before, do two laps instead of one, and keep riding with other people who are usually 5-10 years younger than me. Plus I still squeeze plenty of sweat out of my helmet. Old school acoustic rides not wrong and E-bikes are not wrong. It’s all just mountain biking. ⚡️🤘
Like always great video. If I ever get a e bike I will let you know. lol
to anyone that could help, i have a  26in hardtail bmx style frame that i wanna turn into a simple mountain bike. my rear dropouts are about 130mm and i wanted to put a 9 or 10 speed on it with disc breaks. im pretty new to mountain biking so i really dont know that much when it comes to hubs and spacing back there. i guess what im trying to say, is it even possible to put a 9 or 10 speed disc break on 130mm? and is qr strong that i can do jumps with? sorry if its a dumb question but like i said im new and wanna try to save my frame and give it a new chapter of life
WNC needs to get with the times..
Get back to me when you're 66 and ride the rockies.
EVAN MTB SAGA?????????????????????
I’m annoyed seeing them on the trails where it specifically says, ‘No Motorized Vehicles’
I was just like you until I did my research on the Specialized Turbo Levo software and smart control.  I am 63 years old and been cycling since college.  The heart rate control feature on the turbo levo has  changed my entire strategy.  I set it to 135 and the bike will only provided assistance when my HR exceeds that setting.  I am now much stronger rider on all my bikes.  All the bozo's  who purchased a Peloton are sitting inside and I am getting the full training while ride my bike outside.  If your riding a bike for fitness use the technology to get stronger!  The other point you are missing is e bikes like a cadence of 80 to be in the sweet spot.  Now on my road bike I have increased my cadence as a result of the e bike.
I'm 60, and was 260 lb at the beginning of the year. Age and weight had taken its toll, it was too painful to ride my regular bike. It was a downward spiral. Now, 10 months in in 220 and steadily falling, and doing more on my e-bike than when I was younger. I still have my pedal trail bike and now I can enjoy riding it again,
My wife tried an ebike, I found her on the side of the trail stuck under the bike lol
To think you can't get as much of a work out on an emtb if you want is ridiculous. Try hauling one up at speed in the lowest power assist settings. Ride until your legs are shot and your lungs are burning then power up and cruise home 👌🏻
Because I'm not feeble.
Great video! Thanks for sharing a balanced perspective on e-bikes.   In my case, I'm almost 60, and ride cross country, sometimes quite rough, with technical climbing on loose rocks in very humid and hot weather.  I've tried e-bikes.   I'm a purist who used a single speed, rigid MTB on the same trails I still ride for five years (and was very reluctant to get a geared hardtail).   I can't allow my fitness to deteriorate further by making climbing easier.   So, e-bikes, motorcycles or ez-bikes are not for me.   I prefer to stay fit, work the uphill on my geared hardtail and enjoy the accomplishment.   For those who are well served by an e-bike, and/ or using them means that they can ride, welcome 🤗  May all be well and stay united as MTB riders regardless of energy sources😊
You're missing a real biggie! You turn off the E, pedal for miles until you can't pedal anymore, then turn on the E and it will get you home rested.
If the assist was linked to the riders HR and used my Garmin along with the uploaded course for a perfect workout then I would get to ride any trail and always get a balanced workout. That might be pretty cool but I kind of like the struggle of using my non-powered mtb.
Please link me to electronic posts and electronic shifting videos you've made. I never knew these things existed.
I will say it for you…if you are an able bodied person with no health or physical hindrances you should not be on an e-bike.  It’s worse when I see youngsters on e-bikes…so ridiculous.
Dude - don’t ride TOWARDS the rhino. 🤷‍♂️
At 63, the e-bike could get me over those uphill rock gardens that always seem to kick my a$$.  But I'm still stubborn and would rather fail trying to conquer tough features.  Cycling is just a great way to stay healthy.
Cool rhino
I mostly ride them because I got chronic fatigue syndrome when I was 27 and could no longer pedal a regular bike, I was usually more into road bikes or gravel bike style of casual riding though so when I got e-bike I naturally started to do more true off road like going straight over a corn field that has just been harvested. Its not the same as what these pro e-MTB people do though which is highly technically skilled. I think if you gave most people one of these expensive E-MTBs they wouldnt know what to do with it because they didn't do all that crazy stuff on the expensive MTB.
The truth is, I ride my ebike where they aren't technically allowed and I don't care because these laws are dumb and barely anyone cares anymore.
E-bikes are cheating.  Then again, derailleurs are cheating too haha.  I keep bikes literally forever.  I don't shred trails anymore, about all my riding is road/rail trails and I don't see an E-Bike made today still being good in 20 more years, when I will still probably be riding bikes made before I was even born....  But, if I decided to go a bit more "car free" for commuting, yeah I could see the advantage of an E-Bike.  Arrive less sweaty to work.
nice!
Lol, you’re getting an e-bike…
i havve a borsch gen 2 motor withh a chip in it now it goes 60+
Personally I hate to see human-powered sports like biking go the motorized route. The wussification of the world continues.
Extra use case pertaining to Seth: using the ebike to tow your kids to the top of the flow line with a kid tow rig like a Towee
One of my bikes is a turbo levo comp and I love it!  The EMTB has helped me bring my riding skills to another level by riding at higher speeds, climbing sections that on my regular MTB I don’t clean and riding more miles per day.  I have shoes for special circumstances, skis for different conditions, and a MTB for how I want my ride to be….all good!
I just don’t understand why they still have pedals…😂
But why do you never use a mud guard
Lot of people tend to think e-bikes are "cheating".  Did we agree to a race? The only person you can cheat if you ride recreationally is yourself. You can pedal an e-bike as hard as you want. It CAN be easier if you want it to be, but it can also be exactly as hard as riding your regular old whip is.   Again, you can pedal it as hard as you want to. I'm a big guy, I float between about 230 and 270 pounds depending on how hard I am riding. Where I live, in Oregon, riding up trail is absolutely brutal for someone my size. So here is a side benefit of an emtb. It's like a band for doing pull ups. If you can't do a pull up, you might use a band to give you a little bit of a self spot. Eventually, you can do 1 pull up unassisted. Then you can do 2, before you know it, you can do 10-15-20 unassisted. An emtb can be used exactly the same way. Jump on the emtb, dial in the power profile so the bike is giving you JUST enough oompf that you don't go anaerobic and blow up on every single punchy climb. Do that for a few months, and then jump on your daily rider, and all of a sudden, you're riding up a trail you had to walk significant parts of before.  Grinding 300 watts on an hour long climb on a hard tail or a regular old full squish on one lap, is the same as grinding 300 watts up that same climb twice because it takes you 30 minutes to do instead. Sure, you can slap it in boost or trail or whatever, and then soft pedal, but that says more about you than it does about the bike. Like anything, it's a tool. If you want to use it for fitness, you can. If you want to use it because you don't like the pain cave? That's cool too. Me? I'll be blasting up hill flat out, dying inside, and loving the pain cave, but also loving the fact I can do two laps instead of one, before I need to go have a lie down :)  Lighter people might not understand this, but, I tend to get a better workout on my heckler than I do on my honzo. The reason is pretty simple if you think about it. There isn't much leeway in terms of taking your foot off the gas when you're 270 pounds and climbing 2,000 feet in 4 miles. It's pretty much all gas, no brakes the whole way up, and by the time you get to the top, you're absolutely blasted. You want, no, you NEED a nap :) With the ebike, I'm still smashing uphill, but I have the wiggle room to take the foot off the gas a bit so I don't blow up. That means I can get in more cardio at say, 2 hours at 80% threshold, instead of 1 hour at 90+% threshold.
I understand "punishment" thing, but still want emtb. Why? I usually go on a 3 hour up-down session (average trail lenght 800m), but as hours passing I feel less and less capable during descent. I just use so much energy for an ascent. That's where emtb shines. It allowes ride much longer on descents, by preserving the energy.
I prefer using name "analog mountain bike" than "normal mountain bike" :)
I love when serious ridders come together and make the law they are allowed or they are not. No stinking emotions are needed.
why get an ebike when you’re blessed with power legs? I’m one who is not, nor do I care if I get looked down on for having one. I don’t have one but want it for our local trail with U shaped dips and climbs.
U don't need it
It’s a bike with a motor.
eBike = More miles more smiles.   Maybe less time talking about riding and more riding?
Ok Fred, why don’t you do a video on why you don’t own a wheelchair.
That rhino is at the top of the bush push! That must be a nice e bike climb. I killed that climb on my full suspension fat bike!
crazy to me that a $6500 bike is not shocking Jesus that's nuts
In fact my heart rate is higher when I´m riding my E.
With a lot of metal plates holding my foot/legs together, the e-bike has provided me the ability to ride for hours. When I was rocking my old hardtail, I could only manage about an hour before I started making mistakes due to foot swelling and old injuries making their presence known. I love em man. Got a short video of me breaking my ribs on my channel from a few years ago that's worth a good chuckle.
You are too young for an EMTB. I didn't get my SL until I was 72 YO. Help us open all mmtn bike trails to SL EMTBs !
New to mountain biking this year. Got a place in Western NC last year. Saw you were in that area. I tried Cherokee trails. Drove by Tsali. Cherokee was tough. I'm a big guy. Looking forward to mountain biking other places in NC. Thanks for the videos.
Try a light wieght E moto like a surron or Talaria sting on OHV trails not mtb trails ofcourse
I own all acoustic bikes at 50 years old and I will wait until I MUST own an eMTB.  That said they are AWESOME to rent when you are traveling for work and you want to cover as much ground as possible in a couple of days.  I just returned from Boise, ID and I had a blast on the Specialized Levo Carbon (a big bike), that was quite heavy, but had a darn good range. I climbed 3400 feet and returned back to my hotel 29 miles later on an empty battery. It limits the trails you can ride dramatically in Boise, though. I ended up poaching Dry Creek trail and only had one Karen-hiker give me a hard time.  I say rent 'em for a while, play, and don't invest in it until you REALLY need it.
Battery bikes are great I think for commuting to work locally.
Do you have a half-bike? If so, you have a trike 😂
I recommend that anyone who turns their nose up at eBikes go rent one sometime.  I still have no interest in owning one anytime soon, but I do appreciate them now as a great way to explore new territory on vacation when I want to cover more ground and don't know the routes well enough to plan a just-right day.  In that circumstance a little bit of cheating is just right.  And having a motor is always fun, even if it's now always what you want.
One additional benefit of riding an eBike is that it will preserve your body to an extent and extend the time you are able to ride a regular mountain bike. There really is a limited amount of wear and tear that your body can take. Some of it comes from the roughness of a trail, but some comes from really exerting yourself to your limits. I think a mix would be good. I'm nearing 60 and still have those invincibility moments, but they're fairly rare these days! What I feel like I've learned *and* come to accept is that we have an incredibly strong attachment to the physical aspects of youth, and it can actually work against you in the long run. I would say it's better to add an eBike to the mix before you feel like you *need* an eBike. This is probably even more true for a youtuber with an inside line on bike equipment.
No pedalling, no point.  A lot of e-bike excusers here making ridiculous arguments.
Most of the time when you climb on an ebike you get to the top so quickly you barely have time to get out of breath. Trick to maintaining cardio is to find longer and steeper climbs, do longer loops with more hills or just do multiple laps of your regular loops and put in my max effort at all times. Do this and do maybe one 'acoustic' bike ride ever couple of weeks with climbs and sprints and you'll barely lose any of your cardio but you'll get 3, 4, 5 (or more) times as much descending in be as you used to. Plus when you ride your DH bike at the park it feels like a racing bmx with the weight difference to the eeb. Best part is the sheer amount of ground I can cover and all the mountains I've been able to climb since I got one without being out all day long from dawn til dusk and being dead the next day.
ebikes are for old people
I would love to get an E-Bike, they're just too expensive still.  It would be hard for me to justify say, 1500-2000 dollars for a decent mountain bike that's a step up from entry level (entry level I think is a rip-off and you're better off going used or upgrading a wal-mart bike), but when you add the electric motor 1500-2000 dollars seems a LOT more reasonable, because you're getting a lot more for your money.  You're not getting a fancier version of a thing that costs 300 bucks at walmart and paying an extra 1-2 thousand for it... you're getting a VEHICLE, a machine, something that - personally, at 36 and not in great shape anymore, with kids, without a lot of time - would get me out on my bike a lot more often, because instead of having to spend so much time training and getting in shape just to do basic rides, I could instantly start having fun any time I wanted to ride it.  That's a huge plus for normies.  I already know how to ride fairly well from when I was younger, but now my fitness just isn't there.  But give me an E-Bike, and I'm back at it again like I was 20.  That's worth 2k, but a fancy mountain bike is not, when I could get one for 400.
TLDR: He likes the struggle.
I live up a big steep hill, its way too difficult to bike up the hill, and it just sucks to walk the bike up that hill, so the only time I could take  bike ride, I would have put the bike in the car, and drive to go for a bike ride, which was just enough hassle that I would not go for rides. The ebike helps me deal wiht the place where I live. Ive built a few custom ebikes, and factory bikes, and I dont like the pedal assist, but I do like the throttle type input. There is actually a huge range of ebikes, some even go freeway speeds. Its worth trying a few different types to see what you like or dont like before buying.
Flash forward 15 to 20 years into the future, he'll be 60 something saying darnit why didn't I get an eBike when they weren't as expensive as a used car!
I use my hard tail emtb to explore big trails like the back 40 or tunnel vision. It is a lot of fun because doing this on an analog bike for me personally would be an all day thing- also as you mentioned it’s nice for days you just want to session stuff. As long as you balance your rotation and keep riding your regular bikes it’s worthy to have in your fleet.
I have nerve damage from power lifting accidents and football injuries. Specifically in my spine. So, the only way for my body to let me even do some working out. Is when I am using my Turbo Levo eBike. Lucky enough my trails let me use it out here. But don't look down on eBikes and think we're lazy. Some of us have no other choice.
Interesting. Since I have an eBike I go riding at least 10x as often as before. It is way more fun. I go places I wouldn't go before, either because I didn't have the time, or because I didn't have the condition. About not pedaling as hard: yes, this can happen. I know people who always put it in Turbo. But as long as you use one of the lower settings (Eco or Tour) you will do some pedaling on your own - and this will be definitely more than before. Maybe not as exhausting, but still more. Don't think this is so bad.
I want both
I PAUSED ILL TRY TO GUESS IN ADVANCE! Weight, mainly? And not even offering thaaat much extra range¿ I guess unless its for someone who regularly goes 50+ miles at a time, my way of thinking.  I havent tried electric tho, looking forward to hearing all ur thoughts about this.  All I have currently is a pseudo smol trail-ish bike, or like a almost exactly dirt jumper sized 26" boi but with dual disks and a one by. Does it all for me... I still keep delaying upgrading from that stock SR Suntour xD I like really want to, but am also not pressured to, Im rly a very casual rider especially lately, meh!!!
Mega mind thumbnail
Not all all surprised by the many ebike haters in NC, a state known for its slow progression in the acceptance department
I use a cheap ebike because my town is full of hills and I am lazy. It's not some sort of statement, mostly just that I'm not allowed to store a 50cc scooter in the building but ebikes are AoK.
My battery puts out more watts and lasts longer. Love the concept of ebikes though
i think the same way i ride normal bikes an i tryed e-bkes and its okay 4 not sporty peopils but for my self makes no sense on the flat i ride wit my Gravelbike/MTB  and overtake everyone on the flat whit ther E-Bikes  my avarage speed is betwien 23-30Kp/h an i ride only one day peer week
Synthwave montage :)
I'm living remotely in the swiss mountains, having to ride a trail to work every other day. A gnarly one too... I could'nt be happier with my custom ExE!! I think its really the first e-bike that deserves the name mtb... Still i'm going to get a good old bikepark bike for next summer. A Raaw Madonna V3 i'm thinking. Happy wheels! :)
I really thought I would continue using my grunt power bike after I bought the ebike.  And for a couple of weeks, I did.  But when I go into the garage, it's hard to pass on the ebike for the day.  But, I find I'm not only choosing the ebike over the mountain bike, I'm choosing the ebike over my car.  Unless I have a very long trip or have to carry some kind of large cargo, I take the ebike for appointments and errands.  My ebike has truly become my primary transportation.
Like saying why do we drive cars when we have legs to walk! People like technology we live once on earth never knowing how long we get we should try all things
Hey I am enjoy my E bike I don't care what the people say. I have a Marin alpine trail E1 and I love it.
I have no time to train hard, so I do less km but that is the point: I like hard climbs and are challenging and even with not as fit as in the pass I still like. Sometimes succes sometimes not, but a ebike will ruin that experience. 💪
What an honest video! Great!❤
I guess I’m so out of shape that I’m always putting out 100% effort , e-bike or not 😁
Not allowing them in places is just stupid. Is just like when snowboarding started people don’t want change
You will rush out and get one… 😜
Makes me laugh. It reminds me about people having a bad attitude towards snowboarding 30 years ago. Here in the U.K. restricted to 16 mph assistance e-bikes are allowed everywhere and everyone gets on. Personally I found that I do more and get out more on my ebike + there’s a strange side benefit, I’ll cycle 10 miles or so on road to the trail centre and then cycle back, something that would be super miserable on a flint stone enduro bike.
Lol.    Interesting.   I made the switch and have now sold all my Amish bikes.   Im 100% all in on the EMTBs.  Im also 48.
I'll bet you drive a car everyday to work but somehow an ebike is taboo😂
Dont like of the shelf e bikes as i like the weight of battery in back pack, so much better heavy bikes suck
No ebike? Your problem, not mine !
I think the pet lizard and my expensive hardtails are better ha ha .
E bikes are for disabled people and I think that not everybody needs to be able to get to each place. When you are not fit, get fitter. And when you are not able to get fitter, that is the way it is. Kids do not need to get a motorized bike to ride to places they would not be able otherwise. I think the same should apply to adults.
I still have a beautiful DIAMONDBACK Sand Streak from the mid 90s...I took it to Wooden Wheels, a local bike shop.  They said my Candy Apple Red bike should be mounted on a wall somewhere... She's a beauty.  This summer I bought a Dark Navy Trek Marlin 7.  I like riding both.  But the E-Bikes... I'm not looking to rush out and Spend that kind of $.  The two bikes I have satisfy me.  The DB is limited to a 5 speed setup, but I find it works well enough for most inclines. My Marlin 7 is very nice & I could have gone for a Hybrid style bike, but I like the tires, & front shox.  😊 I like your channel... Need more Bulldog 😅
Hi you haven't ridden an ebike enough to come to make any comments, do you still have a horse and cart
E bikes should be for handicapped people, or elderly…..if you’re below 60, no ebike for you.  The point of the bike is to get exercise, without using fuel….ebikes use too much raw materials for batteries and motors….and you get LESS exercise.  Say NO to an ebike.  Unless you’re lazy.
I have an e-mountainbike with gravebike tyres, even with the skinny tyres it goes over roots and rocks no problem, it's the ability to explore though, I do different kinds of rides on the e-bike to the other bikes, I like hill climbing on an e-bike, going up steep grades with difficult terrain, it still gets you sweating- different kind of fun trying to blast up that really steep muddy hill while keeping the back from sliding out! Plus you just go to areas off the beaten path that would be very hard to reach on a normal bike! It is a completely different activity from mountain biking, and from dirt biking- prefer it to dirtbiking, get to enjoy the tranquility and I can still challenge myself physically!
I didn’t watch the video but hopefully the answer is you’re not old enough yet and/or not injured or otherwise actually unable physically
isnt the answer pretty straight forward... waiting for a sponsor to send me an ebike
cos youre not 60yo yet, ill surely get an ebike when i turn 60 or just too lazy to pedal a hillclimb
Hello! Your video was taken very well! I am a bicycle accessory manufacturer. Can I collaborate with you to sell products? If possible, you will also have a decent income. Looking forward to working with you!
Runners say, "why are you on that safety bicycle." Answer: Efficiency. I can go further than you with the same energy output. Safety cyclists say, "why are you on that electric bicycle?" Answer: Efficiency. I can go further than you with the same energy output. Why is this a difficult concept? I own 5 bicycles, 1 tadpole trike, and 1 ebike. Ebike gets very little usage but if I'm trying to keep-up with friends on a long ride, or want to go a rather long distance without making it a sweaty mess, ebike. I find most people don't care. If you don't have one it's probably because you don't video the climbs as much as the docents ;)
Got a new Mtb for my 50th, saving an e-bike for my 70th!
I am 63 and do up to 60 kilometres of hard riding in hilly terrain. Unless somebody has a physical incapacitation, there is no excuse for “needing” an e bike. You too slack to get fit and power your ride with your own effort, well then, buy a proper dirt motorcycle. Not to mention, the idiotic price of an e bike compared to a real dirt bike shows how the bicycle industry is ripping off consumers.
Hey there, yes, your video is very entertaining and informative.  Your attitude is refreshing, Thank you!   Funny , I bought a Sondors rockstar e-bike and went out with my wife who has a very nice conventional mountain bike. I ended up letting her ride my bike all day, cause I was having such a great time riding her bike, I really enjoyed the complete self powered aspect of it that day, and engaging my core. It’s a completely different experience. I still absolutely love my E bike. It’s pretty incredible, negotiating just about any type of terrain with it!
There are some ebike riders who act triumphant when they pass on a climb.   Hmmm.
My riding buddy got an ebike and I'm getting more benefits than him.  Go figure.
I will never own an e-bike for bikepacking, adventure riding, trails or even commuting etc. I have considered something like the Skid Loader specifically to use to become more car-lite for the specific tasks that would just not be practical on any of my real bikes, though.
They are a great training tool, especially for downhill riders who don’t have an uplift service or gondola, every professional downhill rider I know here in the UK use an e-bike for training, you can get 4 or 5 descents in on one day. It’s there go to bike.
I am a 70 year old guy who's been riding bicycles his whole life. I have to be honest and admit that I have ragged on e-bikes for a while now. That stems from some bad experiences with some reckless kids on their e-bikes. I currently have no desire to get an e- bike but that could change if I ever become too old and decrepit or disabled for some reason. Personally, I just need to get over my dislike for e-bikes and other electric motor driven devices. The world changes. That is just reality. Right now the world is going through some growing pains with all of these devices and it will be interesting to see how things play out over the next 10 years or so. Thanks for the video.
Yes my Friend... You will have one very soon!  Thanks for showing all the nuts and bolts of such an interesting ride.  Congrats Berm.  a.s.
Not a fan of e-bikes….rather have a dirt bike. Mountain bikes and dirt bikes are the best man. Great video Seth 👍👍
I have zero problem with any responsible and respectful rider of any bike... but I have encountered e riders at places like chestnut that were climbing to ladybird and ran up on me really fast... and I mean fast. They didn't bother to announce themselves and startled me significantly enough that I lost it trying to not lose it.
I want to replace car trips. Ebikes are critical to that where I live.
Ill be jumping on ebike train in 4-5 years when ill be closer to my 50s  and in that time more bikes should have Fazua motors already (or something other/equivalent).
its more fun for me specailly a light fuel exe, its 3 hours of ride without geetting totaly exhausted
I won't get an e-bike until I can no longer crank the pedals with my legs alone and that will be many years from now because I've been riding my entire life (and I'm 73 now).
Ebikes are great.
I think you summed it up without actually saying the word:  “I don’t have one because I don’t NEED one”.  For fitness, you need time at target heart rate/power.  How far you travel in that time is irrelevant.  Personally, I don’t want to have to worry about how much help a motor is giving me to keep track of my effort and fitness.  So until I physically can’t get up the hills I do right now, I won’t get one.  Big waste of money for minimal/no benefit for my situation.
The answer is simple: there’s nothing like the simple joy of riding a bike.
Its not mountain biking it's motor biking
A motor is a motor gas or electric.   My moto friends built all my favorite trails then got kicked out by the MTB mafia.  If you allow E you need to allow E dirt bikes and motor bikes
Ebikes are for tourists, athletes want to keep the sport pure.  You wouldn't take a winch lift at the gym.
dude.. you can always put a mid drive e-bike kit on every mountainbike you have. :)
It's best to convince your friend to get an e-bike and have them tow you up the hill. Then you still get to ride a lightweight, fun bike on the downhills. 😅
I love my levo comp 2022, i use it to commute during hard winter month, then when the beautiful weather come back my a55 isn't sore and i'm still pretty fit !! I wouldn't really ride it if there was no winter tho, used it in mountains couple of time but is too fast to ride with friends 😂
Count me as an older rider who loves my eMTB.  Game changer for me.  Been riding eMTB going on three years now. My nice analog bike is sitting in the garage with flat tires.
Best thing i did was convert my Ferrari mbx to electric.
I own a Catrike Expedition which I use for my exercise and for Ziwft. Our Aventon Abound is perfect for quick trips around town. My  trike is great for really long distances that an ebike isn't great for. If you want to figure out if you're getting exercise, measure it. Use a ekg heart rate sensor and look at your heart rate. If you're well over your resting heart rate, you're getting exercise.
E-bikes as not bikes. They are their own thing. Not a bike or a motorcycle. Neither fish nor foul. Not intrinsically bad but not a bike per se. Someday, God willing far in the future I’ll benefit from one in my old age but for the foreseeable future I shun them.
Cheers. agree with everything
E-biike or not. Something tells me that you don't need an E-bike. Myself on the other hand I NEED an E-bike. I need to pull an Trailer of 35kg. And when it's loaded it weighs 95kg. For that I need the E-bike. Without I'm not strong enough to pull it. And on a long trip I need it to finish the trip. At my regular bike I can go a distance of 75km. On my E-bike I can go 110km. And with a strong headwind I can get moving with my E-bike. I still riding my regular bike but, An E-bike will make it more easy for me. And I don't have to worry about if I would make it or not.
I really wish these companies would enter a better price point for people I think it would catch on much more quickly... I mean you could do half price of a bike if they refurbished it and still make a lot of money. 💯💯
You are Seth's bike hacks. The og... Other than Sam Pilgrim. It's okay to eeeeeeb it every once in awhile nobody's going to hate you. 😂👍
I'm really liking my Rochhopper/Bafang mid drive. It's life changing for an older guy like me. Good video.
I'm 66 with rebuilt knees and spent far too long on my getting fatter butt. I started riding a MTB 4 months ago because I couldn't ride my vintage road bike. (Bought a Walmart BSO) I'm doing this for health. An Ebike wasn't even a factor in the equation. So far, riding every single day, I've only dropped a few pounds. But I've lost 3" of waistline and am able to do flights of stairs without sounding like a steam engine on a hill.
An e-bike gives me the ability to explore any trail without hesitation. Or ride those trails I felt didn’t have enough fun factor for the amount of effort that went into them. Flat trails are more fun. I ride longer and more often. The only downside is people on YouTube trying to tell me it’s not as great as it is…and failing miserably 😂
As the proud inheritor of a 1980s Marin rigid mountain bike, I despise electric bicycles.
E bikes are the future. People need to get over their ego and stop fighting it. They are not going to ban regular bikes. It's going to be ok.
How to ask for an e-bike without asking for an e-bike
"acoustic" mountain bike > e-bikes
That is all so true. I love my mtb, ive only been riding a year and hace a hard tail and full sus, love them both, in less than a year im so much more fit and people comment all the time how much weight ive lost.  That and i think they're very restrictive, where i live on a standard ride i have to lift my bike over several styles, this just wouldnt be happening with an e bike
I can't speak about MTB stuff at all, but as someone who rides for transportation in a pretty hilly area, the ebike has been magical! I don't get into throttles, and only ride ebikes with pedal assist that cuts off at either 16 or 20mph. An e-cargo bike has replaced a car, so we're down to just one, and a Brompton Electric helps me get 10 miles to work without being super sweaty when I get there. Though I usually commute on a regular touring or light touring bike, having the ebike option is a great hill-killer when the priority is something other than fitness.
I don't have one because they are overpriced,  I can buy a real motorcycle for just a couple grand more and even a street legal one .
I have seen some ebikes on the trails in DuPont, gets inexperienced riders in over their heads. Climbed up Cedar Rock then pure sketch going down the other side.
I like this video. You're coming from a place of at least quasi-indifference. Not bringing bias to the experiment really created a more relatable analysis of the topic.  I prefer non-assisted bikes but I went to Pisgah last year and felt like an ass because the LBS group ride I was with was way more conditioned than me. My buddies were riding e-bikes (yeah, they aren't allowed but the locals don't seem to actually care) and I was lagging by 10+ minutes at each of the rest/stop/regroup points. I felt bad that I was holding up the group. The fact that Polygon has one for $3500 has got me interested in them, now.
im broke
imagine missing a leg and starting a forest fire because someone's stupid E-bike blew up on the trail.
I think e-bikes for older folk and those with other issues that would otherwise exclude them from riding BUT their still motorbikes!
They make the most sense in big mountain terrain.
get one ;-) the rest of your fleet will start collecting dust trust me ;-) unless of course you are forced to ride them for content.
Hello Seth! Hope you can do a review on MTBs with internal gear hubs like Rohloff, Shimano Alfine, Kindernay, and the likes. Thanks in advance!
The TQ HPR50 suits the purist
As someone who has tried multiple e-mtb's, I have to say I am absolutely sold from a riding standpoint and I absolutely love them, but my issues come from a maintenance standpoint due to the issues of drivetrain wear, more expensive servicing and charging the battery, as well as having an odometer. No other bike is tracking how much you ride it and is something people think about when purchasing it second hand.
You are SO right!!
Yeah sure you won't get one i borrowed one in 2019 from my local bike shop two weeks later i got one now im on my second bike bike, best mtb I've ever had
Would really like an ebike but think you should buck the trend and buy a downhill bike…… and a lizard!
About the fitness argument: I live near a trail where you can either pedal up (takes about 35 min with a normal bike) or you take a 5 min train ride. With the ebike I always pedal up. Without it, no thanks.  So in that case I do mor for m fitnesslevel with the ebike. If you just replace your normal ride with an ebike its obviously less of a workout.
Money
I was against having an ebike for long, years, until decided to have a go when price dropped to 3k for sc. real ebike (EP8). The best decision ever. I can do all the things and more i did with "real" bike. It is heavy and that feeling after 1500km is still there but upsides compensate that. I have had the most exhausting cardio ever had with it and i still ride home happily, not overly exhausted. I have gained confidence on jumping with it because of stability and ridden the hell out of it, over the line once actually but thats another story... But i just love it and still have other "real" 2 bikes but not ridden them even once. Tried one time and it felt awkward and put it back to storage. I get more useful cardio when hr is easily kept below anaerobic threshold.
The prices is the main problem for us in South Africa. 4 or 5 months full income.
Personally, what's so great about having an E-Bike while weight lifting 5 days a week, is that when I want to change up my leg workouts, etc., I can hop on my E-Bike and change the difficulty level of my workout on the fly, going from 1st to 12th gear, and/or higher/lower pedal assist; this allows me to essentially do workout "sets" on my long rides going up and down mountains. Another huge benefit is if you've already destroyed your legs that week, you can cruise around and take it easy on your E-Bike (it's also allowed my partner to follow along). There are a thousand use cases for them, and people who have a problem with them and/or actively regulate against them are narcissistic nut-job elitists.  I live in WNC as well, Asheville area, and it's absolutely DISSAPOINTING seeing how little support there is for E-Bikes. I don't even go on trails out of worry I'll be haggled by some mouth breather or pencil pusher because the rules are either grey or flat out say NO E-Bikes. It's time for people to grow up, tired of everyone dividing each other into faux categories.
Inclusive? STHU
I quitted commuting on my bike because it was uphill when i returned home after 8 hours at work in 2nd or night shift. Im not blaming anyone, but its easy to be sportive when you are not already tired. Ive got a good e-bike and now its alot easy, in fact its more easy uphill then downhill because i control the bike better.
Part of the reason I mountain bike is for the workout. I like it. E bikes defeat that purpose for me so ill stick to pedaling. No judgement, I dont hate ebikes. I just hate when people brag about how many kms or vertical climb they have done on it.
As I get older i acknowledge that I will need an e-bike in my twilight years.
Nice way to chronicle the evolution of your thinking thoughout the day.  Have you heard of MAF training?  I'm sold on it as a 60 year old endurance athlete and the emtb keeps me in that zone while still riding at a speed I'm having fun.  If I use my mtb I find myself riding very slow now to stay in that zone.  This may be my older self talking but I've had too many friends now I grew up riding/racing with that are having heart problems (or worse "had" heart problems).  Eventually, I think, threshold + use of the heart takes its toll.  True or not, I feel really good taking the emtb for 1-3 hours of a Zone 2- emtb party.
It has made me a better rider (skill wise) as you are almost constantly going faster, so you learn to ride fast. It allows me to do a 40 mile MTB "recovery ride" between my had analog bike rides. It is a great help getting out to do trail maintenance and carry extra gear and not be flogged by the time you get to your work area. If you do want a good workout, that is easy, just ride hard and fast with other eBikers..... Oh, yeah.... and it is ear to ear grinning FUN. Just another tool in my quiver 🙂
regardless of the bike you ride you still a little dweeby. in a good way. ish.
When I had the electric assist motor on my bike, there were times I wouldn't even pedal when I. knew I should have been. obviously I had a throttle
Seth. me personally I feel like running a regular bike keeps me Honest. and I first built my Cardio bike which is my only bike meant to be heavy to get me a better workout, but I built it with an electric assist motor to begin with and promptly removed it because I felt like I was no longer working out like I did Previously. I still have that$1000 set up sitting in my workshop. Now I have pinion 9 speed C class on my Completely custom. high cardio trIke.
Why don't you own a Onewheel either? Thx for the video!
E bikes are for special people.... 😂😂😂😂
Ebikes are cool but I like my mtbikes to have ZERO electronics when riding in woods.  An analog and very basic experience.  Just my thing. I really dont want to have to plug in my bicycle.
I have an ebike, but it was specifically for commuting. The thing about the ebike is it is lackluster. Doesnt give you the thrill you get when you have to give 100% of your effort into not only steering, but controlling and gaining or maintaining forward motion. To me the biggest thing is it feels fragile and if it breaks, it most will cost a lot more to fix. Specific parts are hard to find, but getting easier. The hazzards with the battery like fire and such. The weight to work on it or ride/carry if the battery drains enough to use it. The batteries need replaced every few years. Seem to get at least 10x flats. Harder on the brakes and braking systems. Harder on the drivetrains (excluding hub motor).  Diagnostics when you have an electrical issue can be frustrating. Just more to maintaining an ebike than there is in maintaining an "analog" bike.
Every bike in Germany seems to be one. Noticed more people on bikes then in past, so that’s a bonus
Even if I would I'd never park it inside my flat/house. Have seen a number with their batteries failing and just suddenly catching on fire and not even plugged. Don't you own an E-Truck?, install a camera above your place were your EV truck's nearly parked just for safety.
Good on you for keeping an open mind and glad you enjoyed it.  I’m going to be 73 and if it wasn’t for my  EBike I would not be enjoying the trails and mountains not to mention being able to do it with my son.
An analog bike!
There is no victory with an ebike
Awesome video Seth! I usually get more of a workout on my ebike because I goto the top 3x instead of 1 in the same amount of time, and I’m pinning it to cover this much ground. It’s the ultimate training tool for skill building, accessing more remote zones, and a big workout if you use it right. It’s all in the user, but I do agree it is easy to be tempted into laziness haha when you can get to the top of a big climb quickly and easily and you just want a good downhill.
Pretty much every facet of human life used to require fitness. Mountain biking is no different than anything else. The anti e-bike people are fighting a losing battle. They will be the minority very soon.
You said it so good!   I’m a terrible example of a mountain biker, my only functioning bike is a demo 8… that’s never seen a dirt trail, buttt riding with a 5 year old it’s fine.. and fun for drops and stairs in a small town 😂
No bmx?
I bought the canyon torque on cf8 two months ago it is amazing. I've been riding acoustic mtbs for 20 years. Some places it excels, you can ride trails in 100 degree weather without heat stroke. After work rides during the week, I can do 15 mile rides in an hour and a half,easy. If your beat from regular rides you can do recovery rides.
My main problem with e-bikes, is when new people get into mountain biking and get them and don't have any trail etiquette and then have the ability to pass you but no no how to do so correctly.
Now we need a video on why you don't have a pet lizard 😂
Thanks for sharing Seth!  We actually got my wife an EMtb a couple years back, she has a spinal cord stimulator due to a neurological condition, the EMtb (Liv Intrigue E+) allows her to join me on rides and feel comfortable due to the 29" tires, full suspension and the power assist from it being Electric.  For the trails in NC, are we sure it's "all" EMTB's?   There are different classes of them and I know some places will designate certain classes of EMTB's to be illegal (the ones set up like a dirt bike, throttle assist types vs. what you were riding which was pedal assist).
Nope
as someone who could afford both an e-bike and/or a classic bike, AND as someone who is fat and out of shape, i dont see it as you leaving out a part of of the audience. discriminating against someone. Or ignoring a part of "the sport". regardless of what 2 wheels you buy, you can do the same stuff. Your viewers (a majority) arent explicitly watching you so they can fly out to NC to ride those exact same trails. were watching for the ideas, thoughts, and sport of mountain biking.
Switch bike ad came up as soon as i clicked on your video haga
Because no one has given you one yet. You'll get one now.
You're not excluding anyone by not featuring an ebike.  Honestly, it's just riding a bike, the experience is the same, it's just less physically taxing.  So whether you need the assist to be able to ride, or you just like not having to pedal as hard, it's still riding a bike.  It only gets weird when people start judging those who ride one.  Riders are generally pretty chill, no need for the hate!  If I ever can't ride safely without an assist (I'm 53 now so it's coming someday) then I won't hesitate to get one.  They're allowed on the public trails here in North Georgia.
Well, you can take them to national parks, they are allowed where analog bikes are allowed. These are mobility devices for people who are disabled, or handicapped.  So, if the area is public, open to bikes and you get stopped. The officer can write a ticket in most cases they won’t because it will be dismissed in court. Make sure you tell them it’s your mobility device! They legally can’t ask you about your handicap issues. E-bikes range 40-50lbs, and can range 30-60 miles+. A lot of riders are cross training between them to increase their endurance. As a Veteran and being older the e-bike keeps me on the trail.  Like anything ride responsibly.
Well presented as always.  So funny to see the wheels turning and you starting to consider new possibilities... lol!
Great video. I thought I'd tap out 30 seconds in, but good on ya - you nailed the internal discussion perfectly. And let me assure you: you *will* end up with an ebike.
tldr; e-bikes are for old people, Seth is getting older but not quite there yet
If you like doing bike reviews get an e bike because that is the way things are going and it will get me to watch your post but because i only ride an e bike i guess i will not be watching your post.
You are welcome to come to the black forest. Its great with E-Bikes
I used have the same problem about e-bikes until I had a serious knee injury, and thought that’s it No mountain bike until someone said get an e-bike never looked back, and not forget stick it on the lowest setting for a good cardio work out.
I feel like this video is more for your wife.  "honey this is why im buying an ebike"
They are a hazard around the city and they catch in fire when you charge them
E bikes are rap,bicycles are meant to be human powered.
I do not want one
What is the issue with ebikes on trails in the US,  only in the US🤔🤔  4 years on ebike myself now. I love it, gf loves, son loves it dad loves it.
E's are great for those wanting to get into biking and those who are older or have limited abilities. For myself as an expert/advanced level rider I'd say they're not of much use because I need to put the effort in to keep my fitness and skill level where I want them to remain competitive.
I've heard non-e-bikes called "analog bikes"
I don’t understand - why are e-bikes banned from certain trails where you are? (And who actually enforces it and inspects the bikes to ensure compliance!?) I’m from Scotland and any bike is fine as long as it’s not an actual motorbike.  And I’d have thought with modern obesity issues that ANY bicycle use would be encouraged!
My riding has gone down and I got a fuel exe and It keeps the little bit of riding i am able to do a LOT of fun. Still get a good ride in, it feels very nimble. I'm still just as happy riding it. Just wish i could ride more. Once i can ride more, i'll go back to a regular non e-mtb
I came to the sport on an E-Bike. After 17.000km on my first, and 15.000km on my second E-Bike, I went bio power during the pandemic, and have done another 12.000km without a motor. I still have an E-Bike though, it's helpful when pulling trailers and during winter time with studded tires.
I'm 53.  I'm not injured.  I can still pedal over 5 hours in a ride no problem, tons of climbing.  This is one of the reasons I ride.  There's no f'ing way I'm getting an e-bike until I can't do that any longer and still want to ride all day.
An E-MTB is basically an electric moped. If you want a proper dirt bike (gas or electric) then go get one. Why water it down? The whole point of a bicycle is to embrace simple self-sufficient transportation that can co-exist with pedestrians and hikers and travel most places without causing a disturbance or damage. A bicycle is a bicycle, if you add a motor then it's no longer a bicycle. Making something quiet doesn't change its mission.
Your buddy "The Singletrack Sampler" made (about a moth ago) a great comparison video of riding an analog, and emtb. The truth is (also my own experience): with emtb you can have more miles (= more fun) in the same timeframe, and with the same workout. The "traditional mtb" may be better for your soul and ego though :))
You're not excluding anyone by you not owning an E-bike   If you inspire someone to ride that needs an e-bike or wants one, then that's what they'll buy
as always Seth, thoughtful and well done! thank you again!
You do not need one now, but you will as you get older, if you want to continue enjoying the trails. After 30 years of off road biking my body is suffering and I have swapped to ebikes and renewed my joy of biking.
I use mine to go work, in my city we have lots of hills and to go back home i need to climb one
Having an e-bike makes me actually go out on my bike more
The author of this video is clueless in believing you cannot get an equal workout. If you want a workout and if that’s your goal, run Eco mode or turn the motor off. You WILL get a workout climbing on a 50 pound bike!
Mopeds.
I’m in luck to own both, the acoustic and the e-bike. In the winter when the days are shorter I mostly ride an e-bike. I also do some bigger features on an ebike and it never felt like it’s a bad bike to jump. In other times of year I mostly ride acoustic bike.
My buddy rides an ebike on trails while im on a hard tail. Its insulting when I hear him say how hard that trail was. Heck its irritating when I hear how easy the trail was too. Am I old now?
Ir's funny, all my friends are now riding e-bikes and I considered it. But I realized I just have no need for one. I can ride everything I want to on my regular bikes. I like the feel of accomplishment from riding on my own power.
aint no way bro called a bicycle heavy
If people try to ride the trails you do the way you do on $400 Walmart bikes, they are taking their lives in their hands.
Why do so many of these You Tubers bike with bare hands?
Didn’t need an ebike until I was in mid fifties. For all my years cycling I was starting to find myself feeling “ill” at the end of typical MTB climbs, the long ones before all hell breaks loose downwards. The eBike has solved it. You still have to pedal, you don’t have to use full assist and you soon discover a world of technical uphill riding that floors most acoustic riders. I still bang out century rides on my road bike but you can’t deny the aging effects that will arrive. So go electric when you’re ready but don’t expect it to be easy, you just end up going further.
Cool! Glad to see you not bash the e-bike, so many haters. I'm not hitting trails but I do live on a steep hill which seemed to get steeper as I approached 50. Slapped a mid-drive on my old Cannondale & now I'm riding almost as much as I did in my 20s. I'm not sending it down mountain trails but e-bikes have saved my 2 wheel life & alow me to avoid needing my car for local errands or to find bike paths (I can now ride to & from where I want to ride:) As far as excercise. I get more excercise with an e-bike because I would barely ride analog with my knees creeking and my chest pounding & the worst hill at the end of my ride home.  I'd love to see you do an e-bike conversion. Maybe one of the big box bikes like the Ozark Trail Ridge or Kent Trouvaile (if you still have them).
Get a downhill bike first ❤
All the ebikers I've ridden with were slower than me on technical trails because of their ebike. They weren't much faster on the flats either. Some of them complain that their fitness is now crap. There are no upsides.
that first statement.." it makes you think you're in better shape than you actually are" is the point. I see articles (usually from chubby people or salesmen) talking about how ebikes give you almost the same workout that a regular bike does... and I call huge B.S. on that. Most ebike riders aren't putting out the effort, and what peddling they do is mostly inconsequential. Bikes already have gears, and are relatively easy to move... and putting a motor on a bike doesn't make you look like an athlete... it makes you look lazy.
eBikes are fine.  However this is just something about riding in October after a season of riding hard where you just feel like superman on the climbs using your own strength!  You can get a really good workout on an e-bike but many don't try as hard. At least that is my own experience.
As someone with bad knees I never thought I would ride a bike again. Thank you for being inclusive. Those who are busy being bitter calling ebike riders cheaters really need to just ride their own bikes and chill out.
This dude can't handle a 50 pound bike???? I wonder how much his wife weighs 😂😂
I didn't know you can't use e-bikes in the USA in some places.
I think a lot of e-bikes are way over powered.  I want to be able to dial in 25-75 watts of assist with maybe the need for up to 200 watts for a few seconds.  That’s all I want.  I find it very hard to get a workout in on trails at the lowest setting of power for my e-bike.  I never dial in a higher level that 1 (out of up to 5) for a supposed 250 watt motor.
So why don’t they allow e-bikes in DuPont?
Not everyone can afford a two wheeled Tesla. 😁
there not affordable for any normal person! lol.. if u think they are your very clueless about the WORLD!  its the rich very few delivery guys have a e bike worth over 3k and the others are kids of the rich and drug dealers/ their kids
I’m sipping the juice but haven’t drank it yet 🤣
the ebike Rules over in the us are weird, in germany (and all of Europe afaik) you can ride your emtb wherever you can a normal bike because they are legally normal bikes. you cant ban them. no one cares if you have one or not either. emtb is what got me back into mtb. you get used to the weight, i ride an older full power one, the previous gen of the one you gave curtis, the hardtail version of it. and i dont have any condition, i just ride for fun, exercise second.
I have a commuter e-bike to get 10 km to work because I want to get there fresh. Otherwise I want to get tired when I’m on a bike, I need to burn those calories.
MTB is so much harder as a roadie, it would be nice to have. Truth is I can’t afford one! 😂 The ones I want are as expensive as motorcycles  100% the whole point of cycling for me is mostly for fitness, and you get more fitness done on an acoustic.
You're riding a Fuel Exe, the same bike I purchased 6 months ago and now have 3700 miles on it. 40 years ago I asked myself, do I need warm water in the shower? No, but its nice to have. Now something similar happens with this emtb. Besides downhill, trail, gravel and cross country, it's my daily city bike too😁 I'm saving car gas, maintenance and depreciation cost to the point where I will break even in about 3 years.
Please, call it an electric motorcycle, because that's what it is. This assistance tech meant for old and disabled is mostly used by young able bodied people, and the silly name 'e-bike' makes it almost pass as an actual bicycle; which is an eco friendly, accessible to all, workout machine. An electric motorcycle is none of those things.
I commute on an e-bike, it's fantastic. It gets as much use as the other 10 bikes in my stable.
My knees can't take uphill torgue, that is why i bought e-bike. In eco-mode bike feels like it's a very light normal mtb, so in uphills and frontwind  i add motor power  one time i already forgot that my knees can't  take any pain in uphill and i forgot start motor again in uphill , well it remind me soon because it feel pain in knee it hit to knee as a hammer   it took 7 long years when i last time drive 2 hour with normal mtb
I live in north Georgia and ride mainly at Blankets Creek.  The e-bike riders around here have a serious problem with trail etiquette.  We need to figure out if they belong on the same trail systems as un-powered bikes.
Great video but I think you're still coming at ebikes with a traditional view. Yes they can make your ride easier but they don't have to, yes the weight can be viewed negativily but it can also be an advantage, yeah they are an equaliser for folks with lesser fitness, injuries or disabilities, but they can be used as a multiplier for those who are fit and strong. There is definitely an emerging small demographic gaining in popularity of genuinely strong and fit riders who can hold their own on a traditional MTB and are going out on an emtb and absolutely stomping on the climbs, taking every ounce of their fitness and putting it into their emtb as they would on a normal bike, they're getting to the top fast and they're as out of breath as they are on their normal MTB and then their dropping straight in and doing multiple laps with zero rest stops. I reccomend you have a ride on an ebike not with the mindset that you will take it for a cruisey day out with less work involved but for a brutal day out where you put 100% into the climbs, go hard and heavy and take no rests, I guarantee you'll be hurting the next day. Infact a video comparison of this with heartrate monitor would be very interesting😏
more ebikes! Tahnk you :)
you're getting older , but you aren't quite to the point yet where your body fails - it really takes the fun out of riding when your knee's are so bad you can't stand going up hills.... this is why i love my EMTB, you mentioning it - it makes me feel like i'm in my 20's to ride again.
I don't mountain bike, I just live outside of Bentonville and it's interesting seeing big YT channels do stuff in our area. I do own a cargo e-bike that I use for daily commuting though, and I'm very grateful for the growing bike network for getting around town.
I’ll e bike  when im old
and no Fat Bike .🤣
Is it because unless you are very old or have a disability they’re for lazy people
You didn't elaborate to the "not allowed" part.... do they not allow e-bikes on trails? Is this because they are "motorized" or are they afraid of mishaps with the battery?
Excellent job of posting an even keeled take, on a hot button trigger subject Seth.. Kudos.
I owned an ebike for commuting, not needing one at all I found myself constantly reaching for it over any bike because I'm lazy and wanted to travel faster or get somewhere with less effort. When I did jump back on my regular bikes, I found fitness levels were extremely disappointing and it would take me a while to get back to feeling normal again. I'm only young, I'm certainly not unfit, overweight, or incapable of riding a conventional bike around the city, I'm just guilty of taking the faster or easier option if it's available, probably why I still haven't gone to get my driver's license after all these years, I'm afraid it will do more harm than good, both physically and financially, as well as the fact I'm incredibly opposed to cars in urban areas, which is an image I want to maintain.
Any thoughts on a fat trike mountain bike video, sort of the same reasons as the ebike, mobility issues for some people. Great content!
Nobody cares why you don't have an ebike, sorry.
3:42 "I don't even notice who's on one and who isn't" Seriously...? YOU of all people should know... You can easily tell there's a battery inside it due to how much bigger it is, aswell as most ebikes being mid crank, you can see it in the crank set... You can also tell by the sound, aswell as seeing if they're physically exerting a normal amount of force. There is also a controller that you can see. Even me, who take bikes SIGNIFICANTLY less serious than you can spot an e-bike almost instantly.  8:35 "3500$" You can get a lot cheaper, I got my e-bike for around 1600$ (can find occasionally on sale for less) and it's great. I don't do jumps and such, just traveling, but it's a MTB and the quality of the parts are good. 3500$ for an e-bike is high end, though not the highest obviously, but even a mid tier one such as mine will do the job.
The thing I fear about E-bikes is that it bypasses the time and practice needed to handle a bike at those speeds. With traditional bikes, it takes time to develop speed, and with that time comes bike handling ability naturally. An E-bike allows you to skip that time and so you'll be going fast without developing the skill to handle it.
Love way your mind works Seth. I have both top end versions of bike you rode… Fuel EX Gen 6… and to sum up, after recently purchasing the electric, I’m done with non-E! There is only 8.6 lbs difference between two and only time I can tell heavier is when I’m lifting it up. As for workout, I get more than on non-E cause now that I’ve figure how that amazing TQ motor works (requires higher cadence to maximize) cause  find myself completely turning off TQ at times… IMHO this SL category eMTBs are lite enough to feel like regular bike. Btw, I saw how u were throwing it around towards the end! BUAHAHA
I find it frustrating how many places ban the electric assist for no good reason.
disagree , mountain biking is not about fitness.people just enjoy biking.  fitness helps with biking. this same argument can be applied to sking and snowboarding. dont need to be feet but it definitely helps.   fitness in general helps makes activities more enjoyable but its not the main goal.
I have a number of awesome bikes and also love my Trek Rail. Problem is as mentioned, that many areas treat all E-Bikes as one, and Pedal Assist only bikes are not evaluated correctly. I have great trails all around me (many of which I took pick and shovel to 40 years ago carving them out with my buddies), and all of them are full of angry Karen's now looking to yell at someone for their restricted E- Bike. I have to drive an hour to get to an E-Bike okay trail these days and I have a pedal assist only bike.
Your reason for not having a EMTB is exactly the same as my reason and when the day comes that I might need one I will be all for it. Until then pedal away
I just prefer an acoustic bike
Ya the argument against E-bikes is kind of moot for most of us riding them. The pinnacle super fast rider thats in prime shape and leaving all their friends in the dust arent riding them. Its us, the slower friend. It's the guy who has a kid and a lot of responsibilities and cant ride 3-5 days a week like our other friends. Its for those of us who arent riding JUST to get in better shape and we just wanna have some fun when we ride. Its an equalizer and allows me to keep up with my friends ride way more trails than I could otherwise. So the argument of over-speeding trails isn't a thing. Weight isn't a thing unless you are banning us fat people lol.
solid take throughout the video except the argument that you can’t get a good workout on one.  If you find yourself being lazy multiple laps in a row simply turn assist off, now you get an even better workout than your regular bike. I do it quite often and it’s very rewarding doing a difficult climb on a powered off E bike.  So get some fun laps in then struggle for a few, or vice versa. 👍
i have a penny farthing in my fleet   and I will say e bikes are they way for people in their late 40s
e motor cycle
next bike you should get is one with a 250cc 2 stroke engine
Real riders don't need motors.
I despise eBike riders.  Especially fat, and more importantly lazy people riding them!  The "smugness" when they pass you is vomit inducing.  At least the Workout comes when the battery dies!  Love passing eBike riders on flats and downhills!  Uphill is impossible
I get clammy at best on my EBike
NWA is the whole reason I  bought an EBike back in January.  I can explore a lot more of the trails on my day trips from KC than if I was still riding an acoustic bike.
What was the trek bike name
you should get a Sur Ron or a talaria
It sounds like you talked yourself in to an eBike.  👊🏼
Now I want to see a video on why you don't have a pet lizard
...but why don't you have a pet lizard?
I dont understand why so many places ban E-MTBs, my local spots included. that's the main reason why i wont get one till they come around.
Another great video, I feel E-bikes get a hard time for no real reason. I own an E-bike, and  a normal MTB. I spend 50/50 time on each one. A few things I will add where I live there is alot of shorter steeper climbs, and on a normal bike we tend to stoip and rest at the top of climbs more, E-bike we just keep on riding. as I use a heart rate monitor,  on E-bike I ride longer cover way more distance and have a higher heart rate, as not stopping so much. As an ex MX rider I, and others I know feel a lot happy jumping the heavy bikes.  I am 58 and don't think either optain is bad, and I am just upgrading enduro  MTB again now, not E-MTB, as I use both just as much as one another. Maintenance on E-MTB is always going to higher.
On my e-bike I ride longer and more often than I did or could on a “real” bike. I definitely don’t take it easy like you are though. Chase some crowns-that’ll get you sweating
@SethsBikeHacks Dude can you build a mtbrompton please?! Would be sikkkkkk!!!
e bikes are a disrespect to all mtb disciplines
Have you ever tried a dirt bike (with an engine) or a trials bike (with an engine or just pedals).  Riding a dirt bike is exhausting because you're moving 200 pounds beneath you.
I’m a mountain biker that has had cancer for the last 10 years, my lungs have continually gone downhill. If I get physically exerted my muscles turn to jelly. Coordination and muscle response shot. Without my e-bike I couldn’t ride at all. I’d love to be able to pedal, ride normally. But I can’t. So it’s disappointing to hear e-bikes aren’t “accepted” in western NC. Guess you’ll never see me at your park. I understand it’s not your fault. Thanks.
I stopped cycling because of arthritis in my knees. My ebike got me out again.  I'm on my 3rd ebike. The bikes have helped my knees.  I'm using them wirhout putting too much strain on them, easing up the arthritis. I can cycle 30 miles. I must be putting  some of the effort in as my 53 year old calves & thighs look better than they did 30 years ago.
I have a Polygon Siskiu T8 and really want the Polygon T7e. I like the idea of being able to do longer distance rides, particularly if there's a lot of climbing.
"It makes you feel in better shape than you actually are".  That can be said to guys with 18k carbon bikes, guys that use bikes with gears 🤔🤔 and to people who ride bikes, I jog too.    Love ya bro, but you are wrong on that comment. 56yrs old. Rode an ebike, bought an ebike. love to ebike.  2-3 times a week. 800 calories jogging and/or 800 calories ebiking. Works really well for me. My cardio is better than before I owned the ebike. Why?  Because nothing discourages a biker more than WALKING UP A HILL. I've seen it, I've done it, I freak'in hate it. If you were gonna walk the hill anyway, why not ride up with assist instead? The next time you hit that hill, you'll use less assist, or on an analog bike, you'll just avoid it. Guys DRIVE their car to the CHAIRLIFT to ride their analog bike down a hill and many avoid certain trails because the terrain is too hard.  The POINT?   Neither is wrong. Do it, enjoy it and let others do the same without judgement✌✌
It seems odd US doesnt allow ebikes in some places, UK doesnt seem to ban them from anywhere normal MTBs can be as long as they are proper pedal assist bikes, Im another non e-bike guy, It introduces components I cant repair myself, also I kinda like paying for the downs with the ups, I hate pedaling but I do like the fitness it has resulted in, my cousin would love me to ebike I reckon, he wouldnt have to wait for me at the top of climbs 😁, I dont like the weight but the new super light ones kinda ride like a normal bike, they are spicy!
It should be illegal for anyone under age 60 to own an E bike.
E-bikes are not bikes they are electric mopeds. They get you to the same place but so do cars , motorbikes and lawnmowers. The buzz of getting from A to B using no other power than your legs
Love the trail footage at the end - snack sized is perfect.
Would love an e-bike but can’t afford one, so I’m not going to worry about it.
U should try out a giant talon 1 its a awesome hardtail and its only $950 i just got mine a couple weeks ago its my first mtb
Yup altitude and airspeed are your friend…😅
so... what about a pet lizard?
I like you.  I like your videos.  You should totally get a full power ebike.
I am 62 ….. no E for me!!!!!!!?
couldn't agree more.  on every point. I'm 51 and ride for fun but also for exercise. I've tried an e-bike but I am not ready to commit to one.  great video. well said
Next time better choose a proper ebike with a Shimano or Bosch drivetrain, you will find out fast the difference.
It would be way more entertaining to see you on a Brompton than an E Bike
As soon as I got my first full suspension bike, the ads and videos for e-bikes started coming through the pipeline. Very annoying. They’re not the same thing, and I’m not interested! As far as I’m concerned they’re a totally different category
Why are ebikes not allowed at berm pk
Really enjoyed seeing some e-bike content on your channel
Nice honest thinking, great video. For bikers, who ride "normal" bike their whole life, an e-mtb is heavy at first. But after few rides, the weight is not a problem anymore. And believe me, you can train, sweat and the workout just as hard or even harder on e-mtb. But anyway, as long as we all ride, having fun and meet new friends, doesn`t matter what kind of mtb or e-mtb you seat on. Greetings from eMTB Slovenia!
I love the availability of e-bikes for all sorts of reasons but since cycling is practically the only way to get me to exercise more than once a decade, I'll keep using the motorless kind until my body won't take it anymore.
I like calling mtbs acoustic 😆 it sounds right
I actually ride my levo sl more than any of my other bikes because it lets me get on the trail for my endurance rides. If I ride my analog mtb it ends up being an interval ride.
Yours explanation/reasoning are said very well.  Where I'm at, in a Rocky Mountain area, ebikes are not allowed in many areas.  They are considered a motorized vehicle, so off limits on many trails.  Would love to try one.  They ARE popular here during the winter months to ride on roads that are not plowed.
That ending clip is 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
i demoed one and all it did was make me ride harder and i still had a crazy workout. it was on assist mode and that thing was crazy
"If I end up with an ebike I end up with an ebike."    Is this like "where ever you go, there you are"?   I just turned 50 and have a lifetime of football, motorcycle,  martial arts, and mtb injuries.  Two knee surgeries.  Without my ebike there is no way I can keep up with my riding crew.   I'm right there with them on on every downhill, and waiting for them at the top.  I have more fun,  do more miles, and still get a great workout, but I can walk the next day.
The big reasons I don't have an E-Bike is mainly i can't justify having 3 bikes (technically 4 if you count my 13-year old low-end mtn bike), especially considering the cost; but the other main reason is I don't want to end up 'dependent' or reliant on the electric assistance--which kinda ties in to that 'illusion that you're fitter than you actually are' that you mentioned.
I think E-bikes are a fantastic tool for commuters and people who need that extra push, my GF broke multiple joins when she was young and can't properly put down power without pain and discomfort so getting an E-Bike could be the equalizer that lets her enjoy a ride with me instead of suffering anytime there's a strong headwind or uphill
Oh and also, e-bikes got me back into normal and mountain biking after a back injury :) After three years of daily riding, I am still excited about jumping (or hopping I should say) back on my bike to get to work or elsewhere :)
Yikes, big misconception: You are NOT working out less, quite the contrary. You tend to do even more.
Urban Arrow is the correct e-bike for the family man. Trek has a similar take.
Once you have an e bike you'll never ride the other bikes, thats his fear
Maybe you can buy an inexpensive one to use for short or medium length runs to the store or bank instead of taking a car. It obviously increases your range and the speed of your trip compared to a non e bike.
The fitness barrier is there for a reason. The main one is skill and being less prone to getting injured.
Seth you should do a budget emtb build! or just ebike build in general.
hey Seth i am a Yong teen and i just watched your Ozark Trail Ridge upgrade video and i noticed you said that your least favorite thing to do on a bike is installing the seat and i have a little hack what i like to do is on the two pieces that are on the upper part of the clamp i put a tiny little bit of duckt tape to hold them in position it it works every time and if you dont want to leave the tape on after you install the seat just use a little pick to get them off. And thanks for making such great content!
I had a spinal cord injury in 2021. My recumbent trike and adaptive eMTB has been a critical part of my recovery. I can’t walk far but i can ride my custom bike all day. Being able to tap into my bike riding obsession of 20 years kept me motivated through extremely painful days of movement. It wasn’t cheap, but it was great value for my mental health. I’m still a mountain biker, I just have an extra wheel or a motor :)  I think they are positive tech but the social side is harder. Ensuring that trails are not ruined and access isn’t withdrawn is a massive barrier. Both types of bike can co-exist, but that has to be carefully managed. My long term aim is to be able to ride both.
ebikes are heavy for off road use. I do 70 miles and pedal to the off road trails so ebikes win. I don't like people transporting bikes if they can ride them.
I kinda want that yamaha power steering bike. It is so ridiculously exhorbitant and overkill that i just kinda want to be one of the idiots wasting money on it.
There is so much ego wrapped into mtb riding I’ve been riding 20 years I did crack the emtb jokes like the rest of us but I tell you what it’s now my favorite bike! I actually get way more of a workout on my emtb because now everything is a obstacle and now I’m doing same lines over and over and going further then I ever have before . It really is the future  and these silly laws should be lifted . Like Seth said it’s bringing more of us together more and more and that’s what real riding is about not ego tripping!
First bike i would make into electric would definitely be the cargo bike. There is exercise benefits to the mountain bike, but the cargo bike its just annoying and a hassle. The goal is transportation, and getting it done before your milk warms up is nice.
“Real” mountain bike? 🤦‍♂️😂
"why you dont own e-bike"  no money
I still have my analogue bikes, but there are certain rides I do that trigger asthma attacks on these bikes.  On my Turbo Levo SL no worries.  I can fit in a quick rides where I'd otherwise not be able to get back in time for other commitments.  I can also extend myself riding long distances on eco or without assistance with confidence that I can return even if knackered.  I still enjoy my analogue gravel and MTB bikes, but for most of my recent mountain biking I'll take the e-bike.  When I do use the analogue MTB, I have noticed my technical climbing skills and stamina has improved a lot, before I push myself too much and have a asthma attack.
Not a fan of EV anything…well besides rc cars lol. One if I was going to spend that kinda money I’d buy a dirt bike, about the same if not better exercise and still will go farther than a E-bike. Two id rather not take a chance of it burning the forest down. Three it’s like dating a fat chick yeah it’s all fun and good until your friends see you. Four limited trail use in lots of areas. Five it’s just another way for people to be and stay lazy instead of pushing themselves and getting into shape not staying a shape. Six going to have to spend money on new batteries, risk did battery failure. Seven how is an E-bike anywhere near environmentally friendly…?I’ll wait because it’s not. Doing more harm to the environment with EV. Just my thoughts and opinions.
E bike e not a Bike....simple!!
Would you consider doing a video on the different types of e-bikes?  Were you riding a type 3?
I ride a regular bike because I want EXERCISE!  What’s next for e-bikes; a TV on your handlebars?  How about a recliner chair?
my e bike is  mostly for commuting in the city.....
I like bikes but there's a limit for me i think ebike is not for me i don't hate ebike, what i dont is when you ride need to charge it before you ride and you will always defend on battery power bike
There was a word exploration used, and that's exactly how I use my ebike. I am exploring new, wild places, where then I can ride my EN/DH bike.
I recently bought a light eMTB. My local trails are a constant up and down, we don’t have big mountains. The e MTB is perfect for this, as all the trails are fun now, not just the short downhill sections. I run my bike at 30 to 40Nm assist which is plenty and I do get the same workout. I do about twice the amount of trails in the same time now.
My pops (62 years old, 60 at the time of buying) was looking at E bikes, and in the end decided he didn't need to go that route, and ended up buying a Scott Ransom. Super nice bike, but since he bought it, I think he has been on the trails less than 10 times. He rode it around the neighborhood a bit, but I think in the past year it has been off the stand less than 5 times. The E bikes make things way more accessible for those who otherwise will struggle on the trails; and I think that's the biggest thing. If you're young and capable an E bike helps to get you out there and exploring. If you're older or have other issues, it can help keep you going.
E-bikes are the answer for me… It allows me to do a 3000ft elevation ride before or after work. I’ve explored places where I’ve never seen a normal mtb before. The threshold to go riding almost disappeared. I got more fit by transferring to an e-mtb because of this. Instead of riding two times a week, I’d go riding 5-6 times. E-mtb = more riding… More riding = more fun
Ebikes are motorized bikes that belong on motorized trails.
Emtb riders like me who have ridden mtb all their life and due to injury and wear and tear I just cant ride the distances without knees grinding and other old niggles stopping me from riding as i know the pain i will be in the days after.  After crashes riding downhill this thing is a game changer. I ride my emtb every day and keeps me sane and out on the bike.
It's funny how many people on here are commenting and getting upset over what other people are riding 😂. Get a grip of yourself and stop being concerned with what others are doing, focus on yourself and you will be happier in life. 🤘🏼
I have a Ebike along with a hardtail. I take Ebike on group rides so that Im not falling behind (recently quit smoking so I get winded fast). The hardtail is when I ride solo that I can still get a good workout but not worry about holding up the group once winded. Feels great to join a large group and meet new people while not being scared of ruining the fun have to stop constantly.
Can you run a Surron stock battery/stock controller on all those trails in Bentonville? If purists hate e-pedal assist m-bikes than they absolutely loath Surrons.
Great vid. I love the counter points made. I'm a 57 year old dad who loved mountain biking, but had to give it up, because of my fitness. It was just no fun to ride up hills for me. Now I have an eMTB and I'm out and about enjoying nature and riding again. More trekking than downhills, so yeah. Doing things I'd never have done before. eMTBs are a great technology. And yes, you can get fitter on one too. No doubt I'm fitter because of my eMTB. No doubt at all!
Phat tire ❤
get a road bike if you want cardio and ride your ebike to have more fun riding in the trails and more loops in the trail.
If I had all the money I would have all the bikes.
Weight and cost are the two barriers that keep me off an E bike.
As an avid bicyclist, and motorcyclist, I would happily ride an E-bike... when I'm crippled, or too fat to do anything else. Otherwise, why else would i ride an E-bicycle? If I'm too fat and lazy to ride, and need a golf-cart version bicycle, then its time to move to other hobbies. Or just embrace dirt bikes or real motorcycles... Real dirt bikes are cheaper than E-bikes now anyways. Wow, just realizing how much the biking industry is in trouble
I'm 66 with two plastic knees so I  have both a trek exe and a top fuel to give my knees a break. I love both for the reasons you  mentioned. Live to ride, ride to live.
E bike are definitely great if you want them, but I genuinely enjoy the feel of physical exertion that a good climb gives. Other people can enjoy as long as they dobt pressure me to get one.(which has happened on the trail before)
Piss on e bikes.
You can have an Ebike or you can have a normal bike there is nothing wrong with any of them it depends on what you want and not on what other think is right or wrong, I love my ebike, I workout more on my ebike and I have way more fun than i used to on my normal bike and I still get home early to spend time with my family.
Great video and thanks for sharing your thoughts on e-bikes. I just purchased my first e-bike (Trek Fuel EXe 9.8XT) because I had to face reality.  I just turned 60 and I am one year cancer free.  Time and illness has diminished my fitness and I found riding up long hills this summer just took too much out of me.  Bike parks are ok but I hate sitting on the chair lifts.  I am hoping the e-bike allows me to have fun again and ride till the battery or daylight runs out.
For where I live an e-bike is perfect for downhill runs that dont have a lift. Thats the only thing I can think of using an e-bike for.
Here's a few simple but real reasons why you shouldn't get an ebike? 1st. In certain cities and states landlords are banning them from their buildings because of the fire hazard.  2nd. Maintenance is a headache compared to a regular bike. 3rd and most importantly, it makes a person lazy, and they will eventually lose their mental and athletic edge over time. Ebikes are really for the beginner and non biker.
What arguments does have places against eBikes?
Watching with my pet lizard in central NC 😎
Coming soon to Wal-Mart.. Seth e-bikes!
I used to mtb and dirtbike a lot and saw how the ebike could replace shuttling and the noise factor.  Now a days I teach city, street, and gravel ebike and regular bike skills and education classes. City riding on an ebike with respect and safety is number one, head on a swivel, hand signals, timing, fitness, , commute, shop, leaving the car behind.  Santa Fe NM.  Its a fun and pretty city to learn how to be more comfortable in the streets. Thats my goal, having people stop driving so much.
Because you still have those last 10lbs to loose?
Yeah. I just bought an absolutely clean 1999 Jeep Cherokee. Only 167k miles on the 4.0L I6 motor. $3500. Would I buy a bicycle for that kind of money? F*** NO!!! NEVER!! If an e-bike was $500 maybe. When it’s as much as a classic car in good shape? That’s a retarded expenditure.
Don't care if you go emtb-free.... ur personal choice has never been the issue.  At issue is your choice to use ur agency to advocate for ANTI-emtb policies in your home state of North Carolina.   This makes u an ELITEST who destroys and diminishes the "open-armed" community nature of biking in general.  Enjoy North Carolina.... please keep your ANTI-emtb sentiment out of PRO-emtb Arkansas.
NASA has created battery technology that is light weight and efficient enough to power airplanes.  The infrastructure to manufacture them is lack so they are expensive.  I believe technologies like this will the future bikes.  Not every kid in the neighborhood rides a bike anymore.  I see many types of electronic and gas driven vehicles.
I would use that if I were going to ride to work or school AND a few trips on some trails, but not for actual trails full time. Plus here in Michigan, they're prohibited on trails anyway.
I own 2 Bosch class 1 e-bikes, but still crave a ride on my vintage Fuji 10 speed and enjoy them all. If you’re going to buy a e-bike, make sure it’s UL approved.
Ive been fascinated by them e-mtb for a long time now. First I couldnt afford it. Then I wanted to wait to see whats good. Then I learned that bosch motors are better than shimanos. Now im just waiting till they sort out all the small problems them e bikes still seems to have sometimes. Dont want a money pit.
Having a young family like you an eBike would cut your mtb rides i half the time if the plan is to ride just 2-3trails of thats the plan for the day. That would get you back to the family sooner and less physically exausted and more time to play with them.  On my end its the situatuon of having a bad knee and middle aged guy whom never thought I could still get the chance to up the mountains. To us an eBike is called HOPE!!!
Maybe I’m weird but I enjoy the climbing as much as the descents so don’t see getting an ebike. Also many of the trails I ride like the Santa Cruz Demo forest, Park City, etc. don’t allow ebikes.
imagine buying an e-bike, just to slap a trailor on it that holds non e-bikes so you can take your e-bike to berm park, and ride the trails with the non e-bike.
Wish I could get one , to pricy
you’re forgetting a big part. more laps = more smiles
There are only 2 excuses for eBike use in my opinion:   - 70+ years old with extensive biking experience trying to have a good time/keep up with the kids/grand kids  - Someone with a severe medical condition  But what I see on the trails is 18 years old healthy kids riding eBikes thinking they're so "cool and progressive", completely missing the point of pure biking (be it MTB or Road/Gravel) and joy of earning that descent.
I'm not very fit, couldn't last more than 30mins on a MTB, I converted it to an eMTB and can now go for 3hour rides which gets me out of the house, exploring more, and I maintain an avg heart rate of around 150bpm.  The assistance means I don't have to worry about having a heart attack when going up hill and can take little moving breaks and enjoy the colling effect of some extra wind.  I don't do many trails, just bike paths.
for me, the appeal is my asthma. Inhaler or not, no matter my cardio level as a medic, I just feel miserable when I'm climbing a hill on a bike. I don't get that endorphin rush from exercise like others - for me, it's a difficult task, and working out is a chore I have to suffer through every week. So the draw to mountain biking to me is getting out into the mountains, not the difficulty of the workout. I don't even really love riding a ton on my normal bikes in hilly areas. But once I got my first city ebike, the whole activity changed for me. I now ride EVERYWHERE. I rode to and from school, I ride to the grocery store and get groceries, I ride to go get prescriptions, I'll ride with my dog (who really wants to be going 20mph all the time) It opened up areas of Seattle that were frankly impossible due to the hills, and I can get places without being sweaty (which is a perk in city riding). I'm putting in hundreds of miles a month now. my wife is the same, she went from zero to a daily rider. And we don't just max assist/throttle everywhere. The assist never really comes off the lowest level unless it's a steep hill. It's just those bursts of heavy work being lowered down that keeps the activity encouraging.  I'd genuinely be interested in an e-mtb if they weren't still so extremely frowned upon in so many places by gatekeepers who don't understand that people differ in physical ability. but I will say that having a $1000 ride1up core5 and roadster v2 (walmart even makes a half decent ebike by hyper for $400) has transformed how much bike related exercise I get, not needing to worry about making sure I use my inhaler 25 minutes before every time I go out and being able to effortlessly go further has been nothing short of transformative.  You should try getting one of walmart's hyper e-mountain bikes with a 250w hub motor, and seeing if you can transform it into a usable product like with the first kent.
Wish I can afford a trek ebike:(
I haven't heard the use of the word luddite since I first learned it like 10 years ago lol. You have quite the vocab Seth. Epic🤓
i go faster on E power, and just as tired as acoustic since I'm going harder at it for longer for more days
Every mtb brand manager in the world just heard "if I end up with one, I end up with one" and immediately started planning how to overnight Seth a bike so THEIR e-bike is the one he "ends up with" lol
"Fitness Barrier" is in no way shape or form the "point of mountain biking". If it was all for fitness you could just use a stationary bike. Mountain biking is about having fun outdoors. I've never heard anyone say "The climb is the point of mountain biking"
Not anti E-bike, in fact E-bikes are the best all around electrical wheeled invention compared to cars, and especially motorcycles and scooters, all which are a long ways off value wise and convenience wise to their ICE counterparts. IMO The old way is the way forward for most everything.
What I learned today?  That you made the same mistake most non-E-Bikers make, even after having ridden an e-bike.   Mainly, POWER LEVELS.   My Trek Rail-7 with a Bosh motor has four power levels, Eco-Tour-EMTB-Turbo.   Most people put it in Turbo and then bitch that they aren't getting a work out.   Put it in Eco and while it will help, you'll likely get a workout.  That's pretty much all I ride in because I do like the work out.  I had this long explanation about why I use an e-bike but it's simply because it works for me and I enjoy it.   You readers' opinions may differ and that's ok, as long as you respect my right to ride what I choose to ride.   BTW, we have legality issues here too SF Bay Area because of the luddites in both the mtb and hiking communities.   Thanks for making this a plain vanilla world.
Ya no one is getting a work out on a e-bike... thanks for being honest about it.
The biggest problem with Ebikes is that they are absolutely going to be used on trails that they are not allowed on. This will cause user conflicts, which could cause trail closures.
there was a study done that showed that people burned the same amount of calories on an emtb vs a normal mtb. however they had to ride the same length of time.  Also the same study showed that the riders heart rates stayed in zone 3 when riding the emtb's as compared to hitting zone 4 sometimes on normal mtb's which isn't really a good thing.  So all in all as long as your riding the same amount of time, you're still getting a great workout and not putting your heart into the danger zone.  The fuel exe that seths riding in the vid comes in at about 39-40 lbs.
The amount of ebikers I see with guts is funny
Does climbing suck? Sure. But that’s part of biking. Gotta earn those downhills
Bruh WHAT??? My ebike was under 2 grand. You guys are psychotic if you think they aren't accessible.
Isn't it a federal law that anywhere a regular bike is allowed up to a class 2 e-bike is allowed? Pretty sure they can't ban e-bikes on trails anymore.
Honestly I dont get all the fuzz and hate against e-bikes. The legal 300W bikes are not going to roost and destroy the trails. I think it's mostly a case of people being butthurt for being overtaken by a less fit person
Yeah, not having an E-bike makes running laps all day an entirely different experience at Kanuga Bike Park.  Watching the end of this video is making me consider how I can spend a month in Bentonville next year...
Thank you! As a 45 yo with five kids and a busy job, what you said… 100%. I have to sneak in rides wherever and whenever possible.
All of you complaining about e bikes are silly. I personally do not own an e bike. tried one a couple years ago. Who cares if it's cheating. Who cares if they pass you on the trail..I think they are great.not going to get one but maybe someday you guys make it sound like dirt bikes are all around us flying by with 2 strokes. Is it really that big of a deal. Most of you complaining I'm sure have no problem throwing your bike on a lift or van to get to the top.
My thoughts are still kinda in the relm of buy a dirtbike or ride dirtbike trails on your ebike, leave unmotorized trails unmotorized. Coming from someone who loves dirtbiking and MTB. Disabilities are the only exception in my mind.
I have spent a lifetime of bike riding, decades at the gym lifting, decades of martial arts, ocean kayaking became a passion at age 55. I’m now 65 and just bought a Scott Spark. My new car uses gasoline too. It’s nice to have choices. My girlfriend would benefit from an electric bike which I will happily buy for her.
First summer with my ebike. I rode it 1/3 of the time. 2/3 on my enduro. Where I live ebikes are welcome everywhere except parks. I ride my ebike to lap trails when I'm short on time after work. I ride my ebike to lap  and lap and lap and discover new trail so when I'm riding them with my enduro bike I can go all in right away. Riding my ebike is very demanding physically for the upper body, and can be very demanding for the whole body if you pedals as much as you would with a normal bike. I love riding technical trails, jumps, drops with the ebike. Blue trail, flowy-non-steep trail I find are kind of boring because of the weight of the bike and the input it needs to get airborn or thrown around. Riding the same trail  feels quite different when on my ebike compare to my enduro, not better, not worse, just different.  Jumping with an ebike is ridiculously stable! 1 hour on the ebike = lots of trails. 2-3 hours on the ebike, and I'm  as exhausted as when I'm riding my enduro bike .  At the end of the day, for me, ebike completes my other bikes perfectly and gives me other options. I do still ride my enduro bike more thouhg.
"I have to ride a" .....analog bike :)
...wal-mart got ya didn't they!!?!!
my ebike was my only option to start back riding.. and I still can't keep up with my non ebike friends..
I live in a City and I love Mountainbiking, so I love my E-MTB. Since I have it I seldom need my car. I ride to work with it and arrive in the office without sweating and being exhausted and I get out of to the city to the nice trails in the woods or to the next trail park, without having to swallow too much car exhaust. When I go for a ride with it I'm usually riding at least 50 km and 3-4 hours. As soon as I'm out of the city, I'm at least warmed up and I decrease the motor support and I climb uphill trails which I would never do on a normal bike. In average I burn about 1500 calories on each tour.
think you shoudl review a sur ron.
TQ motors is realy strong, thats bramd have an 120nm version motor! 45km/h+ is avaible! AMAzing
I need to find a place to rent a e-bike now just to try it
Most often words in video: 1. I 2. Me 3. My 4. Bike
I was there about a month ago and had never seen so many e-bikes in my life and really changed my whole outlook on them. I ran into a guy that was on his first ride ever on a 6,000 dollar Specialized E-bike he had rented to ride with his friends. He was still sweating his butt off. Lol  My girl friend has a heart condition and can't ride with me but seeing all the people on e-bikes there gave me some hope that one day she can get one and trail ride with me!
I’m resisting an e-bike till I need it for health reasons/age. One of the things I like about biking is that it doesn’t need to be plugged in. I try to think about my bills and environmental impact so not having to charge my bike is one of the things I like about it 🤷‍♂️ each to their own!
very interessting because i personaly feel much better jumping and cornering with any e-bike than on my blinged out personal bike. on very steep muddy sections and on offcamber bits i just feelthe extra mass of the e-bike challenging the tires more but on everything else the extra weight feels good and helps my technique. Still don't own a e-bike lol
Finally, I saw my hometown bike on Seth's channel. Today is a good day.
I commute to work on my ebike every day weather permits. My main goal is to not get to work all sweaty. There's no way i could or would want to do that on an acoustic bike. I dont care what anyone is riding as long as everyone is being safe and courteous.
Im 42, and i think im ready for an ebike
"a real mountain bike" ha!  said w/o saying.   Schroen Train is the best for laps.
Hmm, wondering what ebike you'll be getting soon. Can you make video how to overcome upgraditis desease? lol..
This is the seth videos we love! The ending was the best part having a good time on a bike no matter what it is!
Sorry dude at that price you are excluding people. Just is. Cool bike. Nice video good discussion. Thanks for sharing this with us.
Fitness ISNT the point of mountainbiking
fun fact: last year, 90% of all mountain bikes sold in Germany were e-bikes. 😉
seth, why dont you have a pet lizard
I don't have a MTB ebike but I have a commuter ebike. But I think they have different assist modes? So if you want more work out, can you can choose a lower assist mode to get a good sweat going?
I love all your videos, but I just can't help but hope Evan's page blows the heck up from these features!!
I still like to ride my regular MTB but I ride it much less now since purchasing an Emtb. But I do however try to get a spin class in once a week when weather is off. Here in TX I can’t ride in the 105 summer. I have been a heat casualty numerous times as an Iraq vet. I can however carefully dabble on my emtb in the summer.
Because we don't want motors on are bikes..👎
You should ride an ebike exclusively for 30 days, and make a video about your experience.  You might find that you actually ride more often, even if it's only for 15 minutes in the back yard, and end up in better shape overall.  It happens.
I was not convinced by e-bikes for a long time, but I'm repairing bikes in an area with lots of villages, often on the sides of hills. There is a great flat bike road on what was once a little railroad, but a lot of people (me included) have a steep climb at the end of every ride. There are also more older folks here and they would benefit from cycling but couldn't without a bit of help. And like others pointed out, there are also a lot of people who can't for a variety of reason, and they may look young and fit, but that doesn't mean anything. So  whatever gets you to go out more/use the car less is great :)
Problem with e-bikes is once you get back on your acoustic, it feels broken. 🤣
Forget ebike and kanuga laps, it’s downhill bike and jarrods place laps. Or rock creek, rock creek is fun too
MOTORBIKES 😂
My main takeaway from this video is that you really want a pet lizard
I like that you are hitting "Drop the Hammer" and talking about leading your mom down an easy trail.  Bring your team to Prelude Breakfast Bar!
Very well done, Seth.  I will respectfully disagree with one point, though.  Alex (Sampler) found on a side by side comparison, that he burned more calories on his eBike.  I don’t believe that was a fluke.  I’ve gotten my heart rate up to 185 on an eBike, and never did that on a traditional mtb.  And if you ran laps all day at Kanuga, you’re still going to get one heck of a workout- guaranteed!
You nailed it for lowering the barrier of entry, and allowing people who normally wouldn’t be physically capable of such an activity can now enjoy it. I bought one nearly 2 years ago, Kenevo SL. I rode it for 6 months, great suspension design and the weight was spot on. But there was something lost for me in the experience. So I sold it, went back to pedal power and will enjoy it till I need an e-bike. But no matter what you ride, be sure to enjoy the ride!
if youre looking for fitness buy an ebike.....its 10kg heavier. When youre completely exhausted, turn it on.
One of the problems I see with e-bikes, especially e-mountainbikes here in europe in the alps is that it enables a lot  of inexperienced people to suddenly go places they previously couldn't reach by bike. They ride up a mountain, which is easy with electric assistance, and then they struggle to ride down steep fire roads and crash. Often it's people who rarely ride bikes at home and do this as a holiday activity.
Seth go check out SurRon e-moto ebike
I thought, for sure, by the end of the video he was going to introduce us to his new ebike.
Plomber knee transport. E mtb taket the plumber out .is not that Great!
There are so many perspectives to this topic it's great, though the price discussion made me wince a little. Seth is fortunate to be able to look at those prices and consider them affordable.
My wife had to give up biking with me last summer because of her knees. We rented her an e-MTB for a day while we were in Whistler on family vacay, and it was so great to get out XC riding with her again. There's definitely one in our future.
Incredible video & topic. I'm trying to stay Natural Bike, but it's hard. The price is still expensive as well. Who doesn't want an easier hill climb? Lol
Who else has put the sentence “Something a little bit different but kinda the same” in their essay
When you're leaning over riding uphill in lowest gear & see someone riding past you sitting upright like 'Mary Poppins' on a joy ride at 15 mph you then realise how much power the ebikes are producing for the rider.
Well, I'm 53yo and father of two 15yo bikers. I'm not an athlete, so I had hard times to catch up with them. Now we can ride up to (and pushing up) their limits and still have a lot of fun. Yes, think my cardio is going to ***, but perhaps a workout fix that. By the way, "acoustic" is better than "real" LOL. Great video, great place ! Cheers !
Turn it on eco. You'll get some exercise
“It makes you feel like you are in better shape than you are.”😂  Best caption for een E-Nike ever!
I’m 44 and in relatively good shape…the kind where I can at least finish the Cape Epic.  I ride 2-3 times per week at the moment. During the week I’m on the Fuel EXe and weekends my Supercaliber.  The long and short of it for me: I’m out on a bike more and enjoy riding both.
I think the half power e-bikes are definitely the sweet spot. My Kenevo SL feels so perfect, still get a hell of a workout and have enough assistance to cover more ground.
Bike prices are crazy as a non bike person! 9k for a mountain bike is robbery of the first degree
that feeling whem you get right back to the top carpark and decide weather to go back or do another run because youve gone to all the trouble of getting back up
I have no issues with ebikes. But let's just say I don't like some ebike users when they freak me out from behind on a hill climb.
You touched on it briefly in the video. I have an SCI, and do not have full use (range of motion, strength and feeling) of my legs, especially the right one.  You'd think that an eMTB would almost be "made for me". And I've tried a few. But full power ebikes are just too heavy for me. I'm not sure most people even realise how much they use their legs to move their bike around, I just can't do that. So riding one becomes really awkward, really fast for me.  I know that an ebike is most probably in my future, if I want to continue this hobby. But they need to become way lighter, for me to even consider them. So for the foreseeable future, I'll stick to my "old school, non powered" bike.
Love to see Evan in your videos ! Nice contribution
My humble prediction is you will end up with an ebike.
I just converted my 2021 Stumpjumper with a CYC stealth and I feel 18 again.  Highly recommend to anyone getting old with a bad back.
This has got to be the oddest take ive ever heard... Do you see alot of fat dirtbikers on the trail no? HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE IF THEY DONT PEDAL durrr
Am I the only one who wants to get a pet lizard?
Well you forgot one important part. Today, you can take any 10, 20 or even 30 years old mtb frame, upgrade it (headset, fork, breakes, drivetrain, whatever) and ride it just fine another 10 years. I wonder how one would upgrade or repair today's Specialized e-bike. It's got proprietary parts, software etc. Plus it's carbon so you can't even recycle it. Therefore, modern e-bikes will probably end in the landfill. Just sayin'.
On my perspective and findings, I used to drive ‘normal’ bikes to work. But since I got an e-bike from my  company, instead of gas money,, it’s just what Seth says, you can get lazy. Our bike, (VanMoof) has a boost, and you get way faster and with no sweat 37km/h (23 mi/h). So next month the lease is over and I give the bike back and I don’t one back, I’ll commute with a ‘normal’ bike and yes you can say, you can drive now up and down with an non e-bike, yes that is tue. ( something with lazy) . Good content , thank you.
Don’t even need to watch the whole video.😂😂😂 you u tube kooks crack me up. Y’all need some learning
Coming from a dirt bike enduro background before switching to MTB, now I have ebike it's bringing the elements from dirtbiking I was missing when riding MTB. Hitting steep techy climbs which normal MTB can't do is addictive. Also for me having the extra weight stabilises the bike. Also as a mainly downhill biker with vans and cars set up for shuttling, this removes the need arranging shuttle groups and opens access to trials without shuttle access.
Challenging physical exertion is a feature not a bug.
E bike = cheating May as well have a dirt bike
I used to worry about losing my fitness from riding my ebike everywhere but i realised there was an "off" button on the controller and i found pressing that now and again does the trick lol.
Missing the Florida hack days at the moment
E-bikes are amazing for all the reasons described by other ocmmenters. I'm a roadie (and a gravelie?) and see almost no hostility to e-bikes sharing space and events. E-mountain bikers, though, include a substantial proportion of s*%^heads. I've seen e-MTBers joyfully tearing up the lovingly maintained rugby pitch in Tulsa, and they are the prime culprits in tearing up wet trails in the same city. Roadies have plenty of room to share, so e-bikes are welcome. But there's something about the lazy power of an e-MTB that brings out the worse in some people, and I hate crossing paths with them.   You should make a side trip to Tulsa for Turkey Mountain, BTW. We're trying to catch up to Bentonville.
u don t use the e bike in the right way, u don t understand e bike, it s ok, if u use the e bike like a normal bike, it s wrong, u ride only short rides, e bike it s for big aventures.
Sounds like you're getting a lizard soon??  ;)
I second Phat Tire
Bridge the gap, get an SL.
What I find on an ebike: 1) I can enjoy downhills better because I'm not wiped out from the climb, 2) my heart rate is generally higher because going fast is sun and to do that you need to keep the cadence up which the ebike helps with, 3) instead of riding for 12 miles, I'll ride for 25-30 miles (so more work out). Only thing is strength training which I use a single speed for.
e bikes should be like wheel chairs
If you want to do cardio just turn off the battery power lol. Feeling lazy, turn it back on.
as an owner of a Trek Rail 5 for about a month now, i can definitely say it was the best purchase i’ve made in a long time.  i’ve never had so much fun going up hill and it makes it so much easier to take a quick evening ride after work at my local trails
Liked how you were honest about how you can stay fit on an e-bike but that you would likely take the easier way out on climbs and loose fitness, I would probably do the same.  How about the extra upkeep and cost that comes with having a motor?   What is that like?
There are no restrictions on emtb's in europe. They classify them just like an analog bike, the way it should be.
Always entertaining, Seth. I bought my first EMTB in December 2022. It's super fun to ride and has expanded the length and duration of my rides. I still ride my analog bike which is to say my acoustic bike, also known recently as my Amish bike. Lol. I'm 62 now and I see the e-bike technology keeping me riding at least into the next decade.
I have one but it is 1st gen it is good just needs some work done to it wish Seth was in south Africa
I’m 35 and I couldn’t agree more with the fitness maintenance stuff. I plan on bikepacking 100 miles through the Scottish highlands and then on top of Ben Nevis on my Whyte G180 Enduro rig. Screw batteries.
I don't own an e-bike because I still have my dignity.
I want one just so I can still go faaaast on days when the legs are shot from really hard/long workouts
I agree with idea that motors helps keep riding inclusive.I’m an acoustic rider with no ambition to ever go electric because of the same reasons you pointed out ,I love the fitness factor and I prefer ripping around on a lighter bike .But with the electric motorized bike craze I find your channel a welcome relief. Hopefully you keep it acoustic for those of us who still like to pedal unassisted.   Thanks for keeping it real Seth .
Nicely put!
I decided to get an E-MTB after a trip to Bentonville last year. Overall, I still ride my "acoustic" bikes much more, especially on my local trails. But when I travel, I bring both "acoustic" and "electric" The exception is Bentonville. There, I only bring the electric. There is never enough time to ride everything I want when visiting The Land of Oz, but the e-bike let's me experience more that I could otherwise (especially at the various hubs).
I picture rims breaking uphill 😂
You said it A real mountain bike.
So there are still childish adults who can't handle anyone being different in any way and want everyone to, for example, get into e-biking, just because they did
Cool vid Seth   I can tell you we just road our e bikes for about a year..then slowly stared to miss our regular MTB bikes.    So we definitely go back and forth.  But living in a place that allows them and has no hate towards them is a huge factor.  We moved to NWA and it seems everyone has a e bike and a regular bike.    Like you said..they are kinda a different sport.
That concern about loosing Cardio and all is one reason I started riding Mongoose Fat Tire Bikes with my friends who ride LIV and Cannondale road bikes.  I can keep up with them when they ride normally, but I am pumping hard for 30 miles around our lake loop we use for training.  I have Giant road and mountain bikes for the big rides with large groups, but the fatties keep me in shape, and are a ton of fun to just toy around with.  My own personal hooligan bikes lol.  Adventure Cycle here in Florida clocked me at 18mph over several miles on the 24 Speed Mongoose, said I won the 'Haul A$$ Award' for that group ride.  I was about dead at the end when everybody else was just chill, but it was a blast.  Get a fat tire mountain bike, my Mongooses would not survive real trail riding but even on the road they are a workout!
Seth can you pls move to Bentonville!!
Why would anyone care about that being ridden on a public trail or not? Like who is that bothering? What's the word for a male Karen? That's the only reason I can think someone would be mad. Just to have something to be angry about.
Call them properly: motorcycle
Not a fan of Evan.
5:35 - We don't see any issue with this...😉
E bike haters are the new version of skiers hating those rebel snowboarders.
Nah I would say try a hub drive e bike way different feel more like a dirt bike you can use only throttle up hill
Every video Seth releases has him saying  the word water.
I'm 65 now... and ask myself why I own a $7000 Specialized Pro Carbon when I'm not riding like than I used to. My knees are my usual excuse. It might be time to trade up... or down.
Everything was cool in this video, except that MTB are referred to as "real MTB."  EMTB's are real mountain bikes!
How does the ebike rule get enforced? Would other riders rat you out if they saw someone riding and ebike?
Waiting until they get around 35 lbs. Been riding since the 90s. I watched the mountain bike go from 70lbs down to sub 25lbs. I like them around 34 - 36lbs for under 10 grand. Scott released one this year that's 36lbs. More than 20 grand is too steep for me.
I ride mountain bikes with my 72 year old Mom - she is on a Trek Rail  - I am on a REEB SST
It was such a surprise to see Evan on here! I bet he was super stoked to finally be able to ride with you!!
Seth why didnt you take the one at the work centre  for free?
Totally agree with your sentiments - I'm 71 now, have no e-bikes, a recumbent, three mountain bikes, and a Cruz semi-recumbent. None of them have motors. I had one of the early e-bikes in the early 2000's. Thing had a lead acid battery, was kind of a kick to ride, and I used it to commute to work. It was an adventure, but added nothing to my fitness. If I want my heart rate to go up, and my legs to get stronger, I need to ride a non-motorized bike.
Something about It being a helper is weird to me. I want to do all the work, or none of it. Tradition bike or dirt bike
I'm a veteran that has loved riding my whole life had to quit 7 years ago and now I can ride again thanks to ebikes and it does hurt seeing them excluded. The truth is having the emtb has actually turned my life around
The beauty of a mountain bike is that you get out of it what you put into it. E-bikes let’s face it, are a different sport. They’re motorcycles. Literally.
I want an e-bike but I have plain old standard bikes that work for me. There simple, frugal and cover the terrain I feel comfortable with. A simple life i guess. Maybe some day it will happen. Just get out there and ride. Thanks for sharing.
At 69 ,hip replacement, quad bypass, my e bike lets me ride with my daughter in some places who rides a standard mountain bike. I wish in could ride more places. Standard mountain biker tend to be snobs sometimes. Oh well maybe with videos like this it will get better Thanks
This is an extremely rational and well put summary of both sides of the ebike debate, but on a much more personal and relatable level. Fantastic video
I for one have always thought you'd want an ebike considering your self professed lack of cardio or fitness. Aside from people with actual disabilities, you seem like precisely the target market.
I don't have anything against them, but I don't agree with the name "E-Bike". It has a motor and you can pedal as well, it's a moped. An eMoped even.
This video is rather informative. I know almost nothing about E-Bikes.
You are also excluding your own opinion...
no way I just heard Seth "the boomer" bike hacks say "you were kinda cooking"🤣 That gen Z talk is rubbing of on ya
You need to look at actual HR data. On a dinobike i hit a similar avg heart rate, probably max more often but I really FEEL it in with heavy beating heart beats. On the eebs I avg around the same, hit the highs on downhills, but i dont get that thump in the chest which makes you think you're not working as hard..  My experience anyway... And post heart attack, wouldnt be riding without it.....
For me the thing with ebikes is the battery technology has  not caught up with the rest of ebike engineering and design.  Some claim 5 years of battery life. I ride in the northern latitudes and batteries and cold don't go together to well and after 5 years manufacturers will have stopped making that particular model of battery.  Then I'm stuck with ebike without a battery.
you don't have one because you are not 72 and want to still ride at that age.
If an e-bike is being used for a journey that otherwise would have been taken by car, I love it. But where I ride, it is not uncommon to have somebody come flying up behind you on a climb and you don't know if it's a pro trying for a KOM or somebody on an ebike. I'll hop out of the way, struggle to get clipped back in only to discover it was somebody on an ebike asking if I could move over
I think ebikes don't make as much sense for mountain biking and road cycling. Ultimately they're hobbies and the analogue element adds a much greater deal of enjoyment. I think Ebikes are best as practical tools, boring bikes, something you use to get to work and the shops. Mountain bikes though are toys not tools and you should ride the bike that brings you the most joy
I cannot see the point of putting an electric motor on a MTB when there are peddles on them.
"The fitness barrier is the whole point of mtb".... No its not, going downhills is the entire point...
I love my Fuel exe
I don't own an ebike but when a group wants to do laps where there's no shuttles or lifts, we rent ebikes and have a blast. Btw-  The only people who hate ebikes are the racer types that seem to believe they own the trails because they own the Strava KOM  segments. Their fear of losing their Strava KOMs to an ebiker enrages them.....but wait, Strava has never paid for any of the trail building, but ebikers certainly have contributed their volunteer time and money into trail builds and maintenance.
Ebike for old cyclist
Nothing against e-bikes but I’m planning to stick with my acoustic mountain bike as long as I can.
4:45 This is how urban ebikes differ wildly from emtbs. With emtbs you pedal just as hard to go farther and ride longer, but ultimately you're speed limited due to the terrain whereas a urban ebike can be pushed to 60+km/h and actually give you a good workout and reduce your commuting time. Of course I'm not talking about the 5kW motorcycles, but the 250-1000W ebikes out there that give you just enough extra speed without removing you from the equation.
Thanks Seth for another excellent video.  I bought an e gravel bike to keep up on local group rides.  I rode it hard and frequently for six weeks, then rode a my regular bike on a course I ride a lot.  On that unassisted 30 mile ride I had 3 segment PRs and 4 second place segments.  I was shocked at the results.  It drove home the point that you get out what you put in, whichever bike you ride.
Please come back to NC we need real celebrities here!  Love your channel man.
It been awhile from the street trial bike
I maintain there are TWO kinds of mountain bikers: Those who Love E-bikes....and Those who WILL!
...despite having everything else...🤔
It is about time Seth make video about ebike. And was hoping you would convince pisgah district allowing ebike.  Why is BLM owned 18 roads in fruita now allows ebike since last year.   It is fun and still can work out.
I still can't figure out WHY E-bikes aren't allowed on some trails? Are they to fast up hill?
I also think part of the problem with excluding ebikes is because there's also an undercurrent of elitism for people with "real" bikes.  You said it yourself, you don't like using ebikes because you bike for the cardio.  That easily extrapolates to some people as being "lazy".  Especially since they're more expensive.  Every hobby likes to hate on people with expensive gear, and ebikes make this doubly true.
Seth seems like the type of guy with a lizard
I am 14 and I ride a specialized turbo Kenevo expert.
Seth's next video: "I guess this is my new E-bike"
I look at e-mountain bikes as a way to ride places and do things that you simply can't on an acoustic bike. Chris Akrigg's movie "Full Force" exemplifies this notion perfectly.  I've been riding dirt bikes all my life (and skateboarding). I'm new to mountain biking (have been out 5 times now - 3 at a bike park). I bought a nice enduro bike to start out with because that's what I identified with the most coming from the dirt bike world. What's funny is that I'm struggling with the opposite of what you were talking about. It's the lightness of the bike over the jumps and drops that's freaking me out. I'm starting to get used to it though. I have actually already purchased an enduro e-bike, but I haven't put it together yet. I'm sure that when I get it together and start riding it that people are going to hit me with all the stereotypes I've been hearing so much of. Especially that I 'm on one because of my age (I'm 61). Hopefully though, I'll be able to say "yea, ...follow me", and that will shut them up.
Great video! Another point: EMTBs are also much harder on trail surfaces, so places like Pisgah that don't see as frequent trail maintenance would suffer if they allowed them.
I’ve been contemplating getting an e bike for the fitness. I’m 320lbs and a former hs athlete so I’m still fairly fit but if I ride 10-20 miles and get tired, I still want to be able to get home
The age is near......... eMTB soon ;)  I got one about 6 months ago, and the extra places you see, the longer days, and just more and more enjoyment!
Seth's next video: "I got a pet lizard!"
I have both types and everyone should ride what they have or want to ride. If you don’t like Ebikes don’t ride one. Keep your comments friendly or to yourself on the trails.
Anyone whose ever ridden one long distances knows just how much it sucks to pedal when you run out of charge. I have mine modified as a logistical unit (it can carry a LOT of weight) and let me tell you, you do NOT want that thing running out when you gotta go up a hill. You wanna work your cardio? Well your exercise will be directly proportional to your inability to ration out power. 😄 But man, let me tell you when you're carrying 2 months of groceries and flying downhill at 80KMH, makes it all worth the while.
I don't own one. I got a bus pass to take me to stores. Recreation? I need the challenge (hills) and effort. Keeps me in shape. Just me. For elderly or those with joint/lung problems...yeah I can see it.
I grew up on a motorcycle rather than a bicycle, and I definitely feel more comfortable jumping on an Ebike
2 years for me before ebike I have enduro and DC bike that I love
I used to ride Cube AMS all carbon xc bike for probably 12 years. I loved that bike, but as I got older, I started developing issues with knees, where I was unable to continue riding after climbing a starter hill (10km continuous climb). After 18 years of bike riding, I was done... well, until I bought an ebike. I didnt want to get an ebike at first, I planned to buy new trail bike, but I discovered ebike at the same price and so I bought it. And ever since I got it, I rode even more and more often than before. Longer trails, stepper climbs, harder rides, etc. It made a lot difference for me, and I even ride it in much colder temperatures, than I would ride my old bike before.   I'll be 35 soon and I hear a lot from other people that ebikes are for old farts, but screw them. Ebike brought me back to cycling and enabled me to go much further than before. I now go in the hills every other day after work, doing 40-50km per ride, I'm faster at climbs and have much more time to enjoy donwhill trails. I havent been to bike park with it yet, I would probably rent a regular bike for that anyways, but for trails and hills I have close by , Im really happy to have an ebike.  I still have my old carbon xc, I renovated it and use it as a commute bike to work these days. I tried to go the same road as I do with ebike and while I made it all the way, the climb was way too slow and much less enjoyable after 2 years of pure ebike riding..  So it really depends. If you are a rider that goes to trailparks a lot, ebike is probably not for you. But If you have hills with tons of trails, just barely 1km away from your flat and you want to get some action after work, ebike might be a valid option for you :)
Do they have one that’s as light as a regular bike that you could decouple the motor from the drivetrain for folks that pedal deep into the woods but peter out trying to get home. I’m a 300lb rider that’s been trying to do more XC type riding but I’m always wary of getting winded 20 miles into a ride.
E-bikes for commuting are the real deal. Not being all sweaty at your destination is great lol
I used to be well against them, until I tried one a few years ago. It allowed our then 10yo to ride and enjoy Queenstown (NZ) bike park all day (the gondola was closed), and I still got a good work out by riding in the minimal power setting all day, no recharge needed!  Our rules here in Australia are a bit different to the US I believe - our e-bikes are all pedal assist, peak power limited, and the motor cuts out at I think 25 kph - basically bicycles that help people ride up hills. They fit in pretty well with other riders generally. It seems (looking in from over here), there are a lot of e-bikes in the US that are basically electric motos with [optional] pedals, that would be kinda sketchy - and they are treated like motos in Australia.  When I get too old to ride analog, I will absolutely have an e-bike or two to keep enjoying riding.
More ups and downs in less time. Huge selling point. Busy life makes e mtb a must now.
Why don"t I have a recumbent in my fleet.
You NEED it for Kanuga
the best thing about riding Ebikes is it makes you want to ride
For short and quick explanation.. EMTB is not for everybody...
Solid eMTB review
I read some of these comments about it makes you less fit. I will lose my cardio. Ther bikes are heavy.  You will not be less fit if you don’t want to. If you ride around constantly in turbo then yeah you may lose fitness. But you can make it as hard orcas easy as you want. The cardio issue is the same thing too. But I have been in turbo up a climb going as fast as I can and I’m wiped out!  Then the one I love the most, it heavy! Lol! If you ride a dh bike form say 2004 to 2012 then dh bikes were between 40 and 50 lbs!  Weight is down low and feels so much better and soaks up alot of the chatter when going down. These are just what I f up ave learned riding a e bike for 4?seasons now. Ti each their own! I sold all my bikes, had 4 of them, and only have one so it all e bike !  Ride on peoples
Would someone actually say something if you took an e-MTB to Pisgah? Genuinely curious.  I could see Berm Park given how many people are there but there are so many networks around me that don't "allow" them yet I've never heard a word from anyone.
One thing about the E-bike for me is that it gives me safety and freedom to exercise. I have asthma, and normally going out and biking any distance is a risk, but with the e-bike I have a throttle that means the bike can get me home/to safety even if I physically can't. As you mentioned the increase in speed is also great and I regularly push myself to 30+mph.
good
It seems like one significant (not the only) reason you do not own an ebike is because many sites in your area do not permit them yet.  Such restrictions are stupid and will ultimately change, but I get it.  I also get not wanting to diminish your fitness with an ebike.  I resisted the temptation for a long time but bought one shortly after turning 60 this year.  For me, with a decent but not great fitness level and an increasingly-uncooperative right knee, the ebike has been a game-changer.  On a regular bike, chasing my more fit friends through the woods is certainly great exercise but also more a study in grim determination than fun.  The ebike shifts the balance more towards fun and less towards exercise.  I wish I had bought one years ago.
And so there you are, backing out of the room slowly
What’s with noobs  putting duck tape on handle bars ?
E-bikes are tempting to ride on, but not all of us can afford that luxury, and would love to ride one.
I've been on a E bike for 5 yrs.  I will agree you will lose 25% leg power ridingvE only. However we just completed a 2hr ride with heart rate at 170 for 1 hr 30 minutes of it.  When you ride them with a fast group and chase each around( just like analog group) your cardi workout is there.   As you stated now that you have kids and are busy I would bet you burn more calories on the E if you ride both for 2 hrs in the Sam place.   Bentonville is great for E. There are 2 guys from Michigan there now riding. The 60 yr old guy is recovering from cancer. He rode that bike through all the treatment and Is now riding in remission.   Dupont is behind for whatever reason. I ask the locals.. u guys have any friends that might join you on rides there if they could ride the E bike ?
An acoustic bike?
I started with ebike for commuting and then one day i got into a dirt road... Now i ride both electric and analog and i enjoy them both. Kind of same same but different!
I love my bike. I has a great first summer riding it. I did also just buy a dual suspension regular bike too so I switch it up.
Love my EMTB. I've ridden all my local spots for years on my acoustic / regular hard tail. Once I started to have some knee problems, weight gain and ... pushing 50 yrs old, Climbing steep hills wasn't fun anymore. I decided to get one after trying my friends EMTB. Since then Im having so much more fun than I ever had before. It might not be for everyone ... but it works out well with for me. Love my modern mo-ped.
A recent study found that e-bike owners get more cardio overall due to their increased range and more frequent riding. For me, an e-bike helped me unlock more range and while I no longer ride the e-bike I think it accelerated me on the path to serious cycling.
I’m almost 60. I ride both my Trance 29er and my Specialized Turbo Levo. Both are great. On the e bike I can tractor my 8 yr old grandson up the many big hills in my forest and or do lots of exploring on my own. On my Trance we hit the many developed single track trails. Best of both worlds…
E-bikes do tear up the trails in the desert. But I think I have more of an issue with people who own e-bikes vs the e-bikes themselves. I hope that changes soon! People just need to learn etiquette, and I see more beginners on e-bikes not taking the time to learn it.   Also some of the more advanced trails around me use to be limited because you had to have the cardio to get to them, so now we are getting a lot more injuries and brake bumps from the heavy bikes just holding brakes the entire way down. Just a little cultural shift will need to happen, and its going to! E-bikes are too much fun to ban.
I have a Rail 7 and it has enabled me to keep riding when I would otherwise might have had to stop.  Not that old (66+) but a lot of mileage and the legs/knees aren't what they were 30 years ago.
I'm really glad you did this video. Till now I just though you were being kind of an elitist, but I can see that I was wrong. Thank you.
Well yes in that specific location and with those nice bike parks around of course. When you live in the alps and you want to do 2k elevation in an afternoon and be back on time to have dinner with the kids.... emtb.
I got back into riding mtb because of e-bikes. My dirtbike is great but I can go ride trails in my neighborhood now because of emtb’s
Why I own an E MTB; I'm 75 years old.
E during Florida summers, analog during the winter. I ride both all the time. Like you said, it’s apples to oranges. All about getting out and having fun.
I own both, a stumpy and a levo SL.  The e-bike allows me to still get out on days I am exhausted and still have a great time.  The acoustic is a better time when I have the energy, its much lighter.  Having both gives me more options.
I think if you want to go down the ebike path for you I would almost do  a diy ebike build in uiur shop
Props Seth for covering the topic of e-mtb's.  As a 62 y/o life long biker with 2 knee replacements, I bought my first e-mtb (Specializied Levo) after my surgeries and absolutely loved it. I hadn't had so much fun on a bike since I was 12 years old - not to mention the e-assist enabled me to continue the sport I love. While the full-power e-mtb is heavy, I then added a Trek Fuel e-xe to the stable which looks like it may have been the bike you rented in Bentonville - carbon frame, mid-power (smaller/lighter battery) and nearly silent. An awesome bike with just enough assist for the climbs - and yes, I sweat.  You are spot-on as far as how different areas are more/less progressive to allow e-mtbs - there is confusion as to e-assist and a e-dirt bike that can tear up the trails and go far faster, so often they just ban anything "e"
My e-bike has changed my life. I grew up racing on the road as a junior for about a decade and then stopped around the age of 16 when I got bored of riding on the road. For the next few years I lived a very sedentary and gained about 100lbs.   Since discovering e-bikes last year I have been averaging about 4hrs of zone 2 cardio a week. Plus I’ve discovered the world of mtbing and have become obsessed with becoming more skilled on the trails. If you see me in DuPont or Pisgah please don’t call the cops
All the e mtb users I know are older mountain bikers who's knees have gotten rusty and the options were an e mtb or never bike a trail again
If your trails aren't open to eBikes, sounds like that has a lot to do with why you don't have one, yet.. Love my eBike! It's actually better on DH than my enduro! less chatter, since it's hard to bounce that much weight around. Have fun on your future eBike, it's coming.. =)
The only reason I've avoided e-bikes is that I knew I'd want one and I don't have the money to buy one. This summer I tried a couple and I was right. It's just different and takes some time to get used to.   Either way, I've also been on group rides where some have e-bikes and some do not, and it's fine when everyone is on the same page. Also if it's snowy, it's nice when the e-bikers can plow the way.
Idon't have an ebike. But I DO have $10,000 more in my bank account.
I am trying to get back into mountain biking and I am wondering what you would suggest. Hard tail vs full suspension xc bike? Thanks!
Your thinking about it! Lol I’ve rented a e-bike in bentonville and the amount of trail you cover and explore is amazing. Still don’t own one but that because I’m a teacher with two boys. Still not cheap enough!!
Love Bentonville and places like Kanuga for ebikers. They help people who cant ride mountain bikes for whatever reason still have fun. These places also keep ebike jerrys out of pisgah and off of mountain bike trails (for the most part)
Toby Keith said it best, I'm not as good as I once was, but I'm as good once as I always was. At nearly 70 I use my Ebike to fill in when I need a rest but still want to ride. The physical exercise isn't as important as keeping your skills sharp on off days.
Don’t just get an e-bike, build one instead!
I live on a glorified sandbar, with almost zero hills. Those hills that we have are just gentle slopes. Even though I am an old Boomer, (but not a MAMIL), I see no need to get an e-assist on my bikes.
I only do ebikes. What once killed my knees after a couple miles now kills my knees after 25 miles. I can go across my whole town, pick up a snack, and come all the way back after a day of riding and still only be a bit sore.
The problem with this video is that you're only reviewing full fat e-bikes. Modern lightweight e-bikes pretty much negate every critique you had here. The weight when heading downhill and jumping and such isn't nearly as noticeable on a 40lb lightweight e-bike, and you definitely will get a work out only getting 30-60Nm of assist. I was outright anti e-bike until I spent a weekend with a buddy's Rise... I was riding further and faster, and riding with a higher average heart rate and more energy expenditure over the ride. The big difference was that I wasn't blowing myself up on climbs to waste five minutes recovering before hitting the descents, I was motoring up the descent with a respectable assist, getting to the top after some exertion but just rolling straight into the descents and having a way more enjoyable ride overall. They're not for everybody, and if I wasn't putting a few thousand miles in on the road every year I might have more guilt over it but, for me, a lightweight e-bike is the most fun way to experience the trails.
It’s only a matter of time 😉
Seems the word isn't out that e-bikes are not allowed in DuPont.  Last time I was there, about 25% of people I saw were on ebikes.  Given the politics and history of that great trail system and the power that hikers and equestrians have over mountain bikers, it wouldn't surprise me if DuPont starts to consider banning all bikes.   It's already under consideration for parts of Moab.  A few months ago, sitting around the table at Mulberry Gap, I was having this conversation with other mountain bikers.  The others said I was exaggerating about ebikes at DuPont.  A woman approached our table and said "I heard you talking about ebikes in DuPont.  We're riding our ebikes there tomorrow.  How likely is it we'll get caught and will they take our bikes if we do?"  Her timing was only outmatched by her selfishness, laziness, and stupidity.
You should do this same type video but with a downhill bike
An e-bike sounds like the perfect bike for me. I don't want to ride to hit all the trails. I want to ride to explore the back country dirt roads. The old logging roads that I'd typically ride my ATV down, just in a more calm and slower way to enjoy the nature. Easily something I can do on a normal bike. But this would just make me want to go further and explore more in a day.
For me biking isn't' so much about going up/down - I just want to enjoy the amazing nature. But I've had a busted knee for the last 12 years that started to hurt while riding or even walking for long distances. Even level ground just hurt after a while. I'm around 30yo for reference... With the ebike I've been able to *finally* make some progress. 5 months later, I'm up from just 60 Watts hurting me after half an hour, to 90 being fine for 2+ hours. I've even been able to climb with less than turbo mode which, believe me, is such a great feeling. Please don't judge us ebike riders, guys 😊
Currently recovering from a major injury.  The e-bike has been huge for keeping me on the trail and keeping me somewhat fit.  Moreover, the mental health gains of being able to still participate in riding have been immeasurable.  With that said cant wait to get back to acoustic riding.  TBH the e-bike will probably collect dust once I'm back on an acoustic.
I got my first real mountain bike and it was a full suspension e bike
🎉
If you buy an ebike do not buy a trek or specialized, they are the least serviceable ebikes that I've worked on in the shop
I ride both. Im bicyxual. 😂
More people on the trails is actually a bad thing.  They do make you feel more fit than you are and thats also bad.  To me its not even the same sport as mountain biking.  On the downs they dont feel playful and are harder to throw around and for me thats no fun.
I bought this year a hardtail e bike. The area where I live is heavily congested and hilly, so i use it for everything, groceries, work, i have a trailer for my kid as well. For me its a life saver. But for the trails I only use my Propain Spindrift, thats it, keeping those two worlds apart.
+ I don't have money for an E-bike.
You should get a cheap e bike and upgrade it 😊
So is he getting a pet lizard or not?
Oh I cant wait until someone makes a helmet with sensors that sends signal to the bike to start pedaling, do bunny hops, willy's and stuff. You can even eat pizza while hitting big doing a front flip. Oh boy! The brilliant mind doesn't stop. All for the sake of business and enovation.
i can go 20km and 500m height with a 540wh battery thats all having 95kg + bike and water
If having two kids and a lot of work will make you a blob then... are you an e-dad and an e- employee/boss.   An e-bike is a bike. You can't use it if you don't pedal. Years ago someone would say that a carbon 29" full suspension bike with tubeless tires and 11-52 cassette is not a real bike.   I'm not saying that everyone should like it, use it, want it. But if it takes you on the trail and back, gives you the smile and you have to pedal for it then it's a bike.
Happy to see you continuously working with Evan while you're in bentonville.
I think the non-e-bikes should not be called normal bikes, as the e-bikes are currently more normal in a lot of places than non-e-bikes and plenty of e-bike people say "you have to be kidding you arrives here on THIS" to my '90 mtb. The non-e-bikes should be called muscle bikes, as it sounds more kick-ass <3 and puts more emphasis on the muscle power of the rider
Highly recommend converting your Big Dummy to an e-bike.  Could make for a cool video too.
I rented a bike from that same shop a few weeks ago while we were on vaca!      as for eMTB... a few times while I was biking during that week I could see what all the rage is for wanting ebikes...there are a lot of hill climbs. That said, I was able to do pretty well with just a high end full suspension rental with just my own leg power and in the end am glad I didn't get the ebike. I felt way more accomplished and I enjoyed the super light weight of the bike.  I have a bafang kit I pulled off an old 26in mtb, and am on the hunt for an old 29er to stick it on for some random fun now and then.
1:04 This hits a little too close😅I ain’t as fit as I once was, but I’m strong AF once, as I ever was😂
i gave in last year, turned 50, and got an ebike, mid power.  its has given me ability to go up trails I couldnt before and now want a full power to be able to further faster and higher.
I have an eMTB and an regular MTB. I ride both about equally. I can 100% guarantee my riding has improved on both the eMTB and MTB because of the number of laps i can get in on my local trail when on the eMTB. You hit more corners, and you hit many of the corners faster as well. Cornering technique and line choice has improved so much. All in all, I have to admit I enjoy the MTB slightly more that the eMTB, but the eMTB definitely leaves me smiling and its convenient for fitting in a lot of riding with limited time. The eMTB is also awesome for exploring and cutting in new trails. 100% recommend if you just like being on 2 wheels.
Super cool video, love the open perspective. Loved seeing that Evan made it into a vid!
I love the honest explanation, i hope you continue to be a pure mtn biker , you are quickly becoming the last mtn bike youtuber who hasnt been bought by the e bike companies
Planning on getting an eMTB for next season. Main reason for doing so is to extend our rides. I'm not the fittest guy around, and have no issues riding 2-3 hours on my current MTB in the local trails, but I feel it physically. Occasionally my friends and I want to travel to explore trails outside the immediate area we live, that that required 1-2 hours driving one-way. So when you start doing the math of drive time vs ride time, having an eMTB at my disposal makes those day trips more worth it.   One example, we travel to a mountain that's 90 min door to trail. On my current MTB I'll take 15-20 min riding up to the top, another 10-15 recuperating, and 2-3 minutes down. After 5-6 runs, I'm physically done with the climbing bit, and that is a full day adventure. Recently we rented eMTB's to visit the same mountain, using mid-level assist (not turbo mode), I managed 10 runs, physically I could have gotten more in, but we got a later start to the day than we normally do, and were running out of daylight,  we also had to return the bikes prior to closing time (rental closed before the mountain).  Physically I felt like I could do another 5 runs if the time permitted.   The other benefit we look forward to us longer distance in our local 2-3 hour rides. It will allow us to go further, explore more trails that are out of our current reach. It lets us experience more of the local trails than what our current physical limitations allow us.  Looking forward to have both a MTB and eMTB at my disposal, where my MTB will be more useful in the slower more technical trails when more power/weight is more hinderance.
That not really ebike
These new Bentonville videos are so awesome. They remind me of florida Seth, keep the awesome content rolling!
This is how everyone felt about 29ers when the first hit the market!!! Now 29er dominate. EMTB s are much more FUN. If you cant man handle a 50 pound bike you really need to hit a gym. Im sure your wife weighs more than 50lbs and im sure you can handle that😂😂
I don't ride an e-bike. I have nothing against them, and really, pretty much the same reasons as you. The thing is, I'm extremely glad they're an option and I'll get an e-bike if at any point I don't have the fitness or youth enough to pedal my non-e-bike. I like that the option is there if I need it.
Some food for thought having both will give you a more well rounded workout and help you develop skills for both. One sharpens the other.
Thanks seth...I'm 68 and my wife just passed away.....I bought an etrike and I ride every chance I get.....I love your videos....I got to key west 4 or 5 times a year and think about your ride with alex...thanks Bob
E-bike requires trails with impossible climbs and super technical moves, but you can still ride with your friends if you like. Expect to climb 3x more distance then acoustic. I hear comments on the trail like that bike is a beast. E-bike is twice the fun at twice the speed.
Seth speaking to the ebike Industry: who offers me more?
To include more people, maybe consider a motorcycle, a quad, and maybe a volkswagen..? Love how you explained everything. big fan. Keep it up!
You both convinced me that I want an e-bike and convinced me otherwise several times throughout the video.
If you're time squeezed an Ebike is a great way to to get a local loop in you'd not normally have time for. I only ride once a week, a Sunday all day with mates, but If I had an Ebike I could fit in at least 1 local lap which is around 1-1.5 hours on a normal bike to as little  as 30 minutes or 1 hour top.  That's riding I'll not be getting otherwise and the increased tempo means I'd still be working as hard.   Not that I can afford one and GMBN don't give away stunt Ebikes for a caption.
I’m ok with my analog bikes for now. I get around just fine.  E bikes are still too expensive for me and certainly way too heavy.  My bike is also my main workout.  Thx for the vid !
1:45 'Ebikes are all fun and games until you want to feel the feeling of riding an actual bicycle'
Nothing wrong with not wanting one.  I have one now but didn’t want one for a long time. I ride it for fun the fun factor.
There are a lot of people riding e-bikes where it's not really actually allowed - the industry and MTB trail community really needs to nail this down in the next few years. Policy and rules seem really scatter-shot in the USA right now. I get the sense in Europe that the ship has sailed and it's not an issue anymore (?)  The folks for whom the e-bike is their only MTB, you can understand there's always going to be a pressure to poach when all their buddies on conventional bikes are allowed to ride somewhere and they aren't. Either you're breaking up riding groups or people are going to break the rules. Take your pick (?)  If you're a trail network with minimal staffing and zero enforcement, how do you even keep e-bikes off your property from a practical perspective? Seems to me that eventually it becomes a fait accompli and e-bikes will be allowed everywhere, just due to inertia at this point.
I know you're a very mtb focused channel, but honestly I think e-bikes just make most sense on a commute. One of these e-mtbs would be awesome for a commute (once you add fenders) but probably overkill when you could get an aventon or similar.
I was thinking about recording some of my rides on strava, then saw the leader of the steepest hill in town went up at an average of 27 mph. Ebikes suck
If there is anything that is going to carry the MTB manufacturers through the doldrums it will be the e-bikes bought by folks like me. I'm in my 60s with a couple covid-kilos (or ten) looking to get out and spend more time cruising than hike-a-bike up the local foothills.
@sethsbikeshacks  give Get Outside Daily Rentals a shout and we'll bring you a Canyon Spectral On: CF8 to ride anytime while you're still there!
Next: Why I STILL do not own an recumbent bike? :)
If it weren't for my eeeeb I wouldn't of gotten back into Mtn biking the way I did. Gained my confidence back riding way quicker than I would of on a muscle bike. I live in NC and it's coming, we need to get with the times. Head across the pond and they are completely accepted. And I still get a work out, not like I would on a muscle bike but I wouldn't get half the riding in that I do on the eeeeb. And as far as drops and jumps they are really stable with the weight. GET ONE! AND EEEEEEEEEB IT!
I’m 72 years old & ride my bicycle for exercise. An E bike would reduce physical benefits & also pinch my budget. Live in a Colorado area with many uphills. But the exercise strengthens my legs to reduce stress on my artificial knees.
I like to refer to the non motorised bikes as acoustic bikes. Much more on brand for Seth too I think
I'm an amputee rider (below knee) and my Scott 940 carbon bike was around $2400 (LOVE IT) and the Scott e950 (?) is $7k. So for me and the overage rider or even NON rider, yeah its cost prohibitive.
Next video.....why I bought an Ebike! 😂😂 Great video btw as always
Of course you dont want an e-assist MTB, get a e-assist cargo bike first.  The Bullitt is a great option for mountian bikers cause it kind of a mountain bike platform.
The best thing about ebikes is that they allow older riders and disabled continue to ride.
Whats up with the lizard man?
As a downhill / mtb rider that lost the ability to ride at 23 - I was kind of afraid to watch this video. Edit: Ended up pleasantly surprised, I find most videos approaching this topic dismissing the people whose life has changed and their desires were cut short.
Love the outro
do it!
E-bikes the best thing I ever bought, gave me loads more confidence on drops as well.
Young people ride e bikes too 😂 if you wanna ride more, then ride an ebike
im fine on my enduro bike with a coil shock(no lockout), non ebike. i do xc on it sometimes with my friends and im faster than half of them
Weight. Cannot carry bike on roof rack or tailgate rack. Too heavy.
Nothing makes my sausage softer than seeing batteries and an actual motor on a bicycle.
Ebikes are for photo and videographers so we can be fast and carry gear haha
Thanx for a great video! I personally wouldn't get an e-mountain bike, BUT I'd love to be able to get one for my wife who agreed to ride with me if she could have one. It would give her the confidence to go on a longer ride with me and not feel like she's 'holding me back'. Alas, a whole month's salary isn't enough to buy one so I will sadly have to continue to ride alone for now...
3:28 you meant to say "amish bike"
E-bikes are amazing (at the right time). I bought one when I was at my best and it dominated my riding life for a good few years, but now I struggle massively on my normal bike. So my advice to people is, use one when needed but if you still enjoy a standard bike use it or loose the ability you have to ride it at your best. But I really do love my Ebike (so much I have 2)
You're a smaller guy, so the percentage of total weight that e-bike is makes up quite a lot. For a bigger guy like me, the same e-bike is a smaller percentage. I'm very comfortable with it in the air and it feels great so I think that's a contributing factor to why you probably don't like it since it looks like you're a smaller fella
What trail are you riding at 1:51? Looks SOO Flowy
Emtb all the way! Long, exhausting climbs for 5 minutes decents , not my style any more...were I living in flat area, wouldn’t consider the Emtb, but on mountainous trails the Emtb is the way to go
The Pinion MGU e1.12 will surely convince you. Ex Porsche engineers.
I was actually thinking about getting my 8yo kid on an e-Bike mainly to have her be able to keep up with me on long climbs. But then again I don’t want her to get too spoiled from early age. Yes, they’re fun & you can do ALOT more on e-bikes but it kinda makes me cringe when I see waaaay too many fit people these days simply relying on them & not pushing limits… sure if you’re doing mainly gravity stuff and purely downhill I see the point but in most trail riding I don’t see the point unless you have physical limitations… I’m a fit XC guy so I’d never go on an e-bike as it defeats the purpose of my physical challenge.
Within 5 years Walmart will be selling ebikes
I think ebikes are for more practical uses like commuting or delivery jobs. If you get to choose where you are riding, the benefit of an electric motor becomes less relevant.
Personally have no interest in an eBike for mountain biking, for many of the same reasons Seth voiced, but I *do* really want an e-cargo bike. Prior to having kids I used my bike almost exclusively for in-town transportation. Grocery runs, errands, etc. That kinda becomes untenable with two young children, but there are a number of cargo style family eBikes that I could haul my two young children and a load of groceries on w/o breaking a sweat, burning gas, or putting miles on our aging vehicles. If an eBike is in my near future it's gonna be a cargo bike.
I feel they are basically a motocross bike. Which if I wanted, I would buy, there's something g satisfying about "earning" your runs.
I am still something of an acoustic bike purist. I think an ebike defeats the entire reason I ride. (Also, I turned into a blob *despite* biking every day.) That said, i think in an ideal world people would commute to work on ebikes instead of in cars.
i personally just don't care about an e-bike. i want to pedal, not have assistance with pedaling. i want good exercise.
Yeah but you're a bike park, dirt jumper guy.  To us x-country riders, e-bikes are cheating.....plain and simple.  If you are going to put a motor on your bike, why not just get a motorcycle and be done with it?  I can see the application in certain circumstances, and I've actually sold many e-bikes to customers, but as for myself.........PASS.  (Perhaps when I'm 80, but by then they will probably have hover bikes.)
How the hell am I suppose to get work done if you keep dropping videos back to back to back to back…..
reg bike= keeps you fit and parts last ok, 250w ebike= great for people with motability and health issues ,1500w ebikes= motorbike basically lol
Naturally aspirated bicycles are just better.
All valid points!
Totally agree, the cardiovascular benefits of a proper bike far outweigh the advantages of being able to rush up a push up.... keep peddling while you can....🤔
TLDR - they are practically banned where Seth lives
It’s a slippery slope—soon enough people will demand the trails be opened to motorized recliner chairs because It GeTs PeOpLe OuT oN tHe TrAiL!
Here the ebikes go from 7k to 12 and more. A good enduro bike go from 3k to 5k. Of course there are no-ebike more expensive but who cares? The middle ones are pretty good and there is a reason all these companies are selling less and less.
I love jumping my Turbo Levo, in my opinion the weight helps it just carry through the air. Super stable
Every time I get passed by an e-bike on the uphill while I’m slogging away drenched in sweat, I wish I had one. But I guess that’s kind of the point that I’m slogging uphill drenched in sweat. I go biking as much for the workout as for fun.  If I had a ton of extra money I’d like one as a supplemental niche bike,
When I was a kid I never thought I would spent hundreds of dollars on a bicycle. Now as an adult I can't fathom not spending thousands on a bike. Even just a hardtail.
I ride Mountainbikes since 93 and BMX before. The artificial trails in our woods were built since 2015. I was riding fireroads and natural trails on my hardtail eversince and as a former BMXer I love the jumps today. It is weird that we have to find a reason for refusing ebikes. I do not own one because I love pedalling uphill as much as I love to shred a trail downhill. That's it. No explanation needed.
So when you gonna test ride that pet lizard you're on about??
Nice to see Evan from Mtbsaga in Seth's video
We call 'regular' MTBs Acoustics. You can ride an eMTB anywhere you like regardless of the 'regulations'. Your problem is is that you are ignorant to the difference between 'legal' and Lawful. Get educated I'm almost 62 and in the best shape of my life DUE to my eMTB. The main problem eMTBs is that they are addictive AND expensive to maintain because of the mileage you will put on it
I love the concept of an e-mtb for exploring & covering ground, especially when on a time crunch or traveling & riding new trails, or riding multiple days in a row & not cooking my legs. I did a ride in Italy this last fall, 24mi & 5000ft of climbing in 3hrs, on just 1 bottle of water & a muffin for breakfast. Would've taken me well over 4hrs & much more water & fuel while riding - sold me! The regional legality definitely is the biggest hang-up at the moment, as the big rides out West I'd want an e-mtb for currently do not allow them. There's got to be a better way for the bike industry as a whole to work with the different legislative groups to legalize? Mtb has already had to do this once with its inception & fighting for legal trails through the 80's, 90's & early 2000's, can we not do it a bit more efficiently with e-mtb? The current method of making the various land managers react to this new class of products lends itself to less than favorable outcomes for legalization - they will err towards the size of banning e-mtb's w/o any advocacy. And in the mean-time, everyone with e-mtb's continue to ride the trails illegally, further diminishing the potential of legalization.
I agree with all of the points in this video and I truly see the benefits of affordable e-bikes becoming more popular. That being said, as someone who is in Seth's position who wouldn't necessarily benefit from an e-bike and is merely a choice for me, I think I'm sticking to a traditional mountain bike for a sort of philosophical reason. Yes I like the exercise from a traditional bike, but I also like the idea of being able to go ride at anytime, completely "unplugged", without having to remember to charge anything, and have a very "down to earth" experience when riding. When I ride my mountain bike, I get to disconnect from the technological world both mentally and physically and I really enjoy that aspect of it. I also think Seth enjoys the "back to basics" mountain biking and even though he owns very expensive, capable bikes, you see that he has just as much fun on old "less capable" bikes and loves to share with the world that all mountain biking can be fun. Also, I think I'm done with the "quotations" in this comment lol.
Some good points on ebiking here, appreciate the insights.  Interestingly, I'm more comfortable jumping my ebike because of the weight - the mass=stability for me.  Also have lived in the moto world as well, so ebike still eons lighter than my Husky.
Yeah I will have to disagree. I ride 70% e-bike (Specialized Levo) and I go back and forth and in actuality, I work harder and burn more calories on my e-bike. It isn't quite as nimble but I will trade that for hot laps.
I really don't want an e-bike (Santa Cruz Bronson & Chameleon) - but this is a very, very balanced review / commentary - where I learned a great deal.   Both balanced and informative.    Nice one!
I don't own an e-bike, but I rent them on vacations. If you only have 1-2 days on a bike to explore a new area, they are great. Your reach is just much higher.
For me e bikes are the best way to make freinds get into moutain biking. I started riding mtb at the age of 14, I was all except fit and e bikes made me love cycling. With my e bike I was able to follow my father and that was really pleasant. Today I'm 18, I ride a real hardtail xc, road bike, trial bike and go out with my freinds on my tandem, thank to e bike...
To me, getting a workout on an ebike vs a standard bike is similar to riding my 12 speed FS and riding my single speed hard tail. Do I get a workout in both? Of course I do, but the single speed doesn’t let me bail out or go easy  in a climbing gear so I give way more effort. I’ve ridden an ebike a couple times and even though I try and push hard to get a good work out in I know that it’s not the same. Ebikes are cool, and I know one day I’ll buy one when I’m older and need one to keep riding.
Daniel Sapp on the Specialized! I always enjoyed his reviews on Pinkbike back in the day.
You had me at     “It’s not a real mountain bike” 😂
One of the best things about my E-bike, is the incredible stability I feel in the air when I'm hitting jumps. It's almost like defying gravity and experiencing the thrill of being weightless. The electric assistance helps me gain momentum and control, making those jumps smoother and more enjoyable than ever. So E-bikeing helped me do more difficult trails. And i live in a country whit no mauntains😭
I have both and still ride my normal more but still love the ebike for additional rides 🤛..
I love ebikes. Not a part of my requirements, yet. Time will tell, perspective will speak.  Good perspective. Stress less, ride more.
why don't I have one - too expensive, crap warranty, crap reliability. too heavy.   We can ride them anywhere in scotland.
The fitness barrier even makes normal commuting a chore for many, including myself! Having e-assist in a hilly city like SF can really open up what seemed like an slog of a commute to a fun one where you can actually CHOOSE your routes! I love my analog for fitness and agility, but when I need to actually get somewhere... It's ebike time baby
Funny you posted this video when you did. I live in Missouri, but visit NW Arkansas quite a bit and I just got back from a two week trip there. I have always be adverse to e-bikes, but there is so much good "downhill" and flow in Arkansas that I really just want to get to the top so I can have fun going back down. This means I end up climbing a lot. Lake leatherwood alone is about a 500 foot climb each time. By the end of the trip I was looking for an e-bike. I didn't want a full 50lb+ tank because I still wanted it to feel more like a normal bike on the jumps. I ended up ordering a Specialized Kenevo SL. I haven't gotten it yet, but I'm super excited and already planning another trip to the Bentonville area.
For me the reason not to get an E-MTB is that none have the two features that could convince me: regenerative braking and front-wheel drive. As Seth says, the "makes it easier" aspect of E-bikes actually is a negative. I know myself: I _need_ properly tough climbs - I can also never quite convince myself to give my everything when I'm in a place with no hills >100 m. The aspect that would be positive is the "do things I couldn't otherwise do". But the available E-bikes wouldn't really help with the frontiers I actually encounter, or be outright counterproductive: carrying up stairs etc., going on 300 km backcountry trips, getting stuck in bogs or snow. A really light E-drive on the front that helps only in the toughest spots and completely recharges itself on the next descent, that would be the thing.  Oh, and the other reason not to go electric is that too many E-mountainbikers are jerks who rip up the trails in the wet, scare hikers and look down on riders who "only" ride an acoustic bike!
Coming from dirtbikes / moto I find regular mountain bikes too light and twitchy, much prefer the weight distribution of modern e-mtb
I'd still watch this channel if you got an E-Bike Seth.
bbs02 = $400 13ah battery $300 = take your bike, add motor and battery, and you have an eBike. Why anyone would spend thousands on these brand name ones I will never understand. They don't even have a throttle.
you've come to my same conclusion....there is an e-bike in my future....just not today.
you've come to my same conclusion....there is an e-bike in my future....just not today.
Would love an Ebike they just aren’t cheap enough yet. Especially when myself and the majority of people I know consider £2000 an expensive bike! No wonder why the biggest cycling outlet in the UK is in administration!  Much like EV cars, they aren’t for the masses unless prices come WAY down!  Will stick with my trusty analogue hardtail
ebike cardio is harder... lol... and i have raced bikes forever...
I’ve seen this story before. Three videos from now us: “I got this incredible emtb and I can’t stop smiling!” Kudos for keeping an open mind!
just turn down the assist, ebikes are amazing and it opens up the activity too a lot more people
If it takes e-bikes to get people off their couches then its a win.
So the barrier to entry is lower, your mom can get to the top of the hill... but do you want her flying down it? Sometimes the work we put in, with an un-assisted bike, helps prepare us for the harder parts of the sport. To use an e-bike to get people outside and moving more, YES! To use an e-bike to skip past the fitness and skill requirements, NO!
You should get a pet lizard.
Emtbs are the best. If I wanted to ride bikes purely for fitness alone, I'd be a roadie. To each their own but people who hate on them are just shit people in general.
I want one badly but can’t afford it right now. Too much going to pay off our daughter’s college tuition and other things. Maybe one day. I’m still ok on my analog bike for now but on the edge of 60 I feel that may not be doable in the near future where an e-bike could allow me to continue enjoying being on the trails I like.
I would get one if I wanted to spend the money ... in fact I've been tempted to get an EUC, because that looks fun as hell, but again, at that price and with no carrying capacity. it's hard to justify, especially knowing I'll only be able to use it 6 months of the year, because I'm in upstate New York
I really want an e-bike, the more you get out the better.
If you like riding enduro/trail/downhill mtb, trust me e-mtb's are blast! I mean when you get an e-mtb, you start to ride everyday, all day, you can climb impossible gnarly trails. When you get an e-mtb, you clearly become a real mountain biker, because now you have no limits,you can beat the trails, reach impossible spots and at the end of the day you save your energy to do it again. Trust me, get an e-mtb and become a mountain goat!
I remember you got the Haibikes a few years ago for your camera person and the woodworking guy.  Do they still use them?  I am considering an e-bike for my wife because hard climbs really bother her knees.  As you stated, having an e-bike would allow her to more easily ride with me and the kids because she would not put as much pressure on her knees with the pedal-assist..  The alternative is that she doesn't come.   The e-bike for christmas will keep her on the trails with us.
Watching this has been fascinating for me as somebody who lives in the middle of the bike kingdom in Switzerland. E-MTBs are the norm in my neighbourhood and I ride a Canyon Strive:ON in our woods daily. Trailheads here still mainly ride what we call "Bio-Bikes" (translated to biological bikes - MTBs without assist), but mainly because they've been riding for a long time already, since it's the most popular hobby here besides hiking. Our environment is very hilly, heck, we're in the middle of a valley almost anywhere you live in my "state", so a task as simple as riding home from work in your lunch break on a bike without assist is one hell of an Olympic workout if you don't live in the bottom of the valley.  Delivery vehicles aren't called "E-Bikes" here, more the likes of "E-Scooters", and when you say you ride an E-Bike, people here would think that you're either riding an E-MTB or an assisted commuter bike.
e-bike is definitely more of a slow burn workout. I'll ride all-day with a 110-130 heart rate, vs a 1.5 hour ride peaking 170-180bpm at times. Also doing 6-7 laps instead of 2-3.
What would be the point of an e-mtb? The electric portion is for extending range and speed of the bike to get places that would be difficult with human power alone. MTB is a sport, a physical sport. Adding an electric motor makes it a motor sport. Now it's just motorcross.
correct me if I’m wrong but the trek that you use in video isn’t classic ebike but only has the smal e motor and it has 16kg?
I have 2 ebikes, made them myself, front motor both, one of them hardtail, heavy, 700w motor, 1KWh battery, 53km/h max registered pedaling. The other full suspended, ultra mega heavy, 1.1Kw motor, 1.8KWh battery, reached almost 60KM/h, both of them give me the hardest workout, just shorter
I live in an urban area, and mountain biking used to be my escape.  I could be away from people, and alone with my thoughts, mostly thanks to my fitness and being able to ride further from civilization than most.  Ebikes have taken that from me.  I can't stand going to my local trails on a Saturday morning because it is filled with way more people, bringing a lot of inexperienced (inconsiderate) riders.  The complacency with ebikes has encouraged e-motorcycles to the trails, and the rangers don't do anything despite both being against the park rules.  The trails are now dust in the early summer when they used to be that way at the end of the season.  The thing I hate the most is being on a tough singletrack climb, and having to pull over 5 different times so eBikes can pass.  I can hear those dumb motors whirring behind me.  If you're limited by age or medical conditions, that's a valid excuse for an ebike.  Otherwise, you're robbing yourself (and me) of the experience of real biking.
Hey bud, I have a few opinions on this. You sound to me very much like the closed minded people u say ur not. I have a santa cruz heckler, it cost me 3k.. it's a 2022 mullet carbon fiber bike. Top of the line. Ebikes are the future of bikes in America. The idea that fitness is the barrier to mtb is dumb and we should all reject it, why do we have barriers into the activity we love and want to share??? Some thought there would be good. I'm happy to see u come around to emtb, as a sport we need to include more people so there is more money and participation. We need to change the toxic attitudes in mtb for it to grow.
I personally would LOVE to see e-MTB content on this channel. Thank you @SethsBikeHacks!
Tell me more about this pet lizard
E-bike is just a motorcycle. The whole purpose of a bicycle is to ride with human power.
you should build a onewheeled bike with suspension
You are not excluding riders. MTB is still ALL about the skill. E power can help, but tech climbing, jumps, tricks etc still require skill that no e-mtb can help with.
eMTBs also remove the age barrier of pedalling a heavy bike (e.g. MTB) uphill. When exploring, steep uphills are no longer a concern. EMTBS are still rideable when the battery dies. Try one; you'll love it (says this 60 year-old). If cost is a concern, get an alloy since carbon isn't so important when you have power assist.
too much stuff that can break. thats why i dont want to own an ebike
That sucks that rules prevent them from enjoying one. I got an eMTB instead of a motorcross bike for a the same reason ; I’d have to drive for hours to use it as you need to find private land or a track .   Where I live there are no restrictions on eMTB use other than the 25km/hr speed limit so that is my steed of choice now. You buy what you can use freely .
I gotta admit I really want an e bike but I’m scared that I won’t be able to go back
Awesome vid and really like seeing you and Evan working/riding together
E bikes are for riders who are too old or disabled to pedal themselves. Every other e bike riders are just lazy
XC trails with lots of sandy patches. "OH we'll just turn them off" 🤡
I was biggest ebike hater, till I tried and got one. The one's saying it's cheating or for old people, just jealous of not having one or not able to ride in USA like here in europe we have no problems to ride everywhere. Cheating? Yes sure, for 1h ride keeping 170avg bpm. More downhill = more fun, now if I would have to choose only one thing to keep with me for rest of life and sell the rest, It would be emtb.
It’s just a different sport
I’ve been on the fence on Ebikes, I just want to stay fit
for me ther's only one fact: I like to eat, so I need a real bicycle
If you buy an ebike, you might become more like Bobo. Next thing you know you are wearing wigs for skits and pretending to be 6 different people. Just a warning.
SL
Im still waiting for Seth to try riding a downhill bike
Hello. I have a question about my mech's clucth. So i have a shimano slx mech and im asking you is it normal to at the start the lucth is tight and hard, but a soon i say to some bunny hops the clucht becomes very soft? I know its not relatable to the video but im just curious to what to do. Thank you and you make great videos.
If you do dive into eMTBs, give the "lite" eMTBs a try. Lower power motors are extremely natural feeling. Still make you work for the climb, heart rate will still be way up, but just take the edge off so your joints aren't quite as sore the next day. Specialized Levo SL, Scott Lumen, Orbea Rise, Trek EXe just to name a few. Most also come with smaller/lighter batteries making "lite" eMTB Trail bikes overall weight similar to an alloy Enduro MTB.  Just because you're on an eBike doesn't mean you need to always run it at max assistance.
I have tried an eMTB once before and that was a few years ago and loved the experience. It was towards just after I had recoved from a combined cold and minor injury (enough to stop me riding safely) and going on a mountain biking weekend with my club.   I knew from the previous year at the day 3 trail we were doing I could do but it is was (for me) grewling (36 miles 4000ft elevation iir) for that trial decided to hire an eMTB and it changed a ride that I was a little worried about into an really fun ride that I enjoyed significantly more than the previous year.   I would happily go out on an eMTB again but I don't feel that I need to, I love my bike but even if I were to get a new one I probably wouldn't consider an ebike. With that said I would love a fat-e-bike cus I leave right by the beach and there are sandunes to go play one xD
The few times I've tested a mid drive bike, I absolutely hated how the shifting felt. I don't know if there are updates or how basic those systems were (Shimano and Bosch, on about 4000€ bikes) but as I'm always trying to make as smooth of a shift as I can, modulating the pedaling and using as much of the cassette I can, with an E-bike the shifts have always felt horrible and super clunky as the system won't react quick enough to ease off the power. Sure, I have super limited amount of experience so maybe I should test something double the money to see if the systems are more reactive and smooth when shifting... But I surely choose a project bike for lets say 50€ +parts than something this expensive.
E bike is for lazy people 😅😅😅
Just to confirm, we’re now referring to $3500 as affordable now?  $500 is affordable/ budget.
Get one! Life is short, have fun while you can!
3:25 The word you may be looking for there to oppose electric MTB is "acoustic MTB"
52 with dodgy painful knees, a hernia and six titanium screws holing my spine together, just bought a capra core 2, I'll get an ebike when I need one, for now I need the workout of the climbs.
If you want an e-bike better consider a motorcycle. A new horizon will open.
I ride an EMTB because I have a heart defect; both of my eBikes (another for commuting) have enabled me to continue cycling, when I thought I would have to give up cycling for good. At no time have I ever thought that you, Seth, were excluding me or others on EMTB's, simply because you do not have one. There are many different types of mountain bikes, with varying geometries, components, purposes, etc., as you pointed out. However, there are many commonalities between most all of them; the most important one is that they allow us to enjoy biking. So, I watch all of your videos, learn a lot from you, and I enjoy all of your content. Anything you discuss or demonstrate which does not directly apply to me, still strengthens my knowledge of mountain bikes, so that I can have good discussions about them with people I know. You should only buy an EMTB if you want one. I will continue to enjoy your videos whether you have an EMTB or not.
Love to see someone being real about e-bikes. For someone like me who was massively overweight I found I wouldn’t ride a traditional bike. Once I converted it to an e-bike I have lost over 120lbs in a year and I actually get out every chance I can and look forward to hills. I can also keep up with riders that are in way better shape than me and they make a game of trying to keep up on hills. Love the video keep them coming.
Seth let's be honest you don't ride any bike because you can't afford it. I mean that's clearly why the rest of us with 4-10k bikes and 2-3k in upgrades dont have one! Lol
E-Bikes are cyberpunk progression ;) There are some differents in riding character between them and normal biobikes. The weight, for example, over wet roots in a straight line is less bouncing and so... but some cornering or braking needs different timing... either tabletops, and whips I think.
Best go back to riding the penny farthing if you don't like technology
I have an E-Bike and a Me-Bike (my regular bike of course). Love both, though the E-Bike is soooo fun and I am not 70. Also, you are getting more upper body workout on the E. :D
looks like the bike companies are pushing e-bikes hard with the youtubers now 😄
I can’t afford one
I just keep my e bike in the lowest pedal assist. I get the same workout l, but im not going slower than walking speed on the hills.
The "I can do everything but carry more, do more, ride longer, drink less, etc." was why I bought mine and exactly the result I've found. It just adds smiles to the miles and allows me to have WAY more more miles, more often.
I would love to see a cheap e-mtb improved like the Kent Travail--is it worth it? (Also, is there one that is cheap/good enough to be worth the experiment?)
Silly Question on ebikes do you switch the power off when going down hill to save battery power new to this ebike
Great video Seth!  Glad to see you shooting on Schroen Train!   You made a lot of good points.  I don't have one (YET) because I can definitely use the cardio workout to keep in shape.  But I could see myself getting one when I'm more elderly and not as able to get around.  That being said, my GF & some of her friends got one and it is a total game changer.  They ride more than they ever did before and now we can go on group rides and stick together.  It evens the riding field between those who aren't as fit/skilled with those that are.  It also allows her to ride longer / further so she's not completely wiped after just a single day and we can take long weekend trips to ride multiple days.
Great video! I personally don't want an eBike for two of the same reasons you mentioned.  I test rode a couple of them in Fruita, CO and they went up great, but I hated the additional weight going down. My shoulders are fairly sensitive due to many years of BMX and having to toss around a nearly 50 pound bike isn't something I want to be doing. The other reason is I want to keep my fitness levels up and I am also pretty busy so I would rather just get my fitness on while enjoying mountain biking. It just works for me.  As I get older I may have more interest in one. Also I hope the technology reduces the weight a bunch by then. For now I am going to enjoy the workout and the ease of tossing my bike around when jumping and going downhill. 😊
My accoustic bike did show spider web formation since i bought a E .
I would love it do laps at Kanuga all day on an e-bike. But I’ll stick with my “regular” bike for all the same reasons!
Add me to the list of commenters that are saying an e-bike has kept us riding despite injuries. I've ridden mountain bikes for 20 years and now I'm turning 40 and I just had a knee reconstruction surgery due to bad genetics & a thoroughly athletic life. I had given up riding mountain bikes for a few years before my surgery because it just hurt too much, but then I got an e-bike and can get out and ride the way I used to and it's been life changing. The mountain bike community hasn't always been the most inclusive but I'm trying to bike for as long as I can and my e-bike is letting me do it for much longer.
I come from dirt bikes, an eMTB is easier to jump for me.  I feel like the eMTB helped my ability to ride my acoustic bikes also. I ride my Levo in eco mode one ride then switch to my Roscoe hard tail and can go faster longer on the Roscoe due to the lower weight and energy consumption. The eMTB has spoiled me though, I live near Airline in Charlotte and being able to do infinite laps is wonderful.
Great video Seth! While NWA might be utopia for e-bikers in the sense that everything is open to Class 1 bikes it's also a bit subjective: The climbs aren't really that long and you're basically at sea level (plenty of oxygen). Also the trails (even the techy uphills) are SO well constructed they're fairly rideable by a skilled mountain biker. In some areas out west e-bikes can shine on terrain that is uniquely distinct. Think pedalling up at 12,000+' through loose scree that only someone like Nino Schurter might clean. Or here in Moab climbing up near vertical slickrock that pushes the envelope of what's rideable. If you live in an area that's relatively flat or more rolling hills e-bikes make less sense and are harder to prove their worth. In high altitude zones or areas with extremely challenging terrain they can really shine in that department.
wait until your 50, then get one. I haven't ridden one yet, because I'm afraid if I do, I'll buy one.
Great video. I appreciate all the eMTB use cases for the physically limited, aged, or new to the sport. My two drivers are simplicity of tech (i.e. I'm broke.) and straight up exercise that I get from riding "acoustic".  My one complaint of eMTB--it amplifies the negative traits of trail bros. Dudes blasting the local Colorado front range trails putting hikers, equestrians, and riders alike on edge. The amount of trail widening Scandinavian flicks and off trail boosts is exponential when you get a brah on an eMTB. Not every ride needs to be a sick edit in the making.
My knees are shot and an e-bike would be a big help, but $3 to $5K is so much money.
I'm 44 right now, I'm holding out till my 50th birthday!  I did lose half of my right lug at the start of the pandemic during a 3 month hospital stay, I thought would have to go Eeb , but through pure determination, and grit, I have made one hell of a recovery, and I'm still on an normal MTB.
For $6599  in my country i can have full suspension MTB and Subaru Impreza STI 1998 in good condition,powered by synthetic fuels with no emissions for fully analog car with no restrictions, and do rally on both of them and it will be more reliable and cleaner for environment and 1000 times more fun.... I get the idea behind e-assist - but its negates a purpose of bicycle as a health beneficial transportation, and also add more complexity, weight, and unnecessary to have - I can go in same places that e-bike can go and I'm way behind 40's and have 4 kids in the family.... So I would say  pas on that department for myself. If people like e-mtb - go for it!! Just be outside and have fun as a normal person without sticking head in brainwashing news device or smth or sit at home hole day. 👍
I don't have an e-bike because I don't need one to get up the mountains. But if the time comes that I don't be able to pedel up the mountains by my own, I will think about buying one. ^^ So cross the fingers that this moment will be far far far in the future! :)
This video mostly makes me contemplate the fact that I don't own a pet lizard...
Still don’t want one. My health is fine, but needs pedaling to remain that way.
I’ve got zero interest in an eMTB but you bet I’ll be getting an e cargo bike to run errands
Hill climbing sucks no matter what shape you're in. If getting a Ebike means I don't have to deal with the annoying trail hill climbs Ill toss my regular mtn bike 1000%. Just waiting for prices to go down.
Just got a YT decoy and so far its a game changer. My knees are jacked from skateboarding and this really makes it easier to ride with my friends.
Hey Seth prevelo just realested a 16in kids dirt jumper
I rode normal MTB for years. I progressed ok but when i got on an EMTB my cardio and overall fitness improved significantly! I lost 45 lbs gained a ton of muscle and i was actually able to start running again. Im 49 with asthma bad knees and broken multiple bones! This bike has changed my life. I can now keep up with my much younger friends and i can ride 30 miles! I dont run my bike in anymore than trail mode and most times its in eco. Its a blast to see what you can climb with a little power to help you up and over stuff! I dont get to ride daily so this helps with getting all the exercise i can get in on one ride! I nearly gave up the one thing that i love to do because i just couldnt pedal uphill anymore without nearly passing out! Now i can ride hours and after my ride im still able to do things at home! Dont insist they are for lazy people. Im not lazy i just honestly dont have the gift of never ending fitness anymore!
I think it’s a branding problem. Some ebikes are electirc dirtbikes and others are assisted mountain bikes. Allowing all ebikes open up the trails to punks who will destroy it. But I don’t think most people have problem with assisted mtbs on the trails, and if they do it’s more about ego and less about a real problem they may cause.
Mountain bikers of all ages that have an advanced riding level like you, Seth, find it difficult to justify riding an ebike. If they are older (I'm 66) like me, with ailments such as a hip replacement, degenerating discs in my neck and displaced discs in my lumber spine easily justify riding an ebike. With the pain during and after a ride on my enduro I'm limited to 4-6 miles. Climbs become daunting and I don't enjoy the ride as much, let alone the pain for the next week I must endure and try to manage. My son is 46 and is in great shape so he often had to wait for me at the top of a climb. But with my ebike I can stay up with him and even have a conversation. I still get a decent workout by keeping the assist mode is "Eco", the lowest mode of assist. Later in the ride I may need to increase the assist one level to conquer a lengthy steep climb. I rarely use the "Turbo" mode, if ever. My average speed on rides is usually 9 or 10 miles an hour so I'm not blazing up the hill recklessly, like some I've seen. And going downhill with my skill level I don't go any faster than when I'm on my enduro, well, because I'm old and don't heal as quickly after a crash. It sounds like I'm lobbying for more areas to allow ebikes so riders like me can enjoy new trails. I always enjoy your videos, Seth. Looking forward to the next one. Bob
Nice video. I would have added a portion of "normal/fat e-bikes vs light e-bikes" as well. To me they're very different categories just like you can have Trail, Enduro, Downhill. As far as I can see you had a Fuel EXe? Which would mean one of those newer light e-bikes. Smaller battery, less noise, less punch but getting much closer to feeling like a normal bike.  As said to me they're different categories. I guide a lot and I only own the normal/heavy one (Ransom) but I've also guided for a promotion of the light e-bikes. There's overlap but to me it's a different type of bike. If I were to own only one bike it may be it. When you have several....not sure.  As you say, it all matters where you live. In the steep alps I want a bigger battery and full power at my disposal. When I'm in an region where it's just smaller hills then a normal mountain bike (we say "muscular bike") is definitely more fun. There as well maybe a light e-bike would be better too.
If you are disabled or have health issues this is a great way to get outside.
eBikes aren't mountain bikes.  You can argue all you want, but they aren't. Sell yourself any line you want, but you are lying to yourself. I've atopped riding with any of my "friends" who started riding one because the experience wasn't the same.  Most people would be better served on a nice XC bike. Less weight, less expense, better pedaling efficiency, and a modern XC bike will handle trails and jumps that you would take an "enduro" bike on a decade ago.
EMTB will never replace regular mountain bikes, because they are jist not the same experience, Imho. My mid drive bafang full suspension mountain bike is like a stealth dirt bike that doesn't tear up trails like dirt bikes do, and by federal law, and you ebike 750watts and under and limited to 20mph with motor operation, is legal to use any where bikes are allowed (some states may differ) . What I hate about these new EMTB, other than being so damn expensive, is that they have no throttle! I love my throttle on mine for slow technical stuff where pedaling would though balance off, or the throttle great just to keep momentum going. With 9gears in the rear, I can "rock climb" big steep areas if need be too. I like my emtb, it is great for exploring adventures and bush wacking off trail. 😊
Seth, not sure if you check the Walmart Kent Trouvaille video anymore but what was your setup for the new Ganopper bottom bracket you installed?  1 spacer on the driveline side and 0 on the left?
I have 4k miles on my 2016 Bad Habit 2 (upgraded) - I got a Trek Rail 9.7 last year, and already have 1.7k miles on it in a year.  (new tires, new chain in a year).  What I found, is that I feel more confident doing jumps/drops (because its an Enduro style, and my Canondale is a trail bike) and I do A LOT more exploring on trail systems.  That, I think is the best part - I can go and check out tons of trails in a day without killing myself!
As a lifelong cyclist approaching 60 with sever COPD from 55 years of asthma, having an emtb means can once again get up the hills I used to without passing out from hypoxia.  And even with an ebike, it's still  workout for me.
I look forward to Seth getting and e-bike.
Best thing I ever bought!
I have no problem with e-bikes, I just think that they belong in their own space.  Similar to dirt bikes & ATV’s.  When trail construction catches up with the bike production, I’ll be begging my local shop to take my money.  Until then I have no desire to ride an e-bike on legacy trails that were purpose built for analog bikes.
Please get an E-bike. They have changed my life due to prior minor injuries. I can do everything on it and not worry about ever getting up a steep hill, etc. Now, I cannot see going back to a traditional bike if I don't have to. Cheers!
Good job. I was going to say "Who cares what individuals don't want", but you made it interesting. I guess that's why you have 2.5M subs. I like them, but am lazy and will lose fitness if I ride one more than 5% - 10% of the time.
Well said Seth. I ride both and even though I can put the ebike to a power power, I end up turning power up for the whole ride. With the analog bike I'm forced to use my own power. I now use my ebike for long group rides or for when I'm trying to do more laps on a particular trail that I'm trying to properly clean
E-bikes are fine but they are not "bikes".  They are by definition motorcycles.  They should be called LEMs (Light Electric Motorcycles).  Anyone who has ridden one knows it is not the same as mountain biking.
For places without a lot of elevation like Bentonville I don't see the necessity. Out in Western Washington lots of our trail systems involve 2000ft climbs to get to the fun stuff. I'd never bother with my ebike on XC or smaller park spots but typically do about 3000 ft of climbing per ride now on the ebike. Get a full workout each time.
Ebikes are not banned from any EU of UK parks as far as i know. Maybe the 15mph assistance limit this side of the pond makes them more acceptable. Is speed the issue in the US?
I suggest, assemble your own? Not that difficult with the right kit.
After my open heart surgery in 2020 I thought my bike racing days were over. But thanks to the e-bike I lost that fear and regained the confidence to ride a bicycle again. Some days I use e-bike and some days analogues. Thanks for that video.
I met an 83 year old man in pisgah who was riding an e bike. Forest service considered it adaptive and lets him ride wherever.
The Trek E-bike looks like a high end $7-$10k bike. Way to go, sweet!
Everybody justifying their wheelchairs in the comments. Love it.
"Real Mountain Bike" - Love it!  I appreciate your analog content...well, in the digital format.
I’m 75 and love my e-mountain bike but the one big downside is crashing. A heavier bike throws you to the ground harder than a lighter bike.
Seems ridiculous that some places ban ebikes. they are no worse on the trail than those who unnecessarily shralp and skid so why not ban those people too.
if you slow down, you go down. you dont use much force using an e bike so if thats all you ride, your legs get weaker
I’m glad to see you don’t have an e-bike Seth! Although Kanuga bike park was the first time in my experience I ever saw the value of one for me
just got my second knee reconstruction and i definitely stick to acoustic bikes to bring my hard limit up with the sort of training on it.  mtb is so good for every aspect of life :)
5:43 "...but my cardio is just gonna go to heck."  I'd say an ebike is actually better for cardio as it allows you to train at a lower heart rate, which is the goal for zone 1 and 2 training. And for anyone trying to improve their cardio, lower heart rate training should be the main focus at about 60-80% of all training.   For pedaling power and maximum power output training they might not be as good as they allow you to slack off, but as you said it's up to the rider.
The hate for ebikes reminds me of the hate for mountain bikes and snowboards when those were new. Kind of ironic
I gained a bunch of wait during the pandemic due to...pandemic life, but I recently bought a Swytch front hub conversion for my steel frame raleigh gravel bike to try and literally "get back in the saddle". Having electric assist (250W motor, tiny battery) does exactly like Seth said and makes you feel in better shape than you are. I'm back to commuting with pedals and it's great to be outside and getting more movement into my day. Doing the conversion definitely changed my stigma against e-bikes. The more people on 2 wheels with pedals, the less people in 4 wheeled, multi-ton vehicles which seems like a good thing to me!
I do not have an e bike only becouse I am scary that in evry generation the assembling and size is diffrent for the motor. So in 4 years when motor will break my frame is e waste...
Ebike owner here. Would not think about going back to acoustic biking. I won't tell you what to buy but I will talk about my experience with 2 ebikes I've owned. I currently have a Specialized Levo SL. I bought it for the weight reduction (about 40lbs) and for the mission control mobile app. It lets me change the power assist in 5% increments and save multitudes of presets. This is a must in my opinion as you can fine tune your assist to meet the pace of the group (or your goal). My old ebike was a Cannondale moterra (60lbs). It was a more powerful motor but the group I ride with I did not need all that power. It only had 4 assist levels, no customization so I was either too fast or too slow for the group.   My skill and confidence has skyrocketed since owning an ebike. I saw more improvement in a year than I did over several years before. I can ride faster and be less tired. I was making at speed attempts at jumps. Doing doubles I would never have been able to clear. Most importantly I was less tired so I find myself jumping over roots and rocks. With the added weight to the bike jumps felt more safe to me. My first bike was a marin hawkhill and on any jump or other feature I would tend to over correct.  If you ride once or twice a week I highly recommend an ebike. The cheapest I've found is $2700 giant talon e+, a hardtail. Or $3500 stance e+, a full suspension. Optionally if you already own am acoustic bike, you can purchase an ebike kit, they are about $1000. Make sure it is a mid drive ebike kit.
I ride a emtb because I'm out shape and I wanted to keep up with my friends. I don't ride much or go to the gym. So it's great to ride a emtb
Overpriced . . . Aren't they bad for the environment . . . .
Using a self build ebike für around 2 years now. It cost me 1200€ and i am able to ride much more complicated terain, than i would with an normal MTB. There always are two sides of an story.  Furthermore, its an replacement for my car. Since i have build it, my car usage has gotten down to one to two times a month. Just beeing able to climb a steep hill, if you must, and not having to thing bevorhand, if you are able to ride the route you are taking, is just perfect.  Jet the additional weight is to be considered. Sometimes, on steep decents, i feel quite uncomfortable because of all the weight tragging me down.  So both sides have their plus and minuses
Why don't you have a DH bike?
Get a downhill bike please
Another consideration: cost to repair. I was given a free E Bike because the motor went out, a new motor is around $500-600. That's making me question if it's worth fixing. Where if something went bad on a traditional bike it's a no brainer to fix
old guy in my town with one paralysed leg rides a giant something or other with his bad leg strapped to the pedal. I asked him if he wanted an ebike... his genuine answer " I may only have one leg but, I'm not a f*****g P***Y! "   what makes me laugh the most about able bodied mobiltE bikers is the way can't get thier head around that.... I just don't want one......... they actually can't believe it, can't believe that people want to climb, get around an ride without assistance :'D
The fitness barrier is what should never be removed.
ebikes are lame and are single handedly ruining mountain biking channels.  Single Track Sampler is a prime example.  I stopped watching his videos because of ebikes.
Great video - Dig the "straight ride" footage at the end.
10  Laps at Kanuga on an e-bike will definitely give a better workout than 10 laps at a shuttle/ski lift down hill park.
I would want an e-bike but the problem is most of them cost more than a dirt bike
Cant explain to myself why an ebike would be more expensive than an analog one... 🤥
I only have acoustic bikes as well. e-bikes cost way too much for my poor ass.
E-bikes are becoming the norm.  I saw more e-bikes on the trail last weekend than standard bikes.  Makes me feel like a dinosaur.
I had a long essay comment I had written out for this but I can summarize pretty well. Unless your physically disadvantaged (i.e. lung issues, knee problems, etc.) E-bikes shouldn't be a replacement for skill or your fitness program.  also with my downhill preference riding style (I often ride my sb165 uphill) I'm not gonna sacrifice downhill experience for uphill speed. normie bikes for as long as possible for me.
I have a quiver that includes an eMTB and I use it about 5% of the time for mountain biking (more to get into town and such). I love it for all I use it for- it’s a freaking gas at Slickrock. Kind of like a cross between a motorcycle and an MTB. It’s also great to let my friends use it when they visit me in the Utah mountains from sea level- fit or not, it’s a great equalizer.
I get it. I go to the gym to get humbled and in-shape and I MTB for mental health. I don’t want to worry about cardio and exhaustion doing the sport I love. That’s why I went to an Orbea Rise this last year. I just want to be in the woods and have fun. The exercise I get is just a small benefit.
Yup just get one,  I live in Scotland, and our trails are nasty in a good way. A good enduro ebike is the best thing to ever happen 😋
Great video Seth.  Like you, riding is my exercise.  I've gotten horribly out of shape the last three-four years (the pandemic was not good for me).  So I had to find a way to get back to riding to work.  An e-bike is meant to be the transition.  I have to be very strict with myself to keep the power assist low so that I'm working out.  And I worry every time I'm on it that I'll just never go back to the much more strenuous ride on an... analog, acoustic, what are we calling non-ebikes these days?
Alex and jordan have ebike and probably had some sheet in the comments, I guess Seth is making a proper "preparation" for buying an ebike :) is it a such a big deal ? It is a bike. In the woods where I am riding there are assholes with petrol motor bikes, I fcking hate that.
Over my dead body will I ride an ebike. MTB is about the punishment followed by the joy of downhill and jumps. Cut out the punishment and it is not the same sport. Alter abled folks notwithstanding but in Oregon a good 95% of ebike riders are healthy young rich people. Our group of real riders loathes the ebike rider
I don't get it bike company spent years and millions of dollars to make their bikes lighter and better than the previous years that they were now that e-bikes they have through that idea out the window made bikes heavier uglier and way more expensive I mean bikes were really expensive before because of the carbon fiber and all that bull crap but with the e-bikes coming into the picture they made bikes even more and made more people hate mountain bikers because of now you going to jail if your bike even looks like an e-bike people start hating on them just because they look like they're right in the e-bike so yeah
The trick to owning a Ebike is not giving in to riding it exclusively. I had a similar fear that getting one would ruin me for riding my other bikes.  Last year, I was recovering from covid and found that was a benefit having a little assist, but also found  Emtbs to be a crap ton of fun. Then, I started finding the Emtb was really building my cornering skills because of the extra weight and the fact that I could allocate some of my energy from pedaling to bike handling. Switching back to my regular bike, I found myself maintaining higher cornering speeds because I was now allocating energy I was expending into bike handling back into pedaling higher speeds.   It's an expensive purchase, but worth it. I love riding it. It is so choice. If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up.
My only annoyance with ebikes is having to stop every couple of minutes on some steep, technical climbs, to let them fly past me on my normal bike.   If you are an enduro bro, like a lot of bros here in Orange County, I get the appeal...they just want to ride the dowhnill bits and then throw their bikes in their Ferds F900000.   To me the uphill is as enjoyable as the dowhnill, so I'll stay analog as long as my health allows it.
eMTB a better invention to the progression of MTB as the dropper post?
For me, cycling is all about the mental and physical challenge. so if I road an ebike it wouldn't be fun for me.
i bought a Levo, honestly it has been life changing. Having had covid severely impact my health, it lets me go out to places like kanuga. It has helped me improve my fitness and get outside to have fun and ride again.  ADA will catch up and the other places will have to allow them in. They are not electric bikes. there are different types of ebikes, some with throttles and that are the issue. As an ex moto guy, ebikes are the next  best thing
I have an ebike to get shuttled up the mountain and enjoy the descent a couple or three times per ride, if I have to pedal an acoustic bike uphill I am truly not interested in the sport as a whole. Every person has an ebike for different purposes.
I hate elazy bikes. I have a few bikes, and 2 days a week, I trail ride my downhill bike to keep my stamina up and keep my tree trunk thighs in tact
I'd like to propose an alternate name for "real mountain bike"  If it isn't an Electric MTB, how about an Acoustic MTB?
I added a second hand ebike to my fleet earlier this year and although I ride it the least out of my bikes, I absolutely love it. It's just a laugh to blast about for an hour and they're so planted in the corners. I notice my upper body aches more the following day from having to muscle it about and riding like a lunatic.
you DID have a Haibike that Erik rides now... right?? ;)
I have an enduro, trail and xc bike...Recently bought an electric full suspension and its main purpose is xc riding, it is 2 to 3 times faster, and I don't break a sweat...Big mountain riding. Lots of altitude. 750Wh battery.. When I don't have too much time or I'm tired, I can go trail riding with it.. I'm satisfied with it and will sell both trail and xc... The ebike can be used for everything... And the enduro remains as the main bike
Wait till you discover EUC's..
I have several emtb's. Honestly, I am shocked anyone would even buy an amish (non-electric) bike. I do all single track in the midwest and emtb is the only way to go. But, we actually have trails with hills and valleys we pedal up. Then you have people who coast downhill and need a chairlift to get back to the top. But, these hill droppers are cool...lol.
Since I started MTB’ing 4 years ago, I’m as strong and fit as I have been (at 39). I’ve thought about the e-bike but I dunno, I enjoy the hard work and nimbleness of a MTB.
Man, you really have become a used car salesman.
a better example between emtb and normal mtb, is like running and walking for fitness, a 10 min run is very healthy especially if you do it often but if you're a beginner you probbably wont enjoy it all too much and wouldnt want to keep at it. however if you go for a walk you are still gfetting exorcise and will end up wanting to do it more (like 3 times a week) which is probbably just as healthy. the only downside is if you're a hardened cyclist riding alot already yu only stand to loose from switching to electric because you're already fit enough to not need the assistance, whereas us mere mortal people would probbably enjoy riding more on an electric bike, thus wanting to head out and ride more which means you are dooing more exorcise in total.  so really it just depends on where you're looking at it from, if you're already healthy and cycle all the time, it doesn't really matter, if you dont get out all that much, all an ebike will do is make it more fun and make you want to ride more! :D
Luv yur vids, always on point  I started riding in 1995 I was 42 I’m 70 yrs young now and still own my 7 original bikes  There are things that I’m adamant about one I like things that work second I like things that look good. I hate the look of 29ers, I hate the look of fat bikes and definitely hate the look of E bikes. My last 4 bikes are 27. Back in the late 90’s and early 2000’s Ellsworth was at the top of MTB world I own 4 of em Joker, truth, epiphany, and 2018 evolution with sram X0 this bike to me was one of best looking bikes made I still get a lot of eye balling most think it’s a new company. I do love that orange bike of yours not sure of the brand but it’s one good looking ride. Exactly as you say it’s about the workout people today have become very soft always looking for the easy way out. I’m not a jumper nothing like you I’m more of a climber love the climb and always look for a challenge. Thx for all the great info 👍
I don’t own an e-bike because I do not need one. The same reason I don’t use Viagra, I can get it up, and get up hill, and ride as long as I want, on my own power. Every time someone says “but they are so much fun and they allow you to go faster and further” I can’t help but wonder why someone would think that I don’t have fun on my real bikes. If and when my physical abilities necessitate riding an e-bike, yeah, I’ll get one.
There just needs to be e-bike specific climbing trails. It’s pretty frustrating to be on a ride and have to let 50 e-bikes pass on the climb. It dramatically decreases the fun of the ride.
Please do it and be the logical voice the represents riders to the illogical land owners that still say no to ebikes.
Next week: Seth is shopping for a pet lizzard.
I did the mistake of riding one, now I only use my A70 instinct power play and also just bought the 2024 Altitude A70 power play, at one point I had 7 bikes now down to 5, sold my 2022 instinct C50 cuze I did not ride it at all this year, I live near the best Track in Quebec Canada  Valley Bras du nord, this e-bike make me  feel like I'm 20 yrs old again(56 yrs old), I have discovered new muscle in my face because I Smile too much on this bike. Can't wait to see witch one your going to buy, just make sure you try a Rocky mountain before you make a decision, and keep the vid coming always a pleasurer watching them.
Hey Seth, I enjoy your channels. Even though I don't partake in mountain biking. My only caveat with all of these e vehicles is the fire hazard. As small as it might be. It is still a concern of mine. An e mountain bike ,from my perspective. It catches fire, and one is surrounded by flammable things. There is no putting out the fire. Now I am responsible for a forest fire. Yes,the probability is a gazillion to the bazillionth power. I just don't want to be that guy. As always,this presentation is entertaining. Who knew Bentonville was such a cool place?
So the bottom line is that you’re getting a pet lizard?
I went Fezzari EMTB last year, I love it, I feel more stable on the heavier bike, I still have my Devinci carbon bike, but havent touched it since.
Two things. One - The ebike is quite a bit heavier. If you are not that strong, how you gonna put it up on your bike rack or into the bed of the truck or into the back of your SUV? Two - taking care of the batteries. Maintaining a bike is some work, I dunno if people want another battery to worry about...  Finally - I do worry how the trails will handle heavier and faster riders on them.
Why I own one: bike parks mostly have no uplift where I live. During the week I do normal biking, then use an ebike to do self-shuttling and laps that way. e-bikes are legal here, including bike parks. I can do 2-3 laps at the local park on my normal bike in 2+ hours. I can do 5-6 laps in 1 and a half hours.  On 2 batteries 6-7 laps, on a normal bike most people are gone after 1-2 laps.  So if your aim is doing laps: Great tool.   Frankly, depending on the shuttle - if there is one - I might still choose the e-bike. No waiting, no crammed truck and smelly pads, helmets and people ...      My advice is: keep your normal bike and keep riding it. Else you will be in for a nasty surprise.   Advice 2:  get anything else but a Shimano. The ep8 is trash. I am on my 3rd motor, next one is a Bosch or Specialized.
Just call it a Moped...
Great video Seth.  If you do venture into the realm of e-bikes I would love to see you tackle the “trail impact” aspect.  Do heavier bikes create excessive trail damage?  I believe it is a viable reason why some locations don’t allow e-bikes.  Also, can fostering a “artificial sense of accomplishment” lead to serious consequences?  I own an e-bike and enjoy it immensely, but I’m smart about when and where to use it, how to properly transfer techniques when braking, and above all, follow trail etiquette!!
I think an eBike is probably in my not too distant future. I've been riding my "normal" MTB for about 4 years (decades of road riding before that) but I'm 62 now and finding it harder and harder to keep up on group rides. On my own I self-regulate my effort but in a group I have to try and go at the group pace and I get tired faster, which makes various features a bit harder and honestly, it starts to not be as much fun.   I'm torn though because I wonder if I just need to work harder and get fitter instead of solving the problem with a motor. On the other hand, I suspect that there's probably not much I can do to resist the fitness decline - sigh.   Don't bash eBikes and their riders - you really don't know their situation and motivation.
I can't stand e bikes because my in my town they allow class 2 e bikes on trails. There are just lazy people sitting on the bike pushing the throttle.   The e bikes are just Chinese Amazon bikes and the money doesn't go back into the bike industry. Trying to convince my town to allow class 1 only but it's frustrating.
I switch between Analog and "E" depending on mood / weather / scenario. I can tell anyone looking into it - If you want to ride ALL DAY and ride hard a lot of that time - it can't be beat ! I also get pushed by the ebike cheat mode to climb a lot of stuff the second time around on analog as all I can think was " I went right up this on the "E"".  It also rocks when taking a small group with some newbies who just do not have the cardio (yet) to keep up. Pop them on an e-bike with a mid level of assist and all of a sudden a 12-20 mile medium ride is possible and they can really get a feel for the fun of riding . . i.e.  not just dying on every hill then ending up sore for days.   😆
I have an ebike for commuting, much nicer than riding my normal bike don't get so sweaty and you can still get your heart rate up if you want, you just end up going faster
Your reasoning on fitness is probably the main factor why I'm not interested in one.
Seth, you did a lot better than the non-Ebike (analog-pedal) at 7:37 rider cased so bad he was lucky to hold on ... whew so close
“It makes you feel like you’re in better shape than you actually are”. Quite possibly sums up the entire eMTB trend.
NC needs to get their sh*t together regarding e-mtbs. A friend of mine went to Tsali with us recently and he has had triple bypass heart surgery. We did not realize the no e-mtbs rules there and he was on an Specialized Levo SL. People were straight up rude assholes to the guy. I mean, what was he hurting?!? E-mtbs can coexist and not damage trails as has been proven in Bentonville. Come NC, wake the F up.
Excellent video.  At 51 and being a light/fit person I see the ebike value but personally am not there yet.  So many gadgets in life its nice to do an MTV Unplugged when riding and not think about the grid for a few hours.
lmfaoooo the delivery driver call out. You really are a new yorker seth
Prices for ebikes are totally disproportionate
WHEN DID seth get TWO kids?
The Fats need bikes too, Seth.
Is the fitness the point of mountain biking? I would have said fun was the point. And ebikes increase the fun.
Absolutely love my ebike. Been riding for a few decades, the most fun, skill progression, and workout I've ever had.   And I just don't agree with a lot of your apprehensions. Ride more.
All my friends got ebikes and now it’s really tough to go on rides with them with only an analog bike. Kinda sucks, because I like riding my analog bike. Still haven’t pulled the trigger on an ebike.
If you want a better workout, just ride in Eco-mode. You can also adjust the Trek app for minimum motor input.
great vid. I think it would be a good idea to rent a dh bike. i mean i would love to see your opinion on one because i am kind of thinking about getting one. ;)
I don't own an e-bike myself, but I do find it funny when people rag on those who do. If that e-biker went out and bought a motorcycle instead, no one would call them lazy or cheaters yet you arguably have more of a workout on an e-bike.   People bike for fitness, social get-togethers, sightseeing, commuting and more but above all, we all bike because it's fun. Don't be so quick to judge.
6599 USD cheap 😂😂😂 nice one Seth. Lekker video 👍
Did i understand right, Ebikes are not allowed everywhere in Canafa?
I have all of the kinds of bikes and they are used for different things. if you can't get a workout and also have fun on an ebike you are doing it wrong.
I got an ebike this summer. I love it so much. I feel guilty for not riding my enduro as much. But at 66, I can still keep up with my sons at the bike park. Rode the hardtail yesterday after 3 days at AMBC Knoxville. It was a real workout. Makes me think I'm getting soft.
Seth, you will change your mind as soon as your kids are a few years older and able to ride downhill with you.  They will hate the climbs, and the tow ropes are good for flat climbs, but not technical climbs.  I got my 7 yr old a Commencal ebike, and it was a game changer.  soon he started dropping me, and I had to get one to keep up with him
say no to ebike's
Compared to most I'm going the opposite direction. Been riding an emtb for the past year but about to switch back to a normal bike. Don't get me wrong I loved the ebike but it kinda made everything a bit too easy. I kind of missed the fitness challenge. I'm still young and healthy so it's not really an issue. Also it will be nice to ride all day without battery anxiety. Still, I think ebikes are awesome and I'd certainly have one again in the future.
Most people don’t care what you ride, just don’t be an a-hole if you’re on an ebike while others aren’t. Be patient when you need to pass someone that not on an e-bike and keep your distance while you’re waiting. Outside of that, shred it
“I’m worried if I had an ebike I’d just run laps at Kanuga all day!”  And the downside of that is? 😂😂😂  Great video Seth! Rode my Fezzari Timp Peak all over Bentonville last month with no regrets! Did 120 miles in 5 days with a half day rest.   Also, something to consider with most emtb bikes there’s multiple modes so if you want a workout throw it in eco or low mode and the assist barely compensates for the extra 15-20lbs you’re throwing around. 👊🏼
For me, the simple answer to why I don't own and E-bike is because I feel they defeat the entire purpose of cycling. Plus, I also own on and off road Motorcycles.
I have an ebike, fat tire, with a big rack.  I didn't get it to replace a bicycle, I got it to replace car trips.
You had me at "Real  mountain bike. "   Nailed it!
Thank you for the honest appraisal of the ebikes.  I get so many people telling me that you get the same workout on an ebike. But, I've ridden one, and I did not. It's OK to want one so you don't have to work as hard, but there's no reason to lie to oneself, lol. Because, yeah, I suppose I could try to go as hard uphill but faster, but that isn't what happens; like you said, you just settle in at a lower effort because you're already going up fast with the assist. Not to mention that often the trail itself is the limiting factor for speed. Which is why the ebike is only beneficial for me on an uphill. On flat or downhill, I can't add any more speed anyway, as I'll be off the trail in the woods.
I have both a Specialized full carbon Stumpjumper and Specialized Levo. I ride both and usually I burn more calories and keep my heart rate higher on the e-bike because I can go longer, steeper hills and I usually keep it in eco so you still work as hard as you want. I'm 69 years old and ride the non e-bike until I get tired then change to the e-bike and go out again. Just go back from Bentonville.
You mentioned something in this video that resonates with me. I used to (and by used to, think 2008/9) go once a week and ride a trail with a large group. Fast forward to today and I only ever occasionally (up until last year, never, and this year only a couple of times) hit a trail. I have kids, a job and more responsibilities. How do you balance that? How do you find time to ride? I struggle with finding time and now I'm in worse shape than I was in 2008-9. Thanks!
EMTBs are better, you can’t stop the wave.
Always enjoy your sense of humour and honesty as you speak your mind on this. Can’t wait until you end up with an ebike 😉
I love my YT Decoy ebike.  I would ride it everywhere if allowed.  At 66yrs old and on 4th batch of chemo, the emtb at Bentonville is superfun.  Since CO UT and other states hate ebikes I am waiting for a YT Capra to ride on the ski resorts taking chair lifts every day.  Hoping I can ride the Capra next year out west.  Bringing both bikes though....and would ride the YT Decoy on everything allowed.
Thanks for being so positive and encouraging all the time. Great videos :)
The full power mode wears off fast and you start going for longer and longer rides using more and more leg power.
I'm still not getting a E-bike yet 😂😂
Unpopular opinion: Ebikes dont belong on trails
Agreed that ebiking feels like a different sport altogether. It is fun, but doesn't scratch the pain cave itch like regular mountain biking.
Stay the OG and keep peddling your own bike.
My only beef with ebikes are some of the users. Some of them think "no motorized vehicles" signs don't apply to them. USFS and BLM put them squarely in the motorized category. Please follow the rules.
I absolutely LOVE my Trek E bike
They’re awesome fun and full power ones give you a great upper body workout maneuvering it around. Alex on single track sampler recently did a HR comparison as well and got a great workout from one. My ebike is one of a few bikes I own. It’s a different experience, I just love bikes and the different challenges and trails you can ride on each.
For me it’s not about a fitness asssist, it’s about making my flat trails much faster and more exciting
Kanuga is the reason i bought a Levo SL. Berm Park has some areas that could totally benefit from e-bikes' too.... especially the top level trails that require a good hike up to hit 'em. There are places for e-bikes and their aren't (Alafia in FL for instance) All in all, they are fun, great and they are not as nimble as say a Stumpjumper or the like
Took me ages to swap to an ebike as thought extra weight would hold me back but now I’m jumping a ebike better then any normal MTB. I’m from the UK and like to go to off piest trails near me which makes a ebike perfect for. I fine instead of doing a few downhill runs, you can spend all day going downhill
I've been mountain biking for over 20 years.  I personally enjoy the grit of pedaling up and down and everything in between. Grew up riding moto cross. If I wanted help riding, I'd buy another dirt bike.
I would love an e bike because my fitness level isn’t great on a regular bike.. yes is it “lazy” maybe but ultimately I have noticed my riding better on an e bike so that I can have more energy going back up again and again!
Hopefully this will inspire you to advocate for e-bike access in your home area. I would love to visit Berm Peak and the surrounding trails. But knee and heart issues limit my ability to ride my Amish bikes as much as I’d like to.
I have an ebike that I ride with my ebike friends. Ride reg bike other times to keep fitness. Turns out i'm on my reg bike 98% of the time.
You sold your gravel bike 😢
It's a lot heavier is my main reason for not owning an ebike. Perhaps when I retire and have more time to explore remote trails I'll get an ebike or just get a Sur Ron.
Being an older rider, I could only use my hard tail 2, maybe 3 times a month at most, everything would hurt for a week after each ride, especially my knees. Got an e-bike in June after eyeing one for several years, already did almost 900 miles with it, 60% of it on single track trails I could barely ride before. I still love my "analog" hardtail, I just can't use it much...E-bike for the win, for me anyway 🙂.
I live in the PNW and in my area there is only up and down, little flats.  I moved here with an XC background thinking I was just gonna be in killer shape.  I am finding that it is actually harder to maintain endurance/aerobic fitness as there is no room for extended periods of moderate heart rate training, it’s frequently anaerobic/high heart rate.  For this reason I am ready to consider an e-bike to compliment the rest of my pedal bikes and improve my endurance.
Well, E, bikes are technically prohibited at Dupont, Pisgah, and other places, I have ridden my E bike at all of those places, and no one ever said a word to me. I might’ve gotten a jealous look, or two. Without the E bike, I probably would not, be able to ride some of the trails just because of my increasing age. If I ever run into a Ranger on any of these trails, and that will definitely be the first time, I will begrudgingly, except any ticket they care to write me.
Great video. Thank you. Please stay safe.
I DEFINITELY saw e-bikes at Chestnut.
If you think a $3500 bike is accessible you are crazy. The bike industry has fallen apart in the last couple of years, many factors have made this happen, but the rise in costs and the emergence of extremely expensive bikes has certainly had a major effect. 10 years ago if you went overboard, a top end bike would be 3 grand or so.. Now the prices are insane.
Yeah, you're going to think about getting an eMTB, don't kid yourself.  :)    They are amazing, and aside from the cost and extra weight when loading/unloading, there's really only upside to them for me and my family.  But I love watching your videos whether you have an ebike or not!
Get an e-bike. They are awesome.
The new generation of 'lighter' e-mtbs that weigh <40 lbs pedal so much like a regular analog bike it's not funny.  The big difference is going uphill.  Being on the plus side of the social security line, and rIding the Back 40 at Bentonville with guys who are 20 or so years younger than I am meant I could keep up with them on the climbs.   I still ride my analog bike most of the time, but for Bentonville - an e-bike getting to be almost mandatory.
I agree with what you are saying. I don't see an ebike in my near future. I'm a veteran turning 60 years young and may get an ebike when I'm old.
Ebikes are like motorbikes. Just because you have 200bhp doesnt mean you have to use it all everywhere, theres modes and an off switch if you really want.   I dont care if *you* can ride 1000ft climbs without one, i can do it 3 times more than you on my ebike which is 3x more decents 😏
I ride both analog and a Pivot Shuttle light mountain ebike. Honestly, I find both fun and the ebike has made me a better analog rider.  I did try a full powered ebike and it was okay, but I really enjoy the light ebikes much more.
What is your opinion on taking a non E bike and converting it to a E bike
I appreciate the honest look at eMTBs. All that power without skill gets a lot of folks in trouble— which is not an argument against eMTBs just a caution that skill is still needed. EMTBs definitely make the sport more accessible, which is something that not everyone wants.   Loved your take on the subject and thanks for it!
Because e bikes are for complainers like Millennials and gen z. Plus. If you want a damn motor, get a motorcycle, not a peddle bike. Ebikes are the height of laziness. Be a man, not nonbinary 😂😂
Prebuilt E-bikes are junk.
My biggest issue with ebikes is not the bikes, it's the unexperienced people who ride them. The most simple way I can explain is this: Would you want a 10 year old flying by you on the freeway just because he has enough money to buy a car? Money can lead unexperienced people into environments that they don't have the knowledge base to safely be in...just look at Everest. Like I said, just my opinion.
I would note that I feel like a good part of the exercise and cardio with mountain biking is just the downhill / pumping, jumping, hopping. Ironically ebikes force you to more more effort in in places because its so much heavier. It also allows you to do harsh technical climbs that were previously physically impractical because the grade is too much and the traction too low to keep up.  I think the "impractical climb" aspect to me is the most interesting benefit to me. They are definatly much more expensive though...
We had a specialized turbo levo alloy it was supposed to be a commuter for my son and also helping hand for the long climbs since we live in a mountainous area , thing is in my region there is no trails where they are permitted, of course I see many but I'm not a pirate 😂
Seth you rock
You will get one within a year...GUARANTEED!!!!
Try a super light ebike, Trek Exe and the like. Might enjoy it more!
There was an interesting interview about the Luddites on the Majority Report last week. They weren't so much anti tech, but anti job replacement that only served the profits of the upper classes while removing wages from the lower classes. It wasn't the technology itself, but the class warfare manner it was being used and implemented in factory work. Kinda like how check out clerks are paid minimum wage and now being replaced by self checkout. It's not the scanner, it's the job it takes from a family that needs the wages.
In Australia, you can take them anywhere a normal mtb goes. That said, we are limited to 26kmph, where as you guys get 32kmph (that said i have switched mine over to US mode, nobody has an issue, because nobody needs to know).   I love just getting more kms in and it has better grip. It's more stable in the air and i just have more fun. I get that more full body workout, less just smashing my lungs and legs, so I can ride more and go harder. I totally exhaust myself after an amazing day riding.   I still have my normal bike, I use it for lift and shuttle rides, which isn't often...
Awesome lovet
I live near a forest and in order to get into the main bulk of the forest there is a really steep hill that I have to ride up. After around 12 or 13 attempts I finally managed to ride up it all the way with my normal hardtail. I'm sure that with an e-bike it would be significally easier and I'm not sure that it would be as rewarding or physically challanging. But to most people im sure a climb like that would be much better with an e-bike. Great video btw!
An ecargo bike makes a ton of sense. An e-bike also makes sense in Bentonvilleb because you can ride to the trail, shred, then ride back.
I've lost lost 30 lbs on a E MTB. I can't stop riding the thing. Oh you will do laps all day.
Seth really wants a lizard.
"real mtb" I love it.
This man doesn't know what he's talking about. SMH. Just spewing typical mtb website talking points
Seth I am really enjoying the content from Bentonville. I really like the fact that you’re including Evan as I enjoy his channel as well. I would love to see a video about winter riding like gear review, what you wear, smart tech, all that jazz for winter months.
I recently tried an e-bike at a demo day at the local trails here in north Georgia.  I'm 63 years old, in decent enough shape, but not winning any races.  I tried out a Santa Cruz ebike.  My thoughts on it were first that it was a massively heavy bike- going from a 34 pound bike to a 52 pound bike is... strange.  I didn't turn the thing up all the way, I kept in in the 1 and 2 settings.  Normally I average about 6mph on the trail, with a max speed of 18 or so.  On the demo ride, I averaged 10.2mph, with a top speed of 28mph.  To say it was easier is an understatement.  I was trying to keep up some effort, and found the only way to do that was to go faster, or turn the thing off.  I hear a lot of people saying "you get the same workout on an ebike", and that's rubbish, unless you're going twice as far or twice as fast.  Maybe someday I'll get an e-mtb, but not today.  My conclusion was that it made me a lot faster, and therefore a lot more dangerous.  My last broken arm was in my late 50s, and at my age healing isn't that easy.  :)  I'll stick to my 'acoustic' for now, get an e-bike if and when I ever can't make it up the hill.
You should check out the cold turkey bike fest in tulsa
@1:09 Yup thats the only reason why I choose a MTB than a motorcycle.  I'm getting to the age where excercise is no longer part of my routine😅
I thought same thing and I own all bikes now. Bmx, cruiser, hardtail, downhill , road and now ebike . I won it a specialized kenevo. Anyhow I use it as a tool to train and I end up always climbing not one mountain but two or three. I live to ride it and challenge me and the battery.
WNC could learn a thing or two from Bentonville,on e-bike acceptance!
The animosity towards EMTB in WNC is ridiculous. The greater hazard is the thousands of unleashed dogs.
accoustig bike ❤️
I looked at but never bought an ebike for the exact same reason. That said, ebikes are hella fun. I can easily see that for some people getting an ebike means they bike so much more than what they'd do with an analog just because it's so much fun.
Worst thing about an e-bike is the pedals. The surron or talaria fix that. No pedaling just raw speed. Almost feels like a motorcycle except the bike is half the weight. They are also a ton of fun.
Love seeing Evan in your videos! He’s awesome!
I’m in a similar boat where biking is my only form of fitness  so if I got an Emtb my cardio would go to shit. But I love to see how accessible mtbing has become with Emtbs coming more popular.
I love my YT Decoy! Laps for days 🤘
Loved this video today, I have just bought an ebike and am loving it.
You need to come to riverside California and check out sycamore canyon
Next video: “So I bought an E-bike” haha
The fitness barrier in bringing more people out! That is what ebikes do!!! I can't generate enough force on a bike to go up a mountain. But I sure would love to experience those things and e-biking is glorious. More people need to view it as an accessibility issue
Polygon from country ?
I think the bike community is missing a valid point about E-bikes.  I was in great shape...until I wasn't.  That's when my lungs quit working and I couldn't ride my MTB like I wanted to.  I think restricting E-bikes from use on trails is a huge mistake and limits access to the disabled.
When I first got one, I was still riding my regular bike a lot more.  6 months into it, and I felt pretty good about riding the regular bike 50% of the time.  Going on almost 2 years, and I'm down to 25%. I think big part of it for me is the trails I ride today, I would not be able to do on a regular bike, no matter how good a shape I was in.  And instead of doing 3 or 4 rides a week, now there is almost no limit on how many times I go out.  Fun is a huge factor.
I have no problem with ebikes or ebiking, but I am concerned with the land use issues.  The difference between an ebike and an emoto is getting slimmer and slimmer, I am concerned that land owners are going to be out doing their thing and get roosted and shut the trails down.  I remember the land use wars of the 90s, and I don't exactly want to revisit those times.  I think we have to be carful with how ebikes are rolled out and the awareness around them.    Now excuse me I have some clouds to yell at.
From someone who has never had, ridden, or probably will ever get an e-MTB. E-biker haters, especially those who lobby their local P&R departments are just elitist gatekeepers. Interesting to see Seth’s take on just not enjoying riding them.
My one criticism of e-bikes generally that I think has some weight is that they can be a bit more dangerous for beginners. On a regular bike, your skills and fitness can develop together to keep you riding at speeds you can manage, but on an ebike the first month is way more dangerous because you can be blasting a trail at 18 mph uphill and come up on something you weren’t ready for. With a little more experience you’d have been fine, but a beginner might not have the brake control and body positioning needed to get out of tricky situations
Unlike many comments, I didn't have any physical limitations that lead me to buying one. The 'fun factor' was just not there anymore for my wife & I. If you wanna instantly revitalize your mountain biking, this is it. With my setting on ECO, and the power assist set at only 35% in ECO, I do often break a sweat!
as a trail maintainer in my area I can say I'm very against ebikes.  Its not that I hate ebikes or anything, but we have a ton of problems with folks using an ebikes here and tearing up trails, bad.  It's a very noticeable effect and it's unfortunate as it gives them a very bad name and reinforces the dislike of them.  its literally the case of a small group ruining it for everyone else.  it's not that ebikes by nature will spin out and destroy trail, but it's how people use them.  they are choosing to tear up the trails with them.
Mountain bike trails should have a basic fitness requirement before riding them. An ebiker riding on trails takes out the feeling of "only the deserving are allowed to ride on real trails."  You should get in shape BEFORE you attempt to mountain bike, that means riding on gravel for a month or two until you can handle real trails without a battery. That's what people have been doing for centuries, now they have a shortcut causing the downfall of society.  I was always taught cheating was bad. Using a battery is cheating at LIFE.
Now I want to see Seth’s mom shredding double blacks on a E-Bike
The legendary musician Bob Dylan many years ago performed his music only with an acoustic guitar.  As an artist he wanted to explore new grounds and grow in a new direction.   He started to perform concerts with an electric guitar.  OMG, his audiences reactions were not very happy.  Eventually his audiences grew to love his new direction in music. Seth, you and your audience will only grow with e-bike videos.
Ebikes are a blast when they aren't grenading drivetrains. Trust me, I've had 4 of them and ran every drivetrain available almost, including the new SRAM Transmission. Not ONE of them have held up for any length of time. Frankly the cost of ownership and how quickly they are obsolete is kinda ridiculous. Thankfully I have normal bikes to ride when the Eeebs break. To be completely honest, I wouldn't have an e-bike if that is the only bike I had. But they are great as part of the quivver.
Ebikes need their own service shops.  The smaller independent shops have harder time affording labor hours on them.  Who gonna get rich off my idea??
Something I never see anyone mention about e bikes. Is that you can ride it with no assist to get as much cardio as you want. Then when you're done with your cardio workout flip the assist on and keep riding.
I ride with a group of senior mountain bikers. The youngest is 61 and oldest is 81. We have one 66 year old who is making a comeback from quadruple bypass heart surgery. He bought a used Santa Cruz e-bike and rejoined our group once he completed his cardiac rehabilitation. He was able to just jump right back in because pedal assist makes it so easy to ride up the hills. Keep in mind that he has skills from decades of trail riding mountain bikes and motorcycles. I am 75 and a lifelong cyclist that skis full time in the winter. Part of my motivation for riding in the woods is to train for skiing in the winter. I don’t have an e-bike because I trying to maintain a higher level of fitness. So I want to work hard on the up hills and ride fast on the flow and downhills.
I thought I was the only one with that rationale. Thanks again Seth.
My main takeaway from your recent videos is that I need to emigrate to the USA and move to Bentonville... Visit Bentonville sponsoring you for a month worked! 🤣
Who cares what you own or don’t own 🤔  everyone works for their money and buys what they want to buy so who cares what you buy !
It all comes down to the experience you personally want. Everyone just go ride and be friendly.
I wasn't a big fan of e-bikes until I bought one full power e-bike with 180mm travel f and r. This e-bike is even more stable than my V10/5. You should test a full power e-bike with more travel than this Trek.
My rule….. please just don’t pass my family on the bike path, my kids are pedaling along just fine, and no one passes us faster than e bikes! And in tight places. Just use common curtesy and give everyone space
Hi Seth, I'm fan and a subscriber of yours.  I happen to be an advocate of e-bikes.  I know that you channel isn't about e-biking and that's okay with me.  However, if you acquired an e-bike and shared videos about your e-biking experiences, I'd say welcome to the pack.
Watching the video getting ready to ride my e-bike 😊. I have knee problems, so e-mountain biking made a big difference for me
E-MTBs enable longer rides and more frequent outings, effectively increasing overall exercise and calorie burn. They ease climbing efforts, allowing you to conquer challenging terrain and expanding one's skill levels faster
I came off riding e bike for about 5 years and went back to a analog bike and I’m really enjoying it
I agree for some people this makes sense. Unfortunately there are still issues getting access to land for MTB trails without a motor - you toss these in there and (right or not) the DIRTBIKES! yelling takes over and shuts down trail discussion.
I've always heard of laws regarding E-Bikes, but I've never heard of anyone getting in trouble or told to leave a place when riding one. I'd bring mine everywhere and not worry about it, I can hit just as high of speeds with a regular bike anyways.
Well said on all the important points. No bashing just a realistic view into emtb. I have both and ride my acoustic the most but the emtb is still a blast for big rides. I like to turn the power down low and just use the high assist to bail out of super steeps then drop the power again.
E-bikes will be amazing. I see in ~5 years e-bikes require minimal service (if any), full system integration, weight similar to existing bikes, and enough range for 95% of rides. We’ll just need more trails.   E-bike hate is real and scary. I don’t think anyone on an e-bike deserves any less respect as a human enjoying life. Mechanical advantage of a normal bike is technology too… I’ve owned a Tesla for several years and the bizarre hate is similar. At least they still let me drive it on public roads.  I don’t think people will start changing their beliefs on this issue for awhile.
Day 3 of asking Seth to try out amp bike forks
Great vid dude.
I love and support that E-bikes are helping to get differently abled people outside and active!  For me, I’m already an active person and I ride bikes to push the boundaries of my physical fitness, so I’ll stick with the standard mountain bike.  But I have no problems with the E-bike riders in my local groups.
I was on a very rough trail a few days ago and thought how nice it might be to not have pedals to catch on the jutting rocks -- but an e-bike still has pedals -- so it doesn't solve that issue.
I wonder how many people walk into a bike store thinking, “I’m not gonna buy an e-bike, but if I end up with an e-bike, I might end up with an e-bike.”
I've had my mid-powered ebike (Orbea Rise) for just over 2 years now. As much as I love that bike and love how natural it feels I still ride my analog bikes quite a bit. Currently I have 2 analog bikes (1 hard tail and 1 full suspension) and I'm building up another hard tail now so when that's done I'll have 3 analog bikes and 1 ebike so for me my ebike doesn't replace my analog bikes. I put a lot more miles on my analog bikes combined compared to my ebike and those who are opposed to ebikes just don't know ebikes. I can't think of a single reason to not allow pedal assist only (Class 1) ebikes on any trails. Maybe when they hear ebikes they think of ones with a throttle like a Surron or something.
I paid 6300 Canadian for the emtb I just got. Which is $600 more than my transition patrol. So not expensive for me.   And I do have weak knees.
I rode 40 miles yesterday 15 of which were on pavement. I can go ride the entirety of somewhere drive somewhere else and charge and go ride the entirety of somewhere else in the same day. As a person who lives 4 hours from any good mountain bike trails getting miles in when I can is essential
Good E-Bikes are just too expensive.
I'm wondering what happens to e-bikes when they're put into storage for long periods of time. When the battery goes flat and you can't get a replacement, what then? Also with the pace of advancement right now, is anyone going to want to ride a 5+ year old used ebike?
Really wanted an e-bike. Went out and rode my normal, $500, mtb and had a blast. Rode around for 3hrs. Would still like an e-bike but certainly don’t need one. Not until they’re half the price they are now
You know the “e” in e-bikes stands for “cheater”. Sorry I don’t think a mountain bike should have a motor. Unless you really are at an older age but still love the sport, just buy a mountain bike without a motor. Hope I didn’t offend anyone.
Tackling those steep technical climbs on an ebike can drain you of energy faster than you realise. You confront that almost impossible terrain on an ebike that you would otherwise avoid or fail trying on a conventional MTB and before you know it, you're at the top and out of breath.  The bottom line is, the stigma attached to eMTBs is gone. They're accepted everywhere here in the UK and since we have some of the nastiest, wet, mud-laiden trails on Earth, none of that stops us riding them.
The biggest thing with ebikes and the people who hate them simply cant afford one and wish they could so they hate on them, spending 5k plus for a new ebike is alot but in this day and age thats how much a good bike actually costs
imagine youre a rookie with no serious bike time, you by an emtb, you head out to a park only to get kicked out of the park or told you cant use it your mtb... thats absurd only in america
How'd you like the exe?
On my 18 kg Levo SL, I can get 1300m of vert and this means more rides up and down, more practice and more fun than if I were to ride an analog bike.
I love my e-mtb.  But i atill ride mt regular mtb and singe-speed road bike.  Ebike can give a workout but the regular bikes build strength and that deep-cut endurance.
Thanks Seth! I was thinking into buying a e-bike. Because I need to ride daily uphill and as fast as I can to going from my job to pick my little one up from her school. Each day since I started with this routine I notice better condition and of course is tired, but thinking about how much time have a parent to exercise, this makes the key point to answer if you need an e-bike
Go ebbs!
If you cant throw a ebike about you need to go the gym simple as that
At 71 these ebikes make things totally possible.  I can literally ride twice as far, which translates into twice as much fun 🤩
Fit an healthy 38yr old guy, switched to eMTB and honestly, feels like I’ve discovered MTB all over again, it just feels like it’s for adventure too which something that I really enjoy.  Emtb, same trails but slightly different discipline, lots of fun, and I have set eco mode up for climbs so I still get a workout. And if you limited for time, knock it up a notch and it’s amazing how much of a ride you can quickly get in. Brilliant
From what I see online there's a LOT more hatred for ebikes in the US than anywhere else. They don't seem to be allowed in a lot of places where as in the UK and EU they out sell most "regular" bikes now!
I got a hyper ebike got it for dirt cheap and the bike can be upgraded just like having the built in battery on it. i know it hub drive but it works good enough for the price it was $700.00 Canadian. lol
People ride e-bikes in Pisgah and DuPont all the time, just ride and have fun!  E-bikes are a great tool to use when you are worn out and wouldn’t usually ride a naturally aspirated 😂 bike that day.
I was dead-set Against E-MTB on single tracks and MTB trails; saying "I'm in it for the exercise, I'm in great shape, so I don't need the help, stay off My single tracks!" and "They are for commuting to work, and to the grocery store", "they are for "Out-Of-Shape people!" Well, then I tried an eMTB during a demo at my local single track. Wow, I loved it! Of course, It was a $14,000 Specialized E-MTB with the new SRAM transmission, and, high-end Fox Fork, and the SRAM AXS dropper, and carbon wheels and carbon bars, and carbon brakes. It weighed only about 39 lbs! But it was a blast to be able to go that fast and get up the hills faster with much less effort. Too bad I can't afford the $14,000 Specialized e-MTB.
Do a cheap e-bike upgrade video!
I don't need or want a battery bike. Hikers probably think I'm on one already, and I'm faster than 99% of bikers so getting a battery bike would be pointless. Slower on downhills due to more weight, slower turns and braking too. You won't see me trying to justify it like most of these comments. It's definitely not a money issue, I would rather buy a house.  And most real trails around here don't even allow ebikes, but lazy people ignore because there's no enforcement.
I hope National Forests change ebike rules in the near future (especially some trails in NC).
Seems like it'd be fun to rent one but I have to say it's another example of this being a hobby/pursuit with many tiers I'll never reach...as a budget rider there's no way I'll ever have a $3500+ bike of any type in my fleet. It's crazy how many segments there are to the market. Fun to watch the vids, kind of like it's fun to imagine winning the lottery 🤣
I've got a Fuel Exe like Seth is riding that I use for my vacation bike.    I use my vacation time to go somewhere to ride trails that I don't have at home.   Since my time is limited, I want to get in as much riding as I possibly can.   I spent a week in NW Arkansas and it allowed me to ride everyday, getting my fill for the day too, and not have to take a day off for recovery.  Still ride my regular bikes more at home, but the ebike is fantastic for travel.
For me, my wife and I always rode together. She had a huge injury up at Killington 2 years ago and purchased a turbo levo for recovery. I know she won't ever be the same on the bike again. We still get to ride everywhere together up in PA where we live and it's been great. It kills me when we vacation to Western NC twice a year and we can't ride stuff like Dupont and Pisgah together. We  do a gravel ride over at Bent Creek that I think she is technically allowed on and then green ways. Kind of stinks if you ask me.
I ride ebikes simply because theyre fun. Driving just feels depressing these days with rising gas prices and being stuck in traffic.
I just think they’re ‘incredibly fun’.  And I ride stuff that on an acoustic I’d have no chance of ever making, i.e. I purposely look for hard technical uphills….  And try to methodically pick my line and way up them.     And, I do get a workout.. but only by going farther, faster..  and that itself is fun.
Just got back into riding after 10 years away.   At 44 it feels great to be back at it.   But, its definitely tougher on me than it used to be.       Im considering an ebike at some point because some days i really want to push hard but i just run out of gas.    Im doing alot of changes and training over winter, so we'll see how that works out next year.      But, some days I feel a conventional bike wears me out before I feel done mentally.    I want to keep going but it would be pretty much dangerous to continue.     Either way.  Ebikes definitely serve a purpose in a positive way for the sport I feel.   For us older guys, it may be the only way to continue what we love at some point.
Seth, if you get a E-Bike, you have to get a DH one and go to Whistler! <3
Hours Hr at 140 bpm is the same on an ebike or analog MTB just you go further and see more on the Ebike. Plus it’s an extra work out shifting the heavier bike around.
Thank gawd, your area doesnt allow them. They are going to tear up trails faster than pedal bikes.
I only ride singeltrack, and having to yell at people all the time is not what i enjoy, im not that kind of guy who shout "MOVE, BEHIND YOU, BIKE!!!" so an ebike is not for me tbh, would stress out to much about real MTBs
Ive been doing demos on sl ebikes just to have a little extra something to help with my asthma on trails. People ignorantly claim to get my cardio up, but thats not as easy as others when your airways tighten and you cant get oxygen into your body lol. Idk if i wanna go full power ebike for the extra weight or extra power. So many options 😂
People talk about eMTBs for exploring more with less effort, but if I did my regular “exploring” rides on one I’d definitely kill the battery half way through, which would be lame.
In my 50s surely I will have an ebike. but for now, I want to enjoy pushing my body while I still can hehehe
Great video Seth.  Hope you've enjoyed your time in our little slice of heaven.  I thought I would ride my eMTB all the time too and just do laps at the Castle (it is fun for that), but that didn't happen.  I live up in Bella Vista where you are pretty much either climbing or descending, and the eMTB is great for the odd lunch ride I can squeeze in because I can go farther faster.  This is actually the main reason I bought it.  If you tune the support properly, you can very easily raise your heart rate and get in a solid workout.
Regarding a workout on an e- bike,  a saying from the roadie side of things. It doesn't get easier, you just go faster.
I couldn’t agree more
I would be curious if the feeling of insecurity on jumps goes away and how fast. Also how this is affected by different weights of e-bikes (like full power to super light).  I like jumping most of riding bikes and that’s what concerns me most, that I won’t hit as steep etc. jumps as I do now, once I m in the woods with the wrong bike.
My biggest issue is what a disaster it is to make the batteries.
I turned 60 this year, coming from a dual sport motorcycle background E-bikes are the perfect tool to keep my range of motion and cardio condition up to snuff. Jumping a 300lbs DS motorcycle is not for me, on my Haibike it is a joy and a lot more accessible trails to ride. Seth you need to lobby Berm Park to let Class 1 EMTBs on the trails !!!
“It makes you feel like you’re in better shape than you actually are”…spot on! For the people that NEED them an e-bike is a God send but there’s something about working hard on a climb while a rider on a e-bike effortlessly glides past that makes me just a little sad for them. I’m 57 and my wife is 60 so I can imagine a pedal assist bike in my future…but…hopefully way off in the future.
FINALLY!!!  He did it.
I can tell you who is threatened by those e-bikes… the lift manufacturers. I hear they’ll take you up a massive hill for downhill several times without the battery dying. That’s pretty good. You don’t have to be pulled up the mountain.
I only have one bike. A Top Fuel 2022. 🤷🏾‍♂️
Not that anybody cares why you don't own an ebike, in 15 years, it will make a lot more sense. Moveover, if you really understood training, ebikes are a great training tool if you like to ride multiple days in a row. Much easier to do a recovery ride on an ebike...particular if you ride in hilly areas.  Objective when recovering is stay in zone 1 or 2 heart rate.  If you don't train, or know how to train on a bicycle of course it doesn't matter and why people are average and not good.
Do a loop on your enduro then do one on the eeb and track your heart rate. When I'm on my eeb I have a higher and constant average heart rate which is better for endurance
Some people ask the wrong question. It’s not why don’t you have one, but “Do I need one?”. Trails as built for normal bikes, and they work good enough. Personally, efficiency of exercise is more important.
Excellent video and perspective.  Thank you.
Hahaha you just talked yourself into buying a new bike… we’ve all been there
Seth put it perfectly, at the end of the day ebiking and mtb are simply different sports. That doesn't mean ebikers can't enjoy mtb trails. For those who are elderly and disabled they're a good option. Each year I see more and more trails that don't allow ebikes though, that needs to be respected so we don't all lose access to those trails. As long as people are respectful it's all good, just people enjoying trails haha.
Exploring, yes. Moved to Colorado in my 40's, there are countless thousands of trails, and even though I ride 2 or 3 different trails a week, I will never ever see a fraction of all those trails before I'm too old to go anymore. I see a new trail every time, explore side trails, have the energy to try different features and even if I took a very wrong turn, went very far the wrong way, or the trail was way harder than the trail app led on, I can always get back to the parking lot. My analog friends ride the same boring stuff because they subconsciously think along the same lines, but were unwilling to go EB to get out of that comfort zone. It's true, you can't ride USFS land and that's a bummer, but that's why I have a normal bike. I just find that when I throw a leg over, it's always the E I chose.
Ebikes to me are fun multipliers. I get 2-3x the miles per same amount of time as my analog.
Thanks for showing the Polygon T6E man! Still pumped we got to catch up for a bit. Great video as per usual. 💪
Opening day of berm park nobody said anything to me about my SL, but I didn’t pass anyone on the climb just sat back and enjoyed the scenery
Why you don't have a XC racing  bike ?
If I had an e bike I would also carry Nutella as a trail snack lol
Sadly, at least here in the Charlotte NC area, you can't take an e-bike, not even a class 1 like you are riding, on any of the trails. At least you are not supposed to. The Tarheel Trailblazers have their spandex so tightly wadded up their rears that they fail to see that not everyone is physically able to ride a regular bike any longer. The older we get the more we fall apart, knees are shot, back is toast. But, you know, stay off those trails with that "dirt bike", as they like to call them. The ignorance reigns supreme around here and it's just sad.
Not everyone that uses ebikes have an illness or injury. You see more on trails in Europe than NA bikes these days. they're hugely popular. You see everyone from pro riders to tri athletes to weekend warriors to the guy with a new knee on them.. other riders here are NOT small minded enough to want to know the reason why someone is riding one - we just don't care 😉🤙Bottom line: People need to get on with their own lives and not worry about others are doing. 👍  Go ride with a smile on your face ✌️
What’s with these upload times 😂
Why no E bike? Because he doesn't need a Hipster Moped.
All i here is excuses for lazy people.
i hired an ebike at a my local XC trail and it was a light weight trail bike and i noticed it was a little slow on the fast corners but under 15 miles per hour you can boost out of the slower corners and i rly enjoyed it but i love my down country bike and but i would defiantly get an ebike when they drop to a little cheeper
Do ebikes come in kids sizes for you
Go ahead and get the pet lizard.
Simple, ebikes are not mountain bikes...they are motor bikes. And most certainly a mountain bike is not a "analog" bike. It is...a mountain bike.
I'm 71 and this last summer I bought a Giant Elite 3. Great purchase. I live on the Wasatch Back in Utah. Our rides start at 7000' and go to close to 10k. I don't need MORE cardio. I need cardio at a low enough level that they don't find my rapidly cooling carcass somewhere on the ridgeline. Here in Park City, if you're over 65 or physically impaired, you're good to go-E. I can still get to zone 5 HR, but more importantly, I can roam around in zones 2 or 3 and actually get a healthy workout. It's also a boon to exploring. On long rides, I don't mind detouring down into an area that I know I;ll have to climb back out of, because "ELECTRICITY. AND SCIENCE"! Have I given up on my mountain bike? My son and I are heading to Moab Thursday, so no.
Trek fuel exe is still lighter than a polygon enduro bike😂😂
Too young for😊….wait and see.
good to have options... imho sweet spot will be 1000USD commuter type for 1-30 mile distances.
Mountain biking is awesome no matter what bike you ride
Went to the local bike shop last month, half of their sales are now e-bikes. They are really taking over.
My Rocky Mountain Instinct Power Play has opened the door for me to ride much further and keep my heart rate in the safe zone. As an older rider in his late 50's I can enjoy the sport with my kids in a way I never could. We travel to Bentonville a lot and the eMtb allows me to explore more trails with the limited time we have  there. Great video.
What i realy love about analog bikes. It is the one thing left where you dont need a computer inside, no electricity only your power to discover the nature. I know there is also much technolgy inside but still only mechanics and only driven by human power. E-biking is somehow more  motorcycling to me because it has a motor. Discovering nature and Trails on a bicycle makes me feel more related to nature!!!!
I use an e-bike, but I wish I didn’t need to. I had a spinal injury 15 years ago and lack the strength to pedal through any resistance. My e-bike gave me a part of my life back and has been the best purchase of my life. I wish the USFS would recognize some of the adaptive sports benefits in their regulations. They currently don’t consider e-bikes adaptive equipment because they are not specifically made for people with disabilities. E-bikes are not for everyone, but certainly not the big bad that they once were thought to be.
I have never ridden or yet  considered buying an e-bike. I would like to try one From what I have seen of them I think they are awesome for all the reasons you touched on.  However, I did ride with a group that was a mix of regular MTBs & E-MTBs All of the e-mtbs were fatties, not shaming them for it now or then, but that is what they were.  The thing was was they would get to the end of the ride sections 1st & some of them seemed to me a bit surely & displeased @ having to wait for us biomechanical heathens to catch up.  I kind of lost interest in group ride after that & no doubt not everyone is like that.  E-MTbs aside, so too some ridders show up & are more about the expensive bike bling rather than the comradery & shared adventure that I had thought MTB should be about.
Dam this video going to stir some people up. Firstly the point of mountain biking should be to have fun the second point should b exercise. Secondly its already been proven that if your committed to the same amount of time that emtb are just as much as a work out. However if your saying you know your self and youll focus on just doing the same amount of laps then thats definitely a personal issue its not the bikes fault. The one thing i will say is that mtb is definitely for everyone, we all have different perspectives and are entitled to those ideas.
I used to mountain bike like crazy 20 years ago but lifestyle, money, etc stopped that for awhile. Now that I'm in my 40s life is back to where I can bike again. When I got back on a bike 3 years ago I did  20km the first year. I was out of shape and didn't enjoy it. So I bought a eMTB then next summer and rode it 3-4 times a week and ended up buying a fat eMTB for the winter. I'm down about 30 pounds but even more I feel amazing and put all that thanks to the eMTB. For me the eMTB gives me two things - It makes me go out if I'm having a bad day I can use more power but most days I'm in eco or trail. But it also allows me to go out I drop the kids off at dance and with the eMTB I can get in a useful ride.   Now.. I am thinking of buying a "normal" MTB that I'm feeling more fit. I think the eMTB will always be my main bike but there is something about the lightness of a MTB that I'm looking forward too. Would I have gotten fitter on a non-eMTB -- no, because i wouldn't have put in the effort back then.  It also lets me bike with my cross fit friends and in eco we are equal on the climbs.
I use one for comuting. Without an ebike i would take my car
Love your channel but…  I hear so many people say they’re not ready for an ebike and I always tell them this…I can tune my ebike to be equal or even more difficult than an analog bike.  However, you cannot make an analog bike an ebike.  If you really want to train hard, detune your ebike to 10% assist…if that’s not enough, turn it off and I guarantee you will work!  And don’t forget…if you wanna “rinse and repeat” those fun downhill sections, Boost Mode it is!  An ebike is a fitness tool for the trail which provides all workout options to the rider…an analog bike is simply one dimensional.  I love my ebike and I will never go back!
A lot of people in my area buy dual suspension E bikes for urban commuting. They've become the lifted showpony trucks of the cycling world, honestly.
3rd season on my specialized turbo Levo and at 65yrs old I ride 2x-3x longer/further and have more fun than my analog bike. I have set the power way down and get a more balanced workout (yes I’m disciplined💪) plus I can sleep at night because my hips aren’t killing me (used to have to skip a day to avoid pain). Climbing is now the most fun and yes I’m sweating when I reach the top. Bonus that I’m able to ride with folks 1/2 my age. Now they just need to permit them everywhere 🤞
where's the dog?
0:26 your in bentonville and have a membership to that coop place or whatever that has a fleet of free levos to use, why are you renting? 10:32 ohhh
Fakebike ☺️🤘
A bad accident destroyed my knee and left me with limited mobility at the ripe old age of 35 and I'm one of the people he talks about at @9:30.  E-Bikes are the only way I'm able to bike *anywhere*.  My ebike got me back outside, enjoying the fresh air.
Get an E bike that’s the future do those down hills so many more times, and all the good features
Something I found interesting in one of The Singletrack Sampler’s videos was that the e-bike allowed him to be in Zone 2 heart rate zone more and longer than a regular bike. Zone 2 is where you want to be for increased endurance and cardiac health. You still have to do some hard rides on a regular bike to get the heart rate high. But it seems that maybe an e-bike would be great for gaining endurance. I’m sure more testing would have to be done for more people, but I did find it interesting.
3500 is not cheap
I have been riding an e-bike for 7 years now, and am definitely much fitter than I was with a normal MTB because I go further, higher, longer and more often. However, in USA where E-bikes are not accepted or allowed in many places, I can completely understand not owning one. The main problem is the laws are not as strict in the US as they are in Europe, and therefore the bikes can go faster or even have throttle assist, which makes them more dangerous on trails shared by walkers. The strict laws where assist is cut at 25km / h, and it is occasionally controlled by police, has the advantage that e-Bikes can go more places and are more accepted here in Europe. I almost never use Turbo on my bike and on flat ground have the assist mostly turned off, therefore I get a goos workout.
1. You don't live near an area that has a punitive climb so Bad that people who drive 6 to 9 hours to ride these trails get 6 runs. Which equates to 24 minutes of trail time going down.  The rest is a steep painful fire road climb that takes 15 minutes of eagle gear climbing followed by a 15 minute break that extends each time you climb. Keeping in mind fuel, lodging, and food.  So your weekend consists of up to 12 to 18 hours driving and 48  minutes on then bike going down hill then the entire remainder walking your bike up the hill. Or get 50 runs on the ebike. You have no idea why it's necessary because u live somewhere good.
Ebikes should replace cars.  Ebikes should not replace other bikes for able bodied people.
e-bice, expensive way to get less exercise.
60 year old e-mtb'er here.  Now using my hardtail to go to the grocery store!  Trails are fun again  :)
I had en ebike once, got it because of health issues, used to too much of the time. After 8 months I forgot to charge it and rode normal bike, got surprised that the hill I drive daily was hard like many years ago. My physical shape had definitely deteriorated. Today I would be careful about not letting it get my shape, cars might be even worse for my training :)  Would have to limit my ebike hours! Maybe only use ebike the day after hard training or when hauling heavy stuff. My ebike has frontwheel engine making it 2x2 all wheel drive, so going through snow/mud feels light and funny both wheels pulling!
I think you nailed it on the head. They're fantastic but if you're like me, I would be heavily tempted to use it all the time which means I would be losing a lot of my cardio. Yes I could crank down the assist or just go for it without breaks but, in my experience that, that still isn't as tiring or healthy for me as pulling out my 'Amish Bike".
I ride both normal bikes and e-bikes. Sure you can push yourself less on e-bike and still get up the hill, but you can also pedal just as hard and simply get farther by being significantly faster. 🤷‍♂
No. 1 reason for me - safety. Maybe I am irational on this, but I saw plenty vids about batteries catching fire while charging and I definitely don't want such thing happening at my flat....
4:41 that's exactly what I have been telling everyone that my E-Gravel bike enables me to go longer stance and higher altitude, for the exact same average leg power and 4-5 hours of riding. There is this mindset that E-Bikes are all throttle based and the rider is not working at all.
A friend I have ridden with for 30 years is now on an e-bike due to knee issues. I didn't know e-bikes aren't allowed at Berm Park/Chestnut Mtn.  When I was there a few weeks ago, I saw a guy on one at the top of Chestnut.  After climbing that hill, I was catching my breath deciding with run I was going to do, since I knew I didn't have enough energy to do that climb again... and he rolls up and says that was his 4th run of the day...  at that point, I kinda wanted an e-bike...
I know diehard analog bikers that as they have gotten older have jumped all in on e-bikes.   Since they still want ride.
an ebike is just another thing you have to charge up.  Fair enough for the lame and injured.  Whats next, e-boots so you can hike further?  e-pecs so you can bench press more?
It would be great to see a video of the damage ebikes do to certain trails, like pisgah and etc would see if ebikes were allowed!
We have the same fear... I feel like if I don't ride, and ride hard,  I'm gonna get fat again. I just lost over 60 lbs and have this paranoia that if I don't punish myself on a ride, I'm gonna gain it all back. :(
To have ebikes banned from any bikepark reminds me a bit of when snowboards got banned from skiresorts in the early days. Just another tool and both can easily live side by side. Never mind what you ride as long as you ride folks👍
I feel like berm peak content is now somewhat boring. In videos it is usually half of the frames beautiful slow motion footage of Seth riding which we all know he can do, other half it is Seth talking about some problem or some nuance of biking weather it is his new strange bike or some change in biking, and honestly even from the video opening picture I can already predict what all the talking will be about, and it is just not interesting to watch. Back in the days each video was creative in some way, there were always some unexpected moments of madness and laughter.   It is just my opinion.
I just got "back" into mountainbiking thanks to my e-hardtail (Cube Reaction Hybrid). I've been a sloth since 2019, gained 65 lbs and having copd doesn't didn't make things any better. This summer, I got my e-bike and already lost around 31 lbs while regaining some muscle and my stamina is currently the best it was in the last 10 or so years thanks to that. But, I don't ride the emtb like most people would, just to get anywere more relaxed... no. I'm always pushing to go faster. On level terrain, I'm mostly over the motor assistance speed (limited to 25 kmh in Europe) anyway. And I ride my bike to work. Starting from 31 minutes for 12 km, I'm currently at 24-25 minutes.  And thanks to that regained fitness, I'll upgrade my old 2014 hardtail over the winter months and plan to finally take it back out in spring.
I thought you had emtbs for the camera crew?
I like Seths view on it - I have never thought about buying an e-MTB and still do not -  I know a few people that bought one for reasons like health , age etc.   I just don't like being dependent on electrical components and I don't like the weight. Also I will and want to have to know how to repair it on my own as do with my non e-MTB .  I am nearly 55 years old now and its still a nope for me.
Exactly the reason why I don't have an ebike yet myself. It's the only exercise.
I vary rarely comment but why don't you have a MTB Penny-Farthing?
Imagine a Walmart E mtb😮
banning ebikes from parks makes absolutely no sense and is borderline luddism and discrimination imo
You DON'T have a pet lizard.... Oh man.... Unsubscribed... 🙃😄
Maybe you like suffering and it would be about the time to "start living "  :D
Why don't you have a pet lizard?
What's wrong with turning the motor off?
Nikad više nebih vozio običnu biciklu e bike je stroj više puta mogu vozit svoje spusteve po šumama što bi prije sa običnim odradio samo jednu vožnju sad ih odradim tri četri puta. E bike sa bosh motorom i bosh baterijom stroj  broj 1
E bikes are like nickelback
Most of the acoustic wannabees that push their "real" bikes up the hills don't own an E-MTB because of their massive egos....I get fit on my road/gravel bikes(6k miles a year) and have amazing fun on my KTM E-MTB.... going uphill is so much fun now on technical trails....
Let us know which bike company contacts you first to sponsor you with an ebike!
I think for commuting everyone should be on an ebike. It makes a ton of sense. For me for my fun riding as long as I don’t get a serious injury I will more than likely never have one. I am not good at jumping or downhill. The cost of a crash is too much for me to go super hard in that discipline so where is the challenge for me?  Cardio and climbing that’s where it’s at. That’s my challenge. I don’t mind getting off the bike and screaming I do cyclecross on things I can’t ride.  Also I grew up in Tampa and there was this older gentleman in his 80s that got rid of his car after his wife passed and rode his bike everywhere and used to smoke almost everyone on group rides.  My life goal is to be that guy.
Two things I learned from this video: 1) the irrational dislike of e-bikes is unwarranted and 2) there is a time and place for everything.
Congrats on the 1 million
I've been a hardcore MTB-er for 40 yrs now. I got a Trek Rail 7 emtb two years ago and have never looked back. I ride all the same trails I rode in my regular mtb days, but I just go faster and further in the same ride time. The big difference is that I'm ALWAYS, ALWAYS up for a ride... any ride. Because there's no such thing as an off day on an emtb. Like many, I also track my heart rate and workouts on each ride. My heart rate (similar to my regular mtb days) is typically 150 - 190 bpm, with the occasional mid 120's bpm. But here's the awesome part, I ride all the time now because it's just so darn much fun. In this past two yrs, I've lost almost 15 lbs. That was weight I didn't drop for whatever reason while riding my regular mtb pretty often. Getting an emtb has been all upside from my perspective!
Lol i found out the local bike shop can't work on e bikes cuz the insurance they have won't allow it
I've had a hip replacement and back problems, so I only ride e-bikes
I’m pretty sure every company that makes these e-bikes will be firing of emails to Seth trying to get him to except a free bike . Also sure he’s been getting those messages for a long while, but like he said he’s happy with what he’s already got . No hate we just know the world of YouTube
Because no company is giving you a free one.
still doesn’t explain why you don’t have a powered cargo bike
A lot of people are riding ebikes where they're not allowed.  The mountainbike community should be responsible -  work together to change rules for access where appropriate but publicly accept that breaking rules for access hurts the reputability of the community in general.
Why not an eMTB , first the drive train is designed for human only power , the extra 80NM will burn thru cassettes and derailleurs. We need the carbon belt drive and combine drive and gearbox to be reasonably priced. Pinion are you lessoning?
Give it a week he will be flexing a new E Bike
The US seems to be quite far behind UK & Europe on eeb take up... I would say at a bike park about half are now eebs in UK. We also don't have all the trail bans on eebs like I saw around North Carolina when there in July. We got over the initial eeb hate mostly.... If u need an eeb for any reason, that's fine. Ur choice. Personally I like analogue.
would be cool if you could build a budget e mtb say $2500 and compare it to a $2500 normal mtb
EMTB's are outdoor trainers. User choice means you can spin at 90+ and get a great work out or you can take it easier. For newer riders skills are easier to learn, rides will be longer and users build endurance. EMTB's make you faster on your regular bike and your regular bike makes you faster on your EMTB.  I would point out that EMTB's are allowed in all NC state forests and Federal Parks and only in designated USFS lands. In North Carolina ebikes (class 1: low speed electric vehicles) are specifically defined in the motor vehicle statutes as not being motor vehicles. It's the same for federal consumer law. Congress defined the interstate commerce definition as "not a motor vehicle". USFA and other public entities have policies that define the product as a motor vehicle but it's not based in law which is why it will change as the social acclimation takes place.
I am with you Seth. I love Ebikes. They are a great technology, and they enable many people to cycle that wouldn't cycle otherwise. But I want to pedal hard. I want to challenge my body a little every day when I ride my bike. I want cardiac health to be a side effect of getting to work. Also I want my bike to be 100% ready to go all the time, no charging required.
"You can get further". That is terribly false. You're on a +20kg bike, with limited battery, and you get range anxiety, for all the good reasons. Because if the battery drains out and the top of the mountain is still far, you are severely screwed. I'm talking +50km rides.  You're waaaaaay better on a classic. Had to see it myself to believe it.
I always find it so funny when people go on about e-bikes are cheating. But they are happy to shuttle or ride a chairlift! Hypocrisy Ono O One! I love my e-bikes , never downhiller or enduros or even rode trails till I got one. I know own an analog bike for chairlifts. I’m for going fast downhill, not going up. I been riding e-bikes for 5 years and was one of the first in the area. Called a cheat so many times, now there are more e-bikes than analogue bikes. I’m 65 and jump like an 18 year old. My new passion is pushbikes, only took 60 years!
I own a Cube Hybrid Reaction Pro hardtail with the Bosch CX motor unlocked with the Volspeed V4. It’s absolutely amazing. I love it. I love bikes, but I love this ebike more. Either are great though!
I bought an ebike in the spring.   Best purchase ever.  It's so much fun.  More laps means I'm a better rider now!
Seth do you still mountain bike in your free time still and just not film it?
You don't need one so save the money. The tech is not repaired by most bike shops and will not be available in 3 years when the next version changes it. Bad investment
I think they should limit the historical reenactment bikes to certain times. They’re just in the way on the climbs. You can’t take your renaissance fair down the highway for good reason.   I like that people reenact the past. There’s just a time and place for it.
So Seth is getting a lizard.
haven't watched in a while, congrats on kid #2! :)
The 1500 feet of climbing on my regular ride is how I atone for my sins. That deep, loud, painful breathing can be truly euphoric. Some of you know what I’m talking about.
It’s expensive I can’t afford it
Someone is gonna have a drive way full of E-bike my middle of next week lol "Manufacturers will be like.. OMG PR dream oppertunity!" they wont even ask, just offload truckloads of E-bikes xD
I'm  in my 70's and everything still works, but an ebike is for sure in my future. I just want to push the pedals around on my own until I can't. Once I start to give out, I'm there. I've already scoped out what I want to buy. I hold off because I know if i spring for it, I'll quit riding my bike and i fear going downhill quickly. The people I ride with are zooming off on their ebikes leaving me behind (literally), but they're all younger than me so it's fine and I mostly laugh at them.
Well onli first few times you put less efort on e-bike. Then you want to be faster and go fuhrder and You will excercise the same.
Instead of typing of some kind of health issue or rebuttal I’m going to be honest. I just want to have more fun and do more laps. Only reason why I ride one now.
I feel like most people that hate on ebikes are from the US where it´s still ilegal in many areas to ride them and also many have not even ridden one yet ( but they wil try to say otherwise) Sure ebikes don´t make much sense in a bikepark especially where there are uplifts but hating on a ebike because it enables a healthy person to ride 3 times more trails in the same amount of time is just plain silly (and bruning more calories ). If you have all the time in world and are never time pressed, kudos to you but even then..the hate towards eebs still does not make sense :D
I absolutely hate that ebikes aren't allowed at 95% of trails. They Don't hurt the trails, theyre fine. Its a bias and I loath it. My trails say I cant and I do anyways. Theyre public trails, not private they can gfts. Its bad enough government tells us what we can and cant do now trail karens are telling us what type of MTB i can ride.
Day 1 of waiting for a pet lizard video
I got an ebike because my knees are shot. I have had more fun and done more on the ebike than I did on my clockwork.
In air body language on an e bike is definitely more work.  Its stable taking off and landing but whipping in air and the like, takes more effort to achieve the same shapes than a normal bike.  If you get it right and get back on a normal mtb it makes it feel like a bmx in the air 🙂
Hey Seth what you probably dident know is that with en E-Bike youre able top hold en spezific heart rate for a longer Periode of time witheout Spikes thats why alot of pros are switching for E-Bike to train
You should get that pet lizard😂
I don't own an ebike cause i am healthy 30y/o. I travel to varuous bike parks 200 miles away from my house up to 10 times a year. Terrain around my house isn't flat but there's no real mountains either. If i lived closee to some bikeparks or mountainside I'd totally go for an e-bike
There are enough ebike-centric or at least -inclusive content creators as it is. Can't really relate to their stuff. I'd personally be happier of you'd stick to real mountainbikes Seth.
Seth, you should make a video about bikes made of motorcycle companies like Yamaha.
I would have one if I didn't live in the, fairly flat, Netherlands. For now I manage on my analog bike, just not as fast as I used to be.
Very balanced and well reasoned talk on this much hacked topic… If you do get one, I’d suggest a mullet purely for the rear wheel clearance and quicker turning which helps make them a little more mtb-like.
Spoken like someone who doesn't have an ebike. You clearly haven't ridden one enough to realise it's a complete other sport. It's not a lazy version of MTB.
Skip leg day all day😅
But Seth hasn't handled the "real" arguments: 1) ebikes allow people to climb to trails beyond their skill (if that were the case than we need to ban lifts and shuttles) 2) ebikes are heavier and destroy trails (which means we need scales at the start of trails and kick out the heavy riders. Also, only carbon bikes should be allowed) 3) ebikes are a fire hazard (I mean....think of the animals)
Santa Cruz sL heckler review
Next video: We demand to know why you don't have a pet lizard.
5:50 flawed logic. If your a quitter you still quit at the same tiredness point so regular bike that might be two ride ups, an emtb it might be 6 ride ups and a lot more riding. Me I ride on boost all the time unless its a fire road and I just ride further to the same tiredness point. Your probably ride more often because you know 'eh, if I feel tired I'll lean into the bike'  It also helps avoid injuries and blow-ups. I'm guilty of tunnel vision, stubborn single mindedness and on a regular bike I overexert and hurt myself. Emtb's mellow out those peaks of overexertion stop me harming myself.   My old riding buddy is way out of shape, he has no time to be in shape. Before either of us got an emtb (he resisted because he wanted fitness benefit) he came for a ride, he looked miserable the whole time (2/3hrs). The next day I got a call he was so sore he had to stand up all day much to the amusement of his co-workers (he's a doctor need to sit to use microscope). Now (both) on emtb's he's happily following me around it's strange not to be waiting 5/10mins at the top of every climb.
The fitness issue is one I have noticed.  Usually ride around 100km per week on a bike.  Switched to a homemade e-bike last year and suddenly started to put on weight.  Once you switch though it is difficult to switch back to a normal bike.
I'm 60. I have a back injury from a body surfing accident in 1990.  I survived final stage testicular cancer that had spread throughout my torso via my lymph system in 2014.  I have wrecked knees, and in late Jan. and late Mar., had Open Wedge High Tibial Osteotomy Surgeries to straighten my bowed legs, which over my lifetime, have caused the knee damage.   I flog the crap out of a 46lb 2008 Rocky Mountain Flatline 1 downhill bike, that I converted 3yrs ago to be an all mountain bike, by putting a 1x, a 100mm stem, and a dropper post on it.  It is my cross-training brick, for better long distance trail/mountain running.  I'm a currently a couple years ahead of the projected recovery for a pair of HTO surgeries.  In Aug, I celebrated my 60th by running my 11th R2R at the Grand Canyon (I run it, I don't walk or use poles) but as a marathon distance, and returned in Oct. to run it again, but as a speed run.  I run in Vibram FiveFingers. I've also had a couple "overall" podium finishes in 2 recent trail Halfs, with 2,500' of vert.  I'm not interested in being assisted, either in my riding, or my running.
Hi there! I just wanted to drop you a quick note to say thank you for your last video– it was nice to see you finally riding an e-bike, especially after mentioning them in your previous videos. However, I couldn't help but notice that your gravel bike hasn't been mentioned since your last video with it. Have you sold it or is it just not simply not your style? I understand that your channel primarily focuses on mountain bike-related content, but I'd still love to see a video showcasing how hard you can push your gravel bike. Maybe a challenge or an adventure with it? Keep up the great work! ❤
Yes, they're more expensive, but potentially it could also fulfil the role of a commute bike whereas a normal mtb would perhaps not quite cut it, especially if you don't want to arrive at work all sweaty.
Hi Great video and good review of eMTBs. I'm 63 in the UK ride a Trek Remedy 9.8 and Specialized SL gen 1. I previously had a Turbo Levo but was never comfortable on it going downhill, too heavy. I tried the SL because it was cheap (used). Didn't think it would cut the mustard but immediately became my go-to bike. I got the Levo when my health and fitness were on a downward slide. I've dropped 11kg in the last year so the Remedy now feels like an eMTB but the SL is still my go-to. I usually ride it in eco with a bit trail if I'm on my own but it's great having the safety net of trail/turbo if I'm having a bad day or run out of puff, infrequent but happens as you get on a bit. I do agree 90nm 500w peak power ebikes are a different activity. IMO they don't integrate so well with riders on "acoustic" bikes. Doable but not so good.
Once you don't just do mountainbiking on an eMTB, they make a hell of a lot of sense. Most cities just aren't bike-ready or even bike-friendly yet. Having to ride through potholes and within heavy car traffic in the rain and snow - it really is nice to be able to just pull away at the lights and keep a steady 27 km/h even on uphill sections AND have enough suspension to not get scattered.  I have seen an "Urban eBike" (no suspension) being pushed by a car while avoiding a small pothole. It was 100% the car driver's fault (no safety distance whatsoever), of course, but it'd still be the biker under the wheel. Suspension is everything. And yes, cars have to be generally denied access to cities, but right now, things are the way they are.
Went to Berm Park last week.  Nothing but eMtb's there
Seth, maybe try to convert wallmart bike to cheap e-bike ? You can show what mistake to aviod to build good value e-bike :) Pros and cons of this type of build.
you are not excluding e-bike-people if you dont ride an e-bike. you can do pretty much evrything on an e-bike that you can do on a normal bike. but not the other way around. making content on normal bikes already is the inclusive thing. just dont be a dick about the bike you or others ride and evrything is fine. people on e-bikes are still people. just be nice and shit.  (i will never ever ride an e-bike my own!)
I use to be dead against E-MTB's... Mainly b/c of the hefty price tag & the crappy specs. But, since buying a GT Force Amp+ and mullet'in it out and chucking on a few of my own bits... I'm sold! I've done 3 big rides in 3 days (back to back)... I'd really struggle to do similar on my Amish rig. I've done 2 proper rides in the one day! Went out for a good solo ride in the morning one day and used roughly 50% of my battery... then a mate wanted to go out riding in the arvo & I was willing and able. The fact that I could (if I lived in a perfect world) ride 5 out of 7 days on my Eeb, means I'd be getting greater health benefits. Think the Single Track Sampler proved as much... you'll burn more calories on an Eeb. The true rub is, I can get double the DH in & that's the bit I live for 🤘
I like to pedal bikes and ride the actual bike.    E bikes to me are a waste unless you have a medical condition or something like that. MY OPINION. Don’t jump me for having one like the internet loves to do
This past year I've seen so many ebikes in Pisgah, DuPont, and yes, Berm Park. Berm Park seems not to care at all. And when I saw Seth at DuPont last year filming I asked him about allowing his filmer to ride an ebike to help get up and down the trails to film.  I love my ebike and my regular mtbs for different reasons.
Seth I've got an Etrike full squish your welcome to have a ride on to round out your bikes I don't have ...😅
Please do this video but for Donwill bikes  it will be incredbull . ( Sorry for my inglês im from Portugal 🇵🇹🇵🇹)
In Europe they have 2 classes of e-bikes. 25kmh or 15.5mph are considered bicycles and can go anywhere a bicycle can. 45kmh or 27.9mph is considered a light motorcycle and needs a license plate and are not allowed on bike trails or lanes unless the motor is off. Some might see that as limiting but I feel it’s a good compromise to keep people flying up trails like a dirt bike or motorcycle and keep the bicycle feeling.
That Evan guy always sounds like he has a gun to his head
As a dutchman, i fucking hate ebikes. Little kids on bikes going as fast as scooters. And theyre absolute monsters on it.
I enjoyed that video immensely Seth.... You were slowly evolving to the concept, much like us all. I'm 56 years old and my full power Trek Rail keeps me out on the trails. Sure I still have my 'acoustic' bike but it is not getting much use now. In fact I'm considering selling it to buy a mid-power E-bike for tech trail and jumping. E's are the future.
The only thing stopping me from having an ebike is being poor
the most satisfying and rewarding part of cycling and mountain biking is reaching the top of a climb and an e-bike just invalidates that.
What you meant is that you won't train for five years to hit the climbs your mom does.
I got myself an ebike some years ago after a knee injury. To rehab and to have a reason to keep riding bikes. After some time i was able to ride my "old" bike again but the ebike had another impact on me. i left my car way more often in the driveway. A quick trip to the grocery store? EBIKE. To the gym? EBIKE. To me it was a game changer.
I am a very amateur writer and I own a really cheap $700 hard tail and a Canyon mountain bike now. I love both of them for different reasons. I tend to take my mountain bike out way more often just because I like going fast and it’s more enjoyable on that End of the spectrum for me but you are 100% right with the hard tail feeling super light and agile and it’s just super fun to toss it around.
1. They are expensive. 2. They EAT drivetrain components.
Recently snapped the derailleur hanger on my eFattie which I had exclusively been riding for a year. I thought I'd be gassed out immediately when I get back on my trusty old hardtail while waiting for replacement but honeslty I noticed no difference. My cardio had stayed pretty much the same.
I freaking LOVE my ebike.  Evan looked good riding. He looked pretty fast. Very cool.
I tend to find I reach for my full suss mtb for XC trails, leisurely rides, family rides and parks with uplifts. But I use my full suss emtb for bike parks where I need to shuttle up and down myself.
What you get with an e-bike is if you get to a nice place like the one in the video, you don't  need to pay or wait for the shuttle.  You just ride up, and then down again.  So much fun. E-bikes are amazing for MTB places where there are no lifts or shuttles.  It just makes life so much easier.. I think within 5-6 year they will sell more e-bikes than regular MTBs
Being closer to 50 than 40 and only having budget for one full suspension bike an emtb is a no brainier to me. I also know lots of the younger riders buying emtb too, having said that the UK emtb culture seems different to the US, I’m unaware of any tracks, locations you cannot ride an emtb.
Lot of good points, for me they're just... More fun. I like going fast, I don't like the struggle bus, I'm more likely to go out at all on my ebike so that's good. I get way more exercise than I would on a motorbike too, which is the other option for people with a low tolerance for exercise-related misery like me
Can confirm irrational fear.
Seth, thank you for trying and beeing inclusive!   ❤💯💪🏻 [That's something everyone of us should be in all kinds of areas in life.]  Personally I think an e-motor makes bikes, especially mtb, far more versitale. That beeing said, I sold all my bikes 3 years ago (except for a ~40 year old road bike), bought an E-bike (Turbo Levo) which I am upgrading sporadically. With it I can do all the stuff I did before on "bio-bikes", even more. I go on mixed rides - where I need the extra power - and where I don't need it and get more of a workout not using the motor - BONUS: if your buddys/partner/kids are tired you can just tow them and everyone is happy.
You won't see many fat people on a regular mtb but many on ebikes
i got an e-mtb a couple of months back and it's given me back the desire to get out there and ride... i lost *all* my fitness and stacked on a heap of weight when covid hit and struggled with the motivation to get back out there, but now i'm back and loving it!
Very interesting to see that in America people are still questioning and thinking about ebikes. Very strange that they are still forbidden in some public parks ! That is crazy and against any real freedom rules ... here in Europe, ebiking has become ubiquitous and a "no brainer" for vast majority of riders.  I MtB weekly for some decades and own actually 1 real full suspension heavy aluminium ebike (10 000 km already), 1 electrified steel hardtail bike (Lift kit) that i use mainly to go downtown but also on evening after work quick forest rides in spring, 1 muscular steel hardtail and 1 muscular aluminium enduro.  For me the main question is about those Carbon frame, not electric motor !  (carbon fiber is dangerous for workers health and impossible to recycle after EOL , all that for saving a few hundred grams that i can easily save on my own body instead....) I enjoy all 4 bikes equally and rotate them as the mood, weather and maintenance conditions let me do it.
Thank you for bringing e-bikes to your movies.
Seth, you need a Brompton.
Ebikes are for people who are disabled. Or if you secretly wish you could get in to mx but can't commit
pres the turbo button and fly
I found an enduro Ebike to be much better for use throughout the year. In the winter once snow starts to pack on trails and fresh snow falls ontop it can be impossible to climb trails as you wont be able to maintain momentum. In such cases an ebike is the only option if you want to ride a bike up a hill. It also allows me to make use of the limited daylight hours during wintertime.
The biggest problem with them is the cost of maintaining them, on my levo the battery £1200 and the motor £650 add that to the cost of all the other parts that wear out regularly and you have some expensive repair bills.
Evan in a berm peak video!!
I can do 3x as many laps of my local trails in the same time it would take me to do one on my regular bike. I honestly don't think it feels any heavier when riding (sure does when lifting over gates etc). It's funny how much hate i see and have recieved when riding them, but i just put that down to ignorance and the hater just being a shitty person...but it doesn't matter as i'm having loads of fun while they are puffing out of their arse hole
The problem I see with e-bikes is that it's kind of a different sport.  A person riding an e-bike just cant really go on a ride with an analog biker without someone feeling frustrated and left out. That doesn't make e-bikes bad, but it does mean you kinda have to get the whole crew on board before you pull the trigger.
I have a pedal assist eBike for commuting, if people want a pedal assist eBike for the road or mountain if their fitness is not 100% it's great - means more people out on bikes. Sucks how they are banned in Seth's neighbourhood (could understand if throttle eBikes were banned).
It would be a different story if you could ride every where like we can here in Europe. What is it with the states that ban E bikes they are not motorcycles, my E bike is limited to 25km per hour I can go way faster than that on an Amish bike.
👍
Seth, thank you for your open approach towards ebikes. In my personal opinion, I think ebikes are a very nice way to include people, just as you explained. And they have other applications. They support a parent hauling their kid in a trailer when it's just a means of transportation. They fuel a cargo bike when people move around goods in an urban area. They help weaker people get their breath of fresh air and outdoor activity. Heck, they even help office workers get to their job without sweating. But - for me - I still need a *reason* to use electric assistance. Because electric assistance has downsides which I don't want when not absolutely necessary. It's heavy. Heavy to load onto your car. Heavy to carry into your basement. Heavy to put on your maintenance rack. Heavy to pull around when riding. It's expensive. You always have to pay for every single part of your bicycle. When an ebike costs the same as a conventional bike, I assume the conventional bike has higher quality components. And mostly: An ebike will strip me from the feeling of achievement. When I'm cycling, breathing hard, sweating, legs are burning, everything is getting dirty, that's what I did. When I get home from my daily commute, I know what I achieved. When I haul my little one to the kindergarten, I love to wave goodbye to ebikers while I pass them with a whistle on my lips, because *I can.* I am proud of my strong legs and what they can do for me, and I'm not paying thousands to give that away. But - as stated above - I see and respect the reasons why people choose ebikes.
people who hates it without even giving it a try are lowkey scared that they might like it😅
Finally someone admits that you can get the same exertion from riding an e-bike IF you pedal just as hard. But in reality (especially in mixed bike rides) you just pedal as fast as the normal mountain bikers you’re with.
Just remember - Money doesn't buy you happiness; however, money can buy you an Ebike and I've never seen someone on one miserable.....
5:30 I ride my eMTB for the exact opposite reason. I don't have a lot of time to ride, because of family life. So I can jump on my bike and bust ass for an hour and still get a great workout and have 3x as much fun!  For those of you who don't know, ebikes kinda shift the workout towards to the cardio spectrum. You're still pedaling like a mad man.
Do a DH bike video, you’re going to love it
Ive only seen people who dislike e-bikes talk about the "exercise". I ride my bike for the same reason i skate: for fun, not exercise. I go to the gym for exercise.
Here in the UK Ebikes can be ridden everywhere, I've got one in my fleet, I'm blessed 😄
I started mountainbiking this summer. Tried riding a "normal" bike but couldn't make it. After contracting corona last year my lungs are just not as capable. Getting an eBike through my employer really helped me getting into biking
I'll make my analog miles and gains, and poke some good-natured fun at e-bikes, but if you're having fun and keeping it respectful, ride on!
E-bikes aren't bad, per se. I'd call them assistive devices for those that need the little oomph they can't muster, and also they're easier on the knees, and allow you to do longer distances.  The reason I don't own one is that they're complex to repair (motors, electronics, and sensors), and that weight! Not very flickable.   I like 'em light and simple.
Then rents a bike I own. 😂
I decided to get an e-mtb for the adventure aspect. It's just great to get triple the distance and with that triple the view with the same effort. Also if I forgot to pack enough snacks I can turn on the turbo on the way home and won't bonk.
Wow ebikes are not allowed in some places? Over here it doesn't matter whatever you ride.
I'm having a similar internal conflict myself at the moment... I ordered a Vitus E-Mythique not long ago. I don't think I 'need' one just yet but I'm no spring chicken and I know my knees will be a weak point in the future (they're not brilliant now). There is a voice in the back of my head saying all the same things Seth is thinking though; do I really need it? Will it make me lazy, unfit, etc? I think I'll have to exercise a lot of self-control to stop that happening but I do have other people I ride with that will help with that hopefully. I got it purely on the basis it was on sale at £2300... a grand off the normal price, couldn't really say no to that!
Banning EMTBs from trails is the most unreasonable ban ever.  Are they too heavy and destroy the trails? Might as well bring out an old 20kg+ acoustic bike with the same effect on the trail. Is the torque too high and destroys the trails too? Bring out a pro cyclist with more power through the pedals and, will he get banned? Probably not. Are you jealous because you don’t have one? Probably yes…
The reason i dont have en e-bike... I dont want one. Simple.
I'm killing myself because of my emtb! I always keep going to places I would never go with a amish bike. One think I dont like with emtb is that you need 80-90 cadance to get max assisatance, that is much higher than what I have on my amish bike while climbing :D (Oh ya. my form is so bad that the emtb gives me  hell of a workout lol)
Its a proven fact that Daddy strenght is greater then gym bro's strenght so don't worry about it seth 👍🏻
I think Ebikes are great to remove the fitness barrier in cycling. At the same time, I think most Ebikes are just way too massive and overpowered. In the same way, a lot of people use stupid huge SUV's only to drive to the shops, a lot of people buy the biggest, most powerful Ebike with 90Nm motor and 800 Watts max power to just go on a easy ride. 90 Nm... that's more than a lot of motorbikes....
My wife, 8 months pregnant, has covered 75 km.... thanks to the motor. This is not a sport. It's an electrified vehicle. What I meant to say is that if you're young without a strong disability you have no business with an ebike. Or maybe you're just lazy.
Great video as always
If you convert that polygon which retails at 3500 usd to our money it's 200k lol thats like a luxury price tag in my country
I love my Canyon ebike. If you want a workout leave it in Eco or similar. It baffles me that you cant just ride an ebike anywhere in the US. As for confidence, it took me a few weeks to get confident on the tricky stuff but i think that ebikes ride better overall as the weight gives insane grip
ebikes have improved my cardio fitness as I can now do all the riding I used to do before I blew my knee out. without I can ride 20 mins at best yesterday I did 62 miles over a 4 hour ride ride, yes my knee hurts today but I can still walk without the ebike after 20 mins I can't walk for a day or two.
I have a decent watch collection and held off buying an Apple Watch as I thought I’d never wear my ‘proper’ watches again. I caved and bought an Apple Watch last year. I haven’t worn any of my ‘proper’ watches since.   I’m worried e-bikes are the same. As a result, I won’t even try one because I don’t want to risk not riding my ‘proper’ bikes.
Because it's insanely expensive
To expensive...thats why these companys get bankruptcy
My acoustic Trek frame snapped and while it's away for warranty, they gave me the EX-e 9.7 to ride.   It's been a fantastic tool for riding with my 2 year old on the shotgun seat, it is a wonderfully damped frame and the motor helped me do more laps than normal.... but it was still hard work.
You are speaking my language now! I like how you phrased the inclusivity as I am over 60 and predominantly ride with people older than myself, so e-Bikes are the new normal in the PNW! Take your Kent Trouvaille and purchase a 750 watt BARANG BBS02 motor and a 48-52v battery kit and turn it into your little cafe cruiser with MTB style! I compare it to the Schwinn AXUM and now I have two Trouvaille's with that motor battery combination plus upgraded hydraulic brakes with power cut -offs!!! Tres important... I did the Same thing to my AXUM DP build with same motor/52v battery kit. I would do it to your Big Dummy and could probably put two 1KWh batteries on it and go 120 miles on a single charge...thanks for sharing Bentonville with us...congrats on your 2nd
I'm surprised you noticed the weight of the Ex-e, borrowed my bosses one for a few rides and generally didn't notice the extra weight on trails/jumps, although I do usually use an enduro bike so not a massive difference in weight. Even with the motor off it climbed better than my enduro bike 😂
Ebikes uphill are amazing but I just enjoy the simplicity of regular bikes in general. (I used to have an eMTB btw and it was great fun!)
For sure he went home and directly ordered one. 😅
"a real mountan bike"..booooom!
Great point about the lack of cardio. I've only used one once around my local network and we covered easily double the usual distance, I barely lost a breath.. But.. my quads were sore for 5 days due to all the extra descent!
Having hard tails, cross country bikes, dirt jumpers and not a dh bike is a stranger concept to me
The real mountain bike argument is a joke, if people were actually that bothered we all still be rocking around on penny farthings
I have both. I don't have a preference overall but some types of ride call for one or the other... Like chasing my 6yo, I find the ebike annoying (heavy, intrusive, I don't feel the effort I'm inflicting on others). But if I'm commuting with said 6yo and a bunch of gear on the back... Ebike all the way.
Great video and you covered almost every aspect that explains why e-MTBs bikes are so popular.  As a 64-year-old E-MTB rider (on my 4th year on one) I feel that you "got it" (as you say) except perhaps on the subject of cardio. You see, in the days of me riding an acoustic/"proper" (as you called it) mountain bike, I would often (on climbs) reach a point where my heart-rate would go through the roof at which point my younger/fitter buddies would either have to wait for me to "recover" or wave goodbye as they watch return to base. Now, with the e-bike, at the beginning I was cranking up the power and feeling like Superman until one day I said "Wait a minute I'm no longer doing much cardio" and I have now adopted a methodology which gives me both cardio/sweat as well as the great feeling that you experienced going uphill.  I start off in "Eco" mode (the minimum assistance on my Bosch-powered Trek e-bike where most of the assistance is used to carry the extra weight of the bike) and I watch my heart rate. When I get to the point where I have reached the heart-rate that I have decided would be the maximum, I then crank up the assistance to the next level (Tour) or even the one after that ("EMTB" mode on Bosch) and then slowly watch my heart rate drop to the level that I am comfortable at which point I would switch back to Eco or Tour whichever mode is the one below the current. That way I do get a workout, I don't give up and go home, I ride with my buddies, I ride longer and higher and also get a better range from my battery. Overall, in my case I am getting a better workout in a typical e-ride than I was on my acoustic bike.  Keep up the great videos - a subscriber from Cyprus.
I do not own ebs for one simple reason - I really like "physical" site of biking - the more tired I am, the more happy I am.
Man I just hate uphills and as much as I get the grind and why some people are more then willing to take up the challenge since most of the time you get a downhill at the end. I just don’t find it enjoyable especially if you have a physical day job…e bikes completely change that for me.
I ride mountain bikes, but my primary hobby is motos. Since I don’t ride MTB enough to stay climbing fit, the e-bike has made MTBing fun again. Really fun.
This video was just a philosophical debate between Seth and himself and I'm loving it.
I am perfectly healthy, active, full time dad with a demanding daily schedule. Used to get my fitness from 10km/6mi evening runs. Once I got my emtb I replaced them with a blast to the nearest trails. I get my workout done and I get to ride trails instead of boring runs. Weekend rides depend on the company. If all is on emtbs, I ride emtb. If there are people with unassisted, I take my Santa. Find what works for you, and how you get more fun, and adjust. Maximise enjoyment.
you should get an ebike
equalizer? yes, by all means!  but let's not forget some folk riding recklesly on overdrive are thinking they outsmarted the system to have a motorbike experience on bike lanes, single tracks or sidewalks (thise pedestrian-cyclist shared space) 🤷
Here in Germany you can ride e-bikes pretty much anywhere. I love my e-bike, I substantially improved my tail riding skills over past two years after buying it. I rode with people who are much fitter than me and we still enjoy the same trails.  But nevertheless I’m getting a new full-sus acoustic bike today ;-) To do even more riding! Just a different type of riding.
That so stupid not to let people ride ebikes. Or in general to have special areas where you are allowed to ride mountain bikes and not let people just ride where ever is forest and trails.   But about ebikes, if you ride easy or built tracks it tends to be lot easier with ebike but on natural trails that are at least here in Finland usually really technical riding ebike is just as hard in terms of hear rate etc. You don't need to pedal so much but stuff just comes towards you so fast that it makes normal riding bit similar to endure/downhill, so more pumping etc. full body movement instead on putting most of effort on pedaling.    So it's definitely different sport, sometimes easier some times just as hard or even harder than normal mountain biking.   In my mind the main negative side is how much the bikes wear down from more riding and faster speeds on hard trails. So the bikes are not super expensive but owning one surely is :D
This video wasn’t supposed to go live until next week, but I made a scheduling mistake perhaps? 😅 Enjoy. The emtb I rode had a smaller motor and lighter build than a “full ebike”, and so keeping up with Evan and Dan actually took quite an effort once we started covering ground. It’s a great amount of assist for someome dipping their toe in, and handles more or less like an analog.
I get e-bikes. I don't own one even though my analogue bike cost more than most e-bikes. I want MTB rides to hurt. I want to suffer and I want to be fit. I might be a little strange but I want to get to the top of that hill under my own power. Yes, there are things I simply can't ride or get up, but I can live with that. I'm in my early 40s and fitter than I've ever been but I suspect one day I'll need an e-bike to get me out on those big rides. But not today.
Why _don't_ you think about owning a pet alligator?
Class 1 ebikes not being allowed on all trail systems is as stupid as how most ski resorts wouldn't allow snowboards for many years. The arguments against class 1 ebikes have all been proven to be BS. Traditionalist just don't like them. Twenty years from now it will be looked back on as ridiculous, the same way those early snowboard bans are now viewed.
I lived in the states in the 90s and the way e-bikes there are being viewed reminds me very much how snowboarders used to be treated on some mountains. Segregation and exclusion for no good reason.
I think you were getting the point towards the end ......... On an eMTB  I go places I wouldn't, I go further than I would, and I go faster than I would normally.   If you just do your normal ride, but on an eMTB, you are missing the point.
Why I don't have an E-fixed-gear bike? Cause it wouldn't be much fun anymore.
There in the uk we use our EBike to go up the hardiest and most direct route up the climbs making it fun and technical ! find yourself some eBike climbs by you and tell me it’s not a work out ! they must be so steep make sure you can’t get up I’m on a normal bike
Bentonville was NOT on my must visit top 100 list. If I ever went to the USA. Now it is what a great looking town. I hope Bentonville  invites Seth back again. ( or towns like this)
I think Seth needs a pet lizard
You should do a DIY e-bike conversion on something totally ridiculous, maybe on the unicycle? Or convert one of the walmart bikes?
I have had people tell me to sell my regular bikes and get an ebike.. While, budget permitting, I would love an ebike, but not as my only mtb. At least not yet.. But, for days when I blow up my legs the day before, I would love one.. Or for rides with other people on ebikes.. If i could get an ebike, the hard part would be decided which one to choose...
I want to see a collaboration between Mike and Chris from Propel. They have the same vibe 👍
Saying that the point of mountain biking is the fitness aspect might be your point of mountain biking but to many people that's not their point. Some people who might be chronically ill or injured but still want to enjoy an act of Lifestyle for the benefits of their Mental Health but can't muster the physical strength to be able to ride a mountain bike all day. this has been an amazing option for people like me. Maximizing enjoyment in life is more important than maximizing an arbitrary Fitness goal that gate keeps people out of a sport.
I disagree with the fitness angle - not everyone’s definition of mtb is downhill trails. For me I rode alpine passes (up and down)in Europe, something I couldn’t have dreamed of with a normal mtb. It was also a massively intense workout and even with the assist I was huffing and puffing. Not to mention most allow you to dial in which level of assist you want, so it’s really on you.
I got an ebike when my son was born. I don't get much time for my own activities just as seth has said. I hate that on my analogue bike, I climb once and its time to go home. With my ebike, I can can do a the same size 20mile trails loops I used to do. I get more enjoyment and don't loose out on time with my son
😂 I am going to end with an E bike too.
What a cameo !
07:37 The collective "oof!!!"
Saying that you are getting less tired on an emtb if you want to get tired id ridiculous. Just read the fkin manual Seth if you need to and put the assist mode on eco. It will barely offset the extra weight of the bike and you will get your cardio
Awesome video! For me Ebikes are what got me into moantain biking. It was only after gaining enough fitness riding an ebike five years ago that I decided to buy an analog MTB - and then four more analog bikes...
1:11 yes that’s the thing about E bikes
For me I got into mtb as a FUN way to get exercise. Getting an ebike just seems to defeat the whole point in doing that.
You could make the argument that  having an e-bike would allow you to get in more rides in. But I wonder if a sl would help you get in more of a workout
Evan mentioned! 🗣️🗣️
Be scared! If you switch over to the dark side, you won't go back! Arghhh, the friction from tyres is shocking...
Northshore Betty is 73 yrs old and rides a normal pedal bike. 😎  I remember when only older or disabled people rode motorized bikes. Nowadays, I mostly see seemingly “able bodied” individuals on them…
If you think you arent getting a workout, ask Singletrack Sampler. The heart rate was still up and yu are still getting a damn good workout.   And I can say riding a e-MTB for two weeks, it was still damn hard, even for a 10K km+ cyclist a year. I just went a whooooole lot faster
analog and digital  bikes ;)
Ebikes are just more fun.
Just got an eMTB and love it. Although not getting rid of my Hightower.
Whaaat? They are not allowed in specific places?  Wow! Here in Europe, you can take it anywhere, any trail, why not?
Well, Seth Used to own an E Bike. That name Buffalo. That was back then and he Sort of Gave it to His Grandpa. I think. For those that Follows, you know what I mean😂😂😂😂
No respect and zero tolerance for e-bikers.
You couldn’t have said it any better
Evan!!
If my primary bike park was gravity focused I would definitely consider an E-MTB to get more laps. Not a fan of 30-45 min climb for a 6min descent and shuttles get expensive fast.  However my local trails are more trail / XC so I’m very happy with a normal MTB and keeping my fitness up
for me owning an E bike and calling it an MTB is just illegal. if you disabled and own an e-bike and call in an MTB, it is okay. welp it's just my opinion
I've got a Fuel EXe like Seth tested and not only is it a great ebike but it's a great mountain bike, it's only about 40 lbs instead of 50-55 like most other ebikes which is only a few pounds heavier than most enduro bikes these days. About 2/3 the power of a full powered ebike which allows it to take the sting out of the climbs but still requires a good amount of effort. Charges harder than a 140/150 bike should lol.
Well if you think about it, you are just trading some time at work with time at the gym: you make a bit more money to afford that ebike to take you on rides you aren't fit enough to go.
For me for example even tho I ride mainly BMX , MTB is NOT about fitness at all. Its about having a good time outside feeling the wind and enjoying the bike. Having as much fun uphill as downhill is priceless.  I play basketball, jump BMX and train for recovery ( when im not lazy ) The Ebike is just pure fun to cruise around town and forest. Go places faster than a car ( in the city), getting the mornin coffee and enjoy the wind.
4:19 the Chris Akirgg vibe
I love E bikes. The funny thing is I feel the opposite of you. I will hit big jumps on the E bike because it is so stable whereas I am nervous on the same jump on my "real mtb"
Ride what you want to ride. Too much egos involved in discussions about ebikes.....
When I could ride a MTB I rode a non-electrical bike to stay in shape.  Sometimes old farts would pass me going uphill but I didn't care much because the little old ladies were outside exercising still
After almost a year of owning an e bike I won’t be going back to an acoustic bike. I’ve always never felt 100% comfortable on a mtb bike until I jumped on the e bike. The weight made it so much more stable and more predictable. When going out with groups I’ve got eco mode turned down low as it goes so I’m still getting a work out and no faster than non e bikes. As it’s a mixed group we go just on e bike rides and the amount of riding we get done is ridiculous.
I’m happy pushing up and the e-bike I could afford would be a POS compared to my normally bike.
E-bikes are not real Mountainbikes.
Seth, you are a bloody legend!
Should've used a Trek Rail, get the full ebike experience
I don’t own one because I like bicycles. Which are human powered. I don’t mind if other people have “e-bikes” but what baffles me is peoples unwillingness to acknowledge that they are indeed motorcycles. What is wrong with calling them what they are? Why the discomfort? Why the insistence that spinning a crank with your feet as a throttle is so different than spinning a grip with your hand?
But you are going to get that pet lizard now, right? 😀
Get an EMBT but don't get a pet lizard.
Honestly, if an E-MTB isn't up your alley, you can always keep the Surly "Big Easy" in mind if you ever wear out/break the Big Dummy during one of your more... interesting adventures. Might make an easier time of the bigger grocery trips.  In any case, I love Ebikes. I use mine in place of a car for commuting. I honestly enjoy commuting by Ebike so much that I intentionally take longer routes so I may savor it all the more.
Will you try electric unicycles? I think it would be an awesome thing to try especially being in bentonville.  I haven’t done any mountain biking but I do enjoy watching it. My current favorite hobby is off-road electric unicycle riding, think about it.
I see Polygon I press like!
So glad this wasn’t an RC car video 😂
you can ride an eBike anywhere you want. It's not a regulated machine with a vin number. No one has authority over your bike. They made up dumb levels where i live, 1,2 and 3 and none of the ebikes I own fall under any of their criteria because people who make laws dont know about ebikes. Those trek bikes and all that bosch junk is so over inflated. Get yourself a normal bike, put a bafang bbs02 or bbshd on it and enjoy your life. My forest preserve says "no ebikes on single track" and I've done like 4k miles on single track and not one second has anyone said anything to me. Rules are meant to be broken. I would never ride a "regular" bike ever again. Just turn off the motor and you have a regular bike. I only like ebikes. I wish you would make more content building your own ebikes. I build all of my own and build them for friends. Everyone loves them.
You are missing out.
Oh sick your recording with Evan again. Exited for the new video about the polygon from Evan.
heres a content, try converting a hardtail to an ebike with those conversion kits online.
Is that the beautiful trek fuel ex e
Crap should have finished the video before commenting... Just wanted to say THANK YOU for adding that little "un-edited" video of you just riding there at the end! I know you have videos explaining why you can't just post that type of content all the time anymore. But its super nice to see you just ride! Love it! Thanks for the video! n_n
You should get a dh bike tho😊
Try to get a fat bike electric e-motorad cycle Which is from India
YES.. support your local bike shop by renting an .. *cough* ... demo... an Ebike..
Also as someone who has had double lung surgery. I WISH I could get an e-bike. The amount of times I have to just dead stop while doing the most basic of climbs because I literally don't have enough lung left to breath that hard. It sucks tbh. But I do know that even if I did have one, I know that not every mtb trail spot will allow it and I know how much the crazy "NO E-BIKES!!!" people will hate me for it. Even tho it would simple be like using a cane to walk... kinda.  Edit: Basically, what I'm saying is. Just let other people do what they want and stop acting like e-mountain bikes are gonna ruin anything. At the end of the day we should all be out there doing what we wanna do for fun and enjoying it with each other. Just have fun!
They are a saviour for those of us with chronic health issues. I generally dislike the extra weight except when charging through rough, chunky trail where the weight helps keep it more composed & settled. Overall, I love it.
ended up getting an e-bike after a severe leg injury. thankfully I'm able to use it on trails here in Colorado as an OPDMD. but how is my usage different than someone who's out of shape or elderly or has some other disability that's not apparent or easily categorized? frankly, ebikes ought to be allowed on all MTB trails. then we can dismiss all the confusion. just limit it to cat1 e-bikes which are generally around 250w-350w assistance. that's about what a healthy rider does so nothing outlandish. more places should follow Bentonville's commonsense example for e-bike usage.
Same reason I haven't bought one. The places I want to explore and ride an E bike, their not allowed.
Real question is, when does Seth get a pet Lizard
Phat tire IS THE PLACE TO GO!!! My bois at Phat tire ALWAYS get me right and the Tulsa crew are awesome!! Defiantly check them out!!
That e-bike is sweet, being a Gen-x’er I did stupid & ridiculous things in the 70’s & 80’s and am now feeling/paying the price for all that fun and I can say if I could afford the e-bike you were riding it would make it possible for me to get out and ride around town A LOT more . 😊
I'll definitely get one down the line. working towards my 40s, so any exercise and going out is better than not.
Yet another one of these videos, boring.
I love the cardio. I have an e-bike but for hauling the kid to school. The mountain bike will be a good old analog bike until the fun I want to have exceeds my physical ability. Until then, I’ll remain cursing at people with motors who try and get me to pull over in order to pass.
My mother wanted to ride with my father and I. We (used to) go for 30km ride every weekend, and despite her being somewhat fit and definitely capable of coming with us, she was anxious that she would drag us and slow us down.  We got her a Lapierre Hardtail ebike. She's been coming with us ever since, and having tremendous amount of fun! At first she was on full boost all the time, nagging us from the front of the pack, but as time passed she started using less and less assist to still get a good workout, to the point where she would sometimes (like on big plateau) completely shut the electric assist off
I love that you ride the Trek Fuel EXe. I bought the bike because it´s a lighte e-MTB.  Since I´m a dad now I don´t have much time to go out for long rides. So with the Trek I can get 3 or 4 rides in a timespan that only allowed me 1 or 2 before (long climb). I thing even with the assist, it still quite a workout on long and/or technial climbs. I was an e-bike hater for a long time but the light e-MTB is a great catergory for me.
i feel like removing the fitness barrier is one of the big issues with e bikes. the awesome part of that is it makes mtb accessible to people who couldn't otherwise. the downside is that it's a lot easier to get in trouble, to access trails you haven't got the tech skills for. mtb skills and etiquette are at least as important, but an e bike doesn't always force you to learn them
Glad you and Even are getting along. Also... Why don't you have a bus full of bees?
I own one for a few reasons, 1 it’s fun, 2 use it to maximize my time on the bike and 3 it gets me out more because it’s more enjoyable on the difficult climbing trails. Since I got it I’ve been riding more on all my bikes.
The wife get's an ebike te keep up with the husband. The husband now needs an ebike to keep up with the wife. And now the kids need an ebike to be able to cycle with their parents. This is an extremely simplified version of how a worrying amount of the kids in the Netherlands (previously a cycling country, with mainly flat and short distances) currently ride ebikes instead of being healthy and fit. Ebikes have the means to empower a lot of people who are otherwise unable to participate (which is a great thing), but they are mainly used to normalise lazyness in my opinion.
My thoughts exactly. I don’t want to give up anything I have now on my me-bike, the fitness gains are substantial, the climbing buzz is free therapy, and bikes are already maintenance soaks enough without the e-assist bits.
The only e-bike I use, is my  cargo bike. I wouldn't be able to reach home without the motor. (300m elevation gain)
My cardio schedule is so haphazard due to my work. The ONLY reason I'm able to bike my trails is because of my ebike
Im getting to an age now where an ebike is starting to appeal.
You do you man  I sell them. I don't own one, though a Rail is enticing
I was talking to a guy who owned an e-Mtb shop and he said something that made me want one, there great for a person who loves to ride but only has a small amount I of time to do so, for a fairly fit person you could literally get twice as much riding done in the same window of time!
I was sceptical if ebikes having never ridden one too, but ended up buying one in May this year. Ive ridden twice the miles so far this year across all my bikes, and can genuinely say ive not lost any fitness, infact im probably fitter now than last year. When i do solo rides i take mybreg xc bike and the ebike to the bike park, do the normal laps on the xc bike - then when i would normally have gone home i session the dh on the ebike. I  find it interesting that generally those who have ridden or owned an ebike are usually the negative 'anti' squad - the same for all types of bikes. If they aren't for you dont get one, but dont have a go at those that do ride one.
Some days I’m lazy so I’ll take my ebike out. Other days I’ll take my normal bike out
I had no idea there even were non-e-bike trail systems.
You have to get a pet lizard, recommend 10/10
My dream ebike is the new nukeproof megawatt with automatic shifting and if I had one I’d definitely ride it in Manhattan all day long
Me-Rides bike instead of staying up all night on a computer.  Seth-released new video near midnight
With double hip replacements at the age of 15, and now im 29 with arthritis and cysts in my pelvis, yea im definitely saving for a emtb lol. Actually saving for that specific bike, a Trek Fuel Exe (in blue or black). I like that its very light assist compared to full power bikes like the rail, so i can still get some pretty proper exercise.
Recumbent is where it's at.
My brother and his family just took my mum to New Zealand and put her on an eMTB all around Rotorua. She absolutely loved it. She turns 70 next month.
Ebikes have power settings.. Put it on eco if you want a workout, turn it off if your a sadist.
Seth, I hope you worked with my buddy Ben at Phat Tire! Salt of the earth that guy!
"real mountain bike" FTW!!!
I had a huge knee reconstruction done years ago that took me off of the bike for many years. Having my trance e+ I now can get back on the trails. My problem on an acoustic is that I would be out enjoying a trail ride and after so much climbing my knee would hit a brick wall and I would lose all strength. I now don't have that problem and can get out and enjoy like I used to. It's been amazing to get back into biking and still be able to go to my job each day. I'm back to riding almost daily and that's a big deal for me.
Where I live and the trails around me it pays to own a e bike. But saying this even I dont have a ebike and its fine for me.
get an ebike that is a downhill too... that would be fun
Rented a pivot shuttle.  Didn’t feel like I was on a bike ride.  Felt like I was taking an escalator at the mall.  To each his own though.
Seth is totally gonna get an e-bike! Relax Seth mate for most people it's the best choice they ever made!
Prohibiting E bikes is total nonsense
If you have a medical condition please get an Ebike and come out and experience the trails. If you are able bodied and choose to ride an Ebike, don’t call yourself a mountain biker or cyclist; you are an Ebiker. It’s a different sport. Also please be sure to put your Strava in Ebike mode before taking every KOM.
EVAN!! Hey
Thing I don't like about store bought ebikes is that they are ridiculously expensive for what you're getting. A locked down maybe 250W motor. Buy a bafang 1kw motor kit, em3ev battery and convert one to ebike and you get majorly better thing with a motor you can tinker with
The accessibility argument is the most exaggerated and embellished lie of eBikes.  Yes, there are genuinely people out there with disabilities or age limitations, but the overwhelming majority of people on eBikes are able-bodied, middle-age riders.
Man U need a pet lizard
In EU a EU-wide directive imposed, still in 2002, that anything with less than 250W, 25 km/h and without throttle shall be considered a normal bike, no distinction allowed. Thus, they can't forbid them on trails. And I fully agree with that logic.
Thanks for another entertaining video. I didn’t learn much since I hav had an e-bike for 5 years already. I love them but I am 72 years old and wouldn’t be able to ride the 40 to 50  mile, all day rides that I like to do, without an e-bike. I have a low powered ebike and still get a great workout.
There's so much E-bike ignorance with the leadership in Pisgah and Dupont. At the end of the day E-bikes get more people on the trails. It brings back people who might have stepped away due to physical limitations. It enables the older generations to enjoy the sport longer. These are all things that are being ignored in Western NC because the people in charge think E-bikes are just like dirt bikes.
A: I love your channel, been watching for years.  B:  E-bikes (Class 1 like that Trek, not Saurons ect) ARE the "great equalizer". I bought a Norco Sight VLT on my 51st b-day for my wife.  She has no ACL in her L knee so going "Hard means 1hr of riding tops b4 it stops her.  We rode more together this past year than the previous 3 combined.  An e-bike keeps my bud with cancer out on the weekly boiz ride + a tonne of extra days when he feels well.  I think they're great, but I'm not getting one.... yet. The 4 fittest dudes I know all have one in their stables just so they get more saddle time.  I like that idea... And it would help me, the slowest climber in our group,on those group rides... but still no for now.   C:  Personally, I don't feel you're "excluding" anyone by not having one in your stable.  Your channel is about mountain bike stuff and riding, and the majority of it applies to all types of MTB's and riders.  May as well say "I have to get a fat bike (again) b/c I'm excluding those kooks!"  (Pssst, I'm one of those kooks)
A: I love your channel, been watching for years.  B:  E-bikes (Class 1 like that Trek, not Saurons ect) ARE the "great equalizer". I bought a Norco Sight VLT on my 51st b-day for my wife.  She has no ACL in her L knee so going "Hard means 1hr of riding tops b4 it stops her.  We rode more together this past year than the previous 3 combined.  An e-bike keeps my bud with cancer out on the weekly boiz ride + a tonne of extra days when he feels well.  I think they're great, but I'm not getting one.... yet. The 4 fittest dudes I know all have one in their stables just so they get more saddle time.  I like that idea... And it would help me, the slowest climber in our group,on those group rides... but still no for now.   C:  Personally, I don't feel you're "excluding" anyone by not having one in your stable.  Your channel is about mountain bike stuff and riding, and the majority of it applies to all types of MTB's and riders.  May as well say "I have to get a fat bike (again) b/c I'm excluding those kooks!"  (Pssst, I'm one of those kooks)
I kinda disagree with your thought of excluding people who need an e-bike by not having one.  None of your content is sending a message of no e-bikes allowed.  For myself i don't want a chEat bike.  For those who want or need an e-bike go find your fun and more POWER to ya.
Wish I could afford one, I’d have nasty skills. To gosh darn poor you see
First eMTB, then probably eMotorcycle? Wondering how much eMTB tears the trails more than a regular one.
Please, no EBike content
The TQ motor struggles and gets hot with my friend riding a Fuel with one fitted . He replaced it after 3 months due to an overheat - failure  . The Levo motor , ( 480watt ) , is better for him .  The friend weighs about 150 kg . The Fuel has a load limit of 120kg . Not many people know this . He changed brands for that extra power needed .
I only ride eMTB’s and I still watch your channel. If you don’t get one I’ll still watch your channel. I don’t think about it. It’s just another type of MTB. Mind you I’m from Oz and we don’t play the games you guys in the US do. MTB, eMTB. They’re all here in numbers. No one here cares. It’s like picking on MTBers who use uplifts. Who cares? Ride what you want.  I will say when your life is getting busier an eMTB makes more sense. It’s easier to get a short fast couple of laps in when you only have an hour or so.  eMTB. MTB. Gravel. Road. All bikes. All good.
Love my eBikes. I've almost got 3 of them (an enduro one is on order)! Plus one analogue bike. Being 57, I ride with people in their 20's to 60's and I'm able to keep up with them all and have a heck of a lot of fun. When all I had was a regular MTB, I was always worried I wouldn't be able to keep up. Now I don't worry about that at all. Plus being able to ride more just makes me a better rider.
You can add a 1500W motor and battery to any MTB for about 900 bucks.   I'm sure the motors on the bikes you were showing are all fancy cadence sensitive Bosch or Yamaha ones that are the reason those bikes are a couple grand pricier.  But you could build a Walmart ebike w a good bafang motor for under 2000.  I would think ebikes for downhilling would be the biggest draw to get up serious steep hills.
46 minute gang
More e-bite content please!!
Honestly, I've already got a rather nice recumbent trike (my balance is absolutely shot on two wheels, ever since was a kid) that I've been considering putting e-hubs on so I can actually ride it up from the curb in front of my house without wrecking my knees trying to power off the gravel shoulder on to the tar of the road surface at a 30 or 45 degree angle from the curb on these rural Aussie streets.  E-bike technology is a godsend for folks like me who are out of shape (other than round) or have leg problems but want to get back in to shape without wrecking our knees.
I look at allowing ebikes on trails the same as if someone built a chairlift at your favorite backcountry ski spot. Yeah it makes it more accessible but makes it way more busy and blows the trails out that much quicker. There is a time and place for chairlifts/ebikes but they are a seperate sport and should be kept that way at some trail systems.
fatbikes... good for braking.......................................... LOL LUV YUR STUFF
Didn't you sale yours it was nice !!!
There is nothing better than an e-MTB. You were advertising Haibike e-bikes have you forgot, oh you did it just for money? Don't care about your opinion so I will not watch this video.
they are just not as much fun downhill.
Sold my mountain bike and got a dirtbike. Best decision of my life. Still ride bmx tho.
6:01 my boy is high as a kite.
Wars have been battled since the beginning of time and I guess will never end. Two wheels are the best thing mankind has ever invented let’s all just have fun!
Seth's next video:   Why he needs a pet lizard for his bike shop.
Studies show people do about the same amount of exercise on e-bikes as regular ones. They just go farther and more often.
You can kill 2 birds in 1 shot with a kenevo or similar type park/dh ebike, just saying. n+1 ftw.
Great video, I especially enjoyed it because my N=1 bike is a Fuel Exe, which has a shotgun pro seat on most of the time for our 3 year old. Great on green trails with them, wouldn’t enjoy the hills nearly as much with an extra 15kg of child without the motor 😂
Soon we won't need legs.
we NEED to see Seth on a tricycle
most of the evidence shows that you will exercise more often and for longer if you own an e-bike. I definitely get more exercise since I got an e-bike because I use it to go for leisurely rides on my rest days.
I feel like the biggest strength of e-bikes in general is lowering the barrier to entry for cycling. If someone wants to commute on a bike but can't make 15 miles a day (yet?) or wants to start mountain biking but just can't make the climbs and still enjoy the ride, then an e-bike can allow them to start out without having to spend months or years getting to the point that they can make the minimum to have fun.   The big problem is people getting going faster than they're really capable of handling, and the fact that a lot of so-called ebikes are basically just unregulated mopeds, and are ridden by people who wouldn't ever ride a regular bicycle.   Also you should get a pet lizard. Trust me, they're great.
perfect time. In CO and looking at converting a fat bike to e for winter.
E truck review?
Is it weird that I’m saving up for an e-bike, not for me, but so my friends from work, church, and trivia can come ride with me and still have a good time?
I’m old school and believe in working through the grind. I love the struggle and fight of getting up hill. I don’t want something pulling me up the hill. If I wanted that I’d ride a dirt bike.
Soooo I visited Berm Park a month ago for the first time and I saw 2 people on ebikes which led me to rent an ebike the next 2 days. Was I not supposed to? What penalties could I have faced? Sorry for not knowing.
I feel quite the same. E-Bikes are something different from bicycles. It's not the independence and superhuman, 'look, I'm faster than naked  feel' you get from a human powered bike. E-Bikes are complicated, heavy, bulky, expensive, limited range, less elegant and therefore less desireable, compared to the real thing. 😙😙
Please review a dh bike
Thank you Seth for doing this video.  I am an ebiker and love you’re trying them out and doing videos on them.  Thank you, thank you.  Those jumps were impressive. ❤
Seth you have make a series when you get back about how to service your bike properly and how to fix common problems I guarantee that 99% of your subscribes will love it and help them out on how to work on their own bike
Just money...
The camera person or drone or robot thing that records this needs some credit.
When I was living in Bentonville a few years ago there were plenty of bros in fine physical shape running laps on Coler with their rented e-bikes. After the same group of five guys shoved past for a third time during one of my climbs, it got pretty annoying. Pisgah is sounding like a better place to live and ride if they disallow motorized vehicles on the mtb trails.
After a year, I can honestly say e-bikes are the future. The world is changing so fast, don’t get left behind.
I don’t think about the things I don’t have…..I think about the things I wanna get🤔 Seth, as usual, great entertaining video!
First
I fully understand that some people need an e-bike, like my 74 yr old friend who has some serious health issues, but still wants to ride. I keep hearing the excuses from young, healthy riders that e-bikes help them do more laps. So why don't these riders just work on fitness more? Here's my big question: What are we going to do with all of thses lithium batteries when they go bad, and they will? With bike manufacturers changing their designs and model, making "upgrades" because of new innovations, you may not be able to get a new battery when yours dies and you're left with a heavy bike $3,4,5....k paperweight.
same as you, this is the only exercise I get. I'm afraid I will lose my fitness if I get an ebike
My hands hurt when you ate it on the unicycle.
That was the best comparison of E-bike to "real mtb bike" that I've seen.
ive got to say seth ive been against e-bikes almost from the beginning. I want a new car but the car I want is just a tad bit out of my wheelhouse. The car has been out of production since 2018. It's a Porsche GT2 rs and it's 350,000.00 but Porsche is also making an e- bike it's around 10,000.00. U have to pay up front and the bike takes over a year to build. I stopped by my local Porsche dealer. Mainly to test ride there e- bike and they didn't even have one. I was sick walking around all the 911s they had on display. They were all well over one hundred grand. Then not even being able to see there e-bike. Can't get my dream car because of cost and it seems I can't get there e-bike because of cost too. Thanks for your content.
You said it better than anyone else that I seen. Yes, the E bikes are great, but there's still many of us that want to be naturally aspirated until these bikes are an absolute necessity.  Great video!
I have nerve damage from a major back injury, if it wasn't for ebikes my riding days would be over
Why don’t you have a Mt E-Bike? Me: 💰
I definitely think an eMTB is perfect for the kind of person who can only have ONE bike. It has to work as a cruiser, a trail bike, and maybe even a grocery hauler. People I know with e-mountain bikes, who are super into mountain biking… also own a normal MTB.
Bikes are better than e-bikes, but an e-bike is so much better than no-bike that it becomes a different conversation.
Your reasons are same reasons why i do not own a e bike. They also super expensive. Also you can get a bike with a better build that can climb very simlar to a ebike if you in some what decent shape.
Bought a Turbo Kenevo on sale about eight months ago for freeride and DH laps. Sounds kinda crazy I know but I've had a blast. Nothing like an ebike with a Boxxer on it lol.
Seth! I love your vids
seth do you still have your sway bike (the beach crusier with the joint in the middle)
They seem cool but there really expensive I rather have a decked out full suspension for that price love your content by the way
e
come ride my trails and youll get your punishment😂
I went Levo in 2016. All of our crew of over 60 year old guys/women use Scott’s, JTs and various Levos.  I’m almost 8 years in on this Expert Levo. Every part has been replaced. Period.  Wheels, shock, fork, bars, seats, converted to mullet.  Bought a 50 mile demo from the local rep for $5k, I’ve dropped more than that into it.  I’ve redone the motor once ($1,000), two $1,000 batteries, one got wet. One neglected when my friend didn’t ride it when I was on the DL. I’m 72 and stoked to ride tomorrow morning. Oh, haven’t heard “cheater” in five years at least.
nice video.
Not everyone likes them, which I get. I used to hate them, until I got one. I still ride my analog bikes far more often, but the e bike makes shuttle rides with friends all that much easier. I can customize the power delivery. The downhill is still a blast. If you have the opportunity, yoh should try one.
I notice every time I get passed by some joker on an e-bike and I call those cheaters out every time! Seth is being nice, but deep down he knows e-bikes are evil!
I think eMTB's largest issue is so many covid riders started out on them with 0 trail etiquette
"removes the fitness barrier" pretty sure you mean removes the fitness entirely
I look at E bikes like hearing aids. Some people need them, but most people don't
E-bike? I don’t even own a bike anymore 😂
Being lazy, and throw away is why I will never go electric.
E-bikes are for certain people... I just ain't one of them.
if you put a motor on it, you have a motor bike. its a motor bike. put pedals on a Harley, it still a motor bike.
🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱❤🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱
Yikes that other YouTuber is mega cringe
Walmart has a Hyper mid drive ebike for on sale for 1098 right now pretty sick deal
In some Part of Europe we use to call them "Bio-Bikes" now
I'm chronically ill, I basically have an built in limiter that makes me feel horrible if I exceed it. E-Bikes are enabling me to do somewhat normal days on the trails without being out of order for days afterwards. They are amazing for me and many others. But I can totally see why a healthy person wouldn't think twice about them, if you don't need one they just don't add much for you. But if you do, damn the can be life-changing!
All bikes are fun 🎉
My riding buddies have full powered bikes. I feel pressured to buy one as well since I can’t keep up with them anymore. Unfortunately I can’t afford one and can’t justify the cost. The economy is hurting and so am I.
👍
I like the videos you have been doing with Evan mtb saga he is a cool guy
Dang real mountain bike, that was spicy :') definantly agree tho, there is a huge place for emtbs and regular analog bikes. just depends on where you live and how much time you have to keep yourself in riding shape.
I think you should own a crocodile 🐊 😂 and review it sir 😅
you are the best mountain bike/dad youtuber
A non-e bike is called an acoustic bike
hi seth i love your videos im having surgery tommarow on my canine tooth im so scared i wont go to sleep love you man wish me luck
I also just realised that in the time that i am commenting this, no one apart from seth and maybe a few others have seen the full video
Is that Evan from evan's mountain bike saga? That dude is so boring
Never in my long life have I ever been this early on a video.
seth first time seen riding on a trek
And what about gravel bike?
Early gang (love your vids been here since the change from Seth’s bike hacks)
I am waiting untill I am old and feeble to get an e-bike
Seth + one of those BMX’s with suspension could be a deadly or godly combination
Love ur stuff man. I got a question how long did it take you to make the bike track at ur house
W video
First
Well I mean I would love to comment
Hi
Because, that's why.
E bikes rock
Very 1st
